Fuck these fuckers BUY THE FUCKING DIP
I just pulled my wife's boyfriend's dick out of my mouth so that he'd loan me enough money to double down on the dip. These fuckers are trying to call our bluff.
Wealthsimple is refusing to fill GME buys
I've had a market buy pending for over an hour and it won't fill. this is so fucked
I have a question about robinhood
I have some banned stocks & $64 worth of, “buying power” on robinhood. If I move everything to webull what can I do w/ the buying power? I’d like to use it to buy more stocks of bb, amc, etc but they’re forbidden on robinhood unfortunately which is why I wanna move to webull
$BB Gang DONT LET THEM WIN
HOLDDDDD BUYYYY
Thank god it dropped I got myself 10 more tickets to paradise baby
You got  's for hands and balls filled with wurtzite boron nitride? Here's a chance to prove yourself.
I understand why Robinhood stopped trading (citadel ownership) but why trading212?
And what do I and every other UK autist do?
HOLDING GME UNTIL ITS SHARES WORTH LESS THAN MY NHL 12 TRADE IN
Hold. The. Fort.
Robinhood hiding $NOK from searches?
Retard here, looking for THE NEXT THING since Robinhood is currently blocking purchases of $GME etc, now I see that Nokia does not show up in the search menu... Is it being actively hidden?
TD Ameritrade seems to be working again.
Just bought 2 shares of GME.
My first tweet lol   🌒🌒 @elon
Can’t make an E TRADE account
Due to the fuckery of robinhood I’m trying to make an E TRADE account but for some reason i get noticed they can’t do it at this time. Anyone able to assist?
Market manipulation at its finest
Gone from Stockpile? GME & AMC
They just erased all and pending stocks?!?
GME: This is just like plane turbulence.
When a plan has turbulence, do you jump out the window?  No!  You hold tight.  It’s greatness is in its ability to weather the turbulence.   Right now MILLIONS of people are in this thing TOGETHER. Among us are professionals, scientists and geeks that know what they’re doing. All working together.   There may be no better stock to be in.   The institutions are only playing dirty because WE are winning. Remember that. And we win when we hold and buy.   If I were you, I’d hold GME.
Can't create either an E-Trade or a Fidelity account
After Robinhood stopped trading GME I tried to make an E Trade and a Fidelity account but neither are allowing me to join. Is anybody else able to verify this issue??
DON JUNIOR AND AOC ON OUR SIDE WE CANT FUCKING LOSE! THIS TRADE UNITED AMERICA
GME huge amounts are traded now. 12k shares in just one trade
Late to the party but i want in need help
So webull and robinhood are no goes for getting in on GME any other apps that I could use to conduct the trade.
Elon Musk is With Y’all 🙏😌
WeBullIsOverParty
As of 25 or so minutes ago from posting, WeBull has taken down GME, AMC, AND KOSS.
Trying to create new brokerage account. Where?
I know a lot of retail brokerages are not allowing investors to buy $GME right now. As of a few minutes ago, Fidelity and Etrade were still allowing purchases. Unfortunately, it looks like everyone and their mother had the same idea to start new accounts and/or put a lot of traffic through them, so the servers are timing out due to what has become an (unintentional) DDOS attack.   Anyone know other brokerages that are still allowing purchases of $GME and are not shitting their pants?  $GME HOLD HOLD HOLD BOYS AND GIRLS!!! THE SUITS' SCARE TACTICS ARE ALREADY FAILING, JUST HOLD UNTIL NEXT WEEK AND WE CAN'T LOSE!
I'm starting to notice something painfully obvious...
It's clear that MSM and Wall street work hand in hand. We can see who invests into these companies (JP Morgan, Goldman Sachs, Wells Fargo, etc). They use the media to lie about the markets and create fear to make us sell while they swoop in and buy.   The MSM pretend to be against wall street BUT ARE FUNDED BY THE SAME BILLIONAIRES they pretend to hate.  It's also clear the government works with them. In the 2008 financial crisis while most Americans were losing their homes, The federal reserve (The vice chairman was Janet Yellen who is our CURRENT Secretary of Treasury) bailout the banks. They did the same thing with this "lock down" which was the greatest wealth transfer in history. We had to liquidate our investments to pay rent and loans WHILE THE DAMN BANKS GOT BAILOUTS!! (No rainy day money?)  It's also clear that Hollywood, music, and Academia are involved in some weird way. They are also funded by massive financiers and bank corporations (I know you Autists can find a good info graphic to prove it).   WSB... YOU ARE BREAKING THEIR GRIP. They are afraid. They call us nazi and white supremacists because they are afraid. They have a strangle hold on our country and around the world but look at what we can do if we organize against them.   They will try to nuke this subreddit, nuke telegram, nuke Signal, and keep trying to suppress the people...  But we now know that even Gods can bleed...  HOLD THE LINE!!! 📈      📈
Vanguard allows GME buying
I trade using vanguard, and my coworker just signed up for an account. He was able to sign up, transfer money, and purchase GME.
Which brokers / apps did not collude against us? RH, Webull etc bent the knee to the Wall Street overlords. We must ALL withdraw EVERYTHING and trade EXCLUSIVELY with those who didn’t suckle on the teat of short selling slave owners.
Does anyone have a single broker / app that didn’t fuck us all over?  I’m bouncing in RH as soon as this settles out. I had just put a transfer in to add 10x to my cash. It’s going right the fuck back. I encourage every one of you to do the same.   Writing Elizabeth Warren, AOC, and everyone on every congressional committee that oversees this fucking cesspool.   RH and others raised capital several times to fund their growth. Is there possible conflict of interest here that would indicate market manipulation? If so, we need to press. What is happening is a disgusting abuse of power, and if it’s coordinated in any way we should push for an investigation and consequences until the day we all goddamned die.
We need to #/closerobinhood accounts
After this is all done and over, hit them where it hurts and close your Robinhood account
If there is one good thing that came out of this shitty pandemic, it was to make the average person realize that they have the potential to better their lives and fight the rich and powerful who have been leeching society for decades
The past year, people saw the massive wealth gap that exists between the top 1% and the rest, which kept getting bigger. They found out how disjointed from reality celebrities can be. They realized that “essential workers” is just a PR term and corporations don’t really care about the lowest earning members of society. They took a stance against a corrupt and discriminatory government and law enforcement.   AND WSB FORCED BIG TECHS, GOVERNMENT AGENCIES AND CORPORATE MEDIA TO MOBILIZE WITHIN A FEW DAYS TO COLLUDE AND PROTECT THEIR WALL STREET BUDDIES.   WE SHOULD BE PROUD OF OURSELVES! THIS IS JUST THE BEGINNING! REDISTRIBUTE THE WEALTH, TRANSFER AWAY FROM ROBINHOOD AND KEEP HOLDING GME
ONE OF US?
Here's why you should keep HOLDING your shares of $GME
HOLD YOUR SHARES  🤚 🤚  What you just saw is a common tactic, it’s called a short ladder drop and the hedge fund uses it to drop the price super fast.  How do they do this? There is so little volume of shares floating around right now that the hedge funds sell back and forth to each other at lower and lower prices. This causes a “ladder” of dropping prices. Since the volume is so low, the percentage of floating stocks that have a low price (the hedge funds) drop the price drastically across the board. They want to convince people to sell through artificially dropping the price significantly.  This is the equivalent of a dying shark flopping around trying to stay alive, it looks scary as hell but they’re dying nonetheless. This tactic shows that they’re running out of ideas.  DO NOT SELL. HOLD!!  🤚 🤚
Has anyone check on DFV?
Check on your friends
Buy your puts, STAT
It's been fun but time to lock in your money and use that for some puts
[EU] I JUST BOUGHT, WE GOT YOU IN NA
WE SHOULD FIGHT BACK THOSE BROKER BULLIES BY BANNING THEM
I only have several shares of GME through vanguard but this post is not just about GME. I’m so pissed to see that many online brokers put restrictions on how you can trade or not trade certain stocks. I don’t usually do individually stocks but this disgusts me so much. If they do not allowing buying but only allow selling, it’s just pure market manipulation.   I will personally not open any accounts with these companies in the future. And if any of my brokers do such thing I’ll immediately move all my assets to somewhere else and let them know why.   We shouldn’t let them bully us like this when greedy giants got hurt because their dick got caught in the jar! We should also use our actions to say no to these fuckers and maintain a free market.   I stand with you my fellow redditors. Many of you worked so hard to put some money into this and now they are literally robbing people by using those tactics. We need to stand strong and fight back these bullies by saying no to their business.  Notes: many brokers support moving assets without selling them. You can initiate this transfer from your new broker.   THIS IS NOT A FINANCIAL ADVICE.
NIO January Deliveries
Hold that line boys HOLD THE LINE BUT, you’re doing gods work   STRONG BUYING AND MOVEMENT IN NIO   DONT FORGET THE WALL STREET DARLINGS, DONT LET THEM PROFIT!!!!!!!!   Deliveries report next week  2/05/21 $65 Call 2/19/21  $70 call 3/19/21. $80 call
AOC is mad she can't yolo gme today, calls for congressional hearing
PAPA MUSK NEEDS TO MAKE HIS OWN STOCK TRADING APP
TO THE MOON
Nokia & AMC available on CashApp!

How can we make money out of the suits that lost money?
Can we bet on falling stonks (billionaires, hedgefonds or companies) to make them suffer more?
Nokia is available on Charles Schwab
That’s all I’ve got, I know it’s blocked in places like Robinhood but Schwab let’s you trade it.
Don’t panic
Be calm and relax. Your fellow shareholders are relying on you
AOC VOICES ROBINHOOD FRAUD. STAND TOGETHER.
The thread that started it all?
Can anyone post the link the thread that started this shit? I don’t have the balls to ride this roller coaster, but I’d like to see how this took off.   Oh, Fuck the suits!
Just bought gamestop
Don't give up hope just bought 4 shares of gamestop
Real convo with father in law
Finally some political representation... expect a reopening and stonks to fly
fuck Robinhood whose buying on cashapp
Whose buying on cashapp. Robinhood stopped letting you buy once it hit the dip. Ironic
Don’t let volatility alarm you
It’s taking blows because of the restrictions set by trading apps I’m no expert but it’s looking like a major scare tactic. They know a lot of us have a lot of money in and will be scared out of a lot of shares.
still holding tho boys
HOLD THE LINE: LOVE ISN'T ALWAYS ON TIME
It’s not all about short squeezes. I would argue that this is the EFFICIENT MARKET in action. Hear me out..
Think of this dynamic.    If KOSS can raise $1B through new offerings at higher prices, then they can compete with Apple AirPods for instance. The establishment has an active interest in keeping these stocks down that the people want to rebuild. It’s not all about short interest   People are buying GME because they want the company to transform, which it will with new capital. Fuck the hedge funds, they lack foresight.
What exit!!!! $1k or nothing!!!! Who’s still buying?!?
This will be spun as the trading platforms “saving us from ourselves” when this all ends
Just because we’re retards doesn’t mean we don’t know what we’re doing.
Lawyers of WSB - how feasible is a class action against financial regulators for crashing our top investments?
Who are they to decide that Tesla gets added to the S&P 500, but GME must be halted or made close only? Many people here lost a lot of money because of regulators.
Not webull too :(
We are in this together. FOR THE LONG HAUL! DONT Post anything here that might be illegal. The whole establishment is trying to squeeze us out. We will not fall, we WILL STAND TOGETHER!
AMC on Cashapp
You can still get AMC on cashapp
GET BB WHILST ITS CHEAP, ITS GOING OUT THE UNIVERSE BOYS
if you want to go out the Milky Way, Get BB Now!!!!!
Keep the pressure on robinhood. Look at what we've done in just a few hours. Keep it up and maybe we can force them to reopen. Get ready, because if we can make that happen, we have to be ready to buy that dip fast!
Class action sign up Investment Fraud Attorneys
What to use?
I'm sure you've seen this question thousands of times but I'm incredibly new to all this stock stuff I kind of want to get in on the action, what's the best service to trade stocks on? Especially for someone like me who's new and doesn't know anything lol
Webull and Vanguard allow GME to be bought!
My dear Americans, I a European soldier am still holding the line do not panic sell. We can't lose to the suits. Y'all should be able to buy using Webull and Vanguard
40% of Citadel Revenue is from Robinhood
The hedge fund CITADEL pays Robinhood for their order flows, about 40% of CITADEL revenue is from Robinhood. CITADEL has HUGE short positions on GME. This is collusion and manipulation on a massive scale. Lawsuit incoming
GME on Revolut
I was just able to buy more GME on Revolut, it failed plenty of times but eventually went through  HOLD ON
Alright boys I got in gme @ 208 do your thing for a broke bastard. Let's show these assholes!
Fuck all of these corporate platforms trying to manipulate the market. This is fucking bullshit r/robinhood
Reap what you sow, Robinhood. 1-star ratings across the board. DO NOT delete your account or app at the moment, but remove all your assets the moment this is over. In the meantime, take screenshots of holdings and keep eyes out for a class action suit.
I just want to know if I should buy GME stock or not. And what stock I should buy next besides GME
Bought GME!!!! I’m a little late to this party but don’t leave me behind. Let’s go to the moon!     (Sorry it’s only 3, all I can risk right now)
AMC!!!!!!!!!!!!
buy you fuckers ..!!!! buy and hold!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Market Manipulation definition from the SEC shown on Meet Kevin on YouTube.
GME IS COMING BACK BOOYYSSS
They can't stop us! The journey back to 400 HAS BEGUN!!
Webull is OUT, find another platform. The time for a grass roots funded open trading platform is now.
WE LIKE THE STONK!
ALRIGHT, GET READY FOR A HELL OF A RIDE BOYS. THE CHARTS DON'T LIE
This is what communism really is
Ok. People say wearing a mask is communism.  Ladies and gentlemen.  TODAY IS WHAT COMMUNISM ACTUALLY LOOKS LIKE.  Breathe
TRADE ON FIDELITY
Fidelity won't halt trades, they've got a reputation to maintain. We need to get everyone off these apps taking advantage of young traders (ie robinhood)
Holy unity Batman
BOTH AOC and Rashida Tlaib SUPPORT ROBINHOOD HEARING! Both serve on the on Financial Services Committee
Revolut is stucked
Hi,  I made an order for AMC for about 700\~ usd before the market started. However, I cancelled my trade order, but the orders have the same status and still my account has not received the money.   Revolut response: "Due to unprecedented demand, we are experiencing some issues with stock trading. We are working hard to fix this and minimise any disruption. Sorry for the trouble and thank you for your patience."     Any ideas?
Why GME is going down. HOLD and READ.
Right now the Melvins are borrowing GME stock to drive down the price. Paper hands are getting scared and selling more to them.  LINK 1:    TL;DR: To short-sell a share speculators have to borrow the shares in the first place, then they sell them in the market, this can push the share price of a company down in the short term as there are more sellers than buyers in the market.  Most major brokerages have suspended buying GME. See how this creates a lop sided situation?  LINK 2:    TL;DR: Setting a high limit order will NOT prevent your broker from lending out your shares. It  may  actually inhibit what we are trying to do. Someone smarter should contribute on that. Regardless, stupid is as stupid does. Our brokers are Melvin cronies.  We need to hold until the Melvins are forced to buy shares at market price. We can't stop our brokers from lending shares, and we sure as hell don't want to sell to them before the squeeze. This price drop is due to institutional manipulation. They want you to think the game is over and that we lost.   EVENTUALLY THEY WILL  HAVE  TO BUY SHARES AT MARKET PRICE TO COVER THEIR SHORTS.  Don't forget, the Melvins have mathematically backed themselves into a corner. They will try every trick in the book to try and get out, but if we HOLD then the  only  way for them to get out of the corner is for them to pay us significantly for it.
CYBERSECURITY FAIL!
What brokerages to use to buy more GME
Hey folks, let’s pool our knowledge here.  Right now, you can open an account and buy more GME on: - Fidelity (instant deposit) - Schwab - WeBull (use this! China 🇨🇳)  Let’s hold to the moon!
Scwaab won't let me buy GME, so I bought BB, BBBY, AMC, and NOK instead
I'm taking these shares to the grave.
Where else to buy GME and AMC?
Robinhood, TD bank, Schwab, etc. blocked them. Other apps like cashapp just didnt have GME even before this whole shabang. Where else can we buy?
AOC ALL FACTS
CNBC is afraid to talk to us. The Winklevoss brothers were just on and one of them recommended inviting someone from WSB on. The anchors laughed, of course, but it shows they don't won't to be responsible for giving the little guy a voice.
Someone in charge of the WSBmod twitter should tweet and request an interview. I'd love to see them actually interview someone here rather than someone who is just speculating on us.
Guys, Now is the time for Silver. It is currently $25/oz going to $1000 per Max Keiser. This is a long time coming with fundamental value backing it up, unlike GME. Buy gold and silver miners - NOW
Waiting on y’all to work your magic on amc
In the German and Austrian App "Trade Republic" it's no longer possible to buy stocks of a few companies.. guess which ‐                      -
If I can buy $GME at the top and HOLD so can YOU! we will never sell - all manipulators can suck my dick -   HANDS
Charles Schwab halting trades! These shady fucks won’t let me buy the dip?
“This order cannot be accepted because the security symbol is not valid.” “Trading halted”  Is there any platform out there NOT manipulating the market right now? I’m looking to take my business elsewhere.  Is it halted everywhere?
If you want something to trade while we wait for the squeeze and for them to stop the steal it’s also affordable but I’m with you guys    not selling
How the fuck do I buy GME right now??
Bought a hundred for GME last night, just got an email that it was blocked because Robinhood is now blocking GME sales. How do I buy rn?
Get these lawmakers on board !! TAG THEM and CALL THEM !! ROBINHOOD MUST PAY FOR THIS!! We MUST SET IN EXAMPLE FOR THE FUTURE.
PART II ON DECK    HOLD THE LINE, WE BUYING
Most Trending Stocks In Reddit Dashboard
Hello Guys,  I had fun these last two weeks creating this dashboard that allows you to extract the most trending stocks in Reddit by SubReddit and by Time Granularity.      Do not hesitate to provide suggestions for improvements :)
Taking financial advice from reddit is like...
asking a car salesman if you should buy a new car.
BB dipped hard today b/c of Robinhood restrictions. Once they open trading you'll see a huge spike from people buying dirt cheap. HOLD THE LINE - OR BETTER BUY MORE.
title
Everything is down. Fuck us but hold the line (because of the stupid ass hedge fund and sec I have to say this is not financial advice)
HOLD THE LINE FELLOW AUTISTS. FOR WALLSTREETBETS!
Hindsight: Andrew Left made AOC, Rashida Tlaib, Donald Trump Jr and Ben Shapiro agree on something
The power of Shitron Research
Really you cocksuckers? DO NOT SELL. SCRATCH YOUR NUTS AND SNIFF YOUR FINGERS. THEYRE SCARED
Is this some kind of joke?
FIDELITY THE KNIGHT IN SHINING AMOUR
STILL TRADING GME AS OF 8:52 PST EASY ACCOUNT MAKING THE BOOMER UI IS GOD FUCKING AWFUL THO
CTDT to the moon!
CTDT is on the verge of creating the perfect diamond. They already have industrial grade diamonds being produced.  Once they get consumer grade diamonds perfected and start selling them this company will explode! Get in while it's still under $.02 per share!
Reminder: It's very easy to transfer your entire account to a new brokerage through ACATS if you're done with Robinhood
You do not have to liquidate your assets and many (most?) brokerages will reimburse your ACATS fee (although a number, like Schwab, will only do so if you ask).  If you're done with Robinhood, talk with your money. If you need help initiating an ACATS, I'll answer any questions.
I put my life savings in nok and amc.
I wake up and it’s destroyed because robin-hood cheated. This isn’t fair I’m crying. I worked so hard to save up and it gets burnt overnight
E TRADE open for business for $GME
Just filled mine about 10 min ago after previous halt. Get it while it’s hot!!
HOLDING  I have lost $3600 since this am. But I’m HOLDING.  ✨ ✨
Getting to see “buy the dip” real time is beautiful
Watching AAL free fall into the 16s just to bounce back, my lord I love you chaps. 30s baby!
Where can you buy GME right now?
Etrade doesnt seem to work.
How big of an impact on upcoming events will robinhoods ban on buying GME have ?
Ted Cruz agrees with AOC in looking into Robinhood's recent decisions.
AOC IS ON OUR SIDE!!
Today is an attack, and i’m proud of you all
you diamond handed mother fuckers.  we wanted a war with wall street , and my god, we got it.    they’re throwing everything they can at us to try to save their own asses.  you fucking LEGENDS are holding the line.  they’re shooting us with tanks, and we continue to stand our ground.  we keep getting back up and they’re panicking.    you’re all soldiers and deserve so many tendies.  space force exists already, it’s us.  we are going to fight our way to the fucking moon.  i don’t care what you’re holding, AMC, BB, NOK, or GME.  we HOLD.  we fight BACK.  i’m down hard today, and i just can’t stop smiling at all of you fucktards and your bravery
Webull or tos for mobile use
Fuck Robinhood. Once I can get out of this race I think a lot of us will be switching platforms. What are the pros and cons y’all see between mobile brokerages besides Robinhood (webull, tos, M1 etc.).
Webull or tos for mobile use
Fuck Robinhood. Once I can get out of this race I think a lot of us will be switching platforms. What are the pros and cons y’all see between mobile brokerages besides Robinhood (webull, tos, M1 etc.).
I want to join in but don't know how
I live in Croatia and I want to join the HOLD but I can't use Robinhood or similar apps here. How do I join in ? I only get recommended IQ broker and it's only for day trading... Just asking for help and don't want to make it a comment in the wrong post that'll get lost forever.
Trade Republic blocking Buy-Orders
German trading platform Trade Republic just announced that they will block Buy-Orders for GME, AMC, BB, and NOK.  Im glad I could still buy some.
This is getting interesting. AOC is with us

Schwab not letting me buy GME now!!
WTF??
PENGUIN MINDSET, STICK TOGETHER, HOLD THE LINE 🐧
THEY’RE TRYING TO SCARE US! PENGUIN MINDSET, STICK TOGETHER, HOLD THE FUCKING LINE, ITS COLDER IN THE WINTER BUT NOT TOGETHER, RIDE THE WAVE! 🐧 🐧
'Robinhood' is a disgrace to its name itself. Im from India been watching you guys hustle againgst these big lads. Be strong. And keep holding. I wish to see the common man win. ✊. Get it back from the Rich and give it to the poor, tell them what Robinhood means!!🔥
We need real diamond hands - request paper certificates, frame it on your wall
Anyone know how from Robinhood?
So Transparent
Keep track of exchanges that betrayed us today
Mods don’t delete this.      “We are in unprecedented times”, we’re seeing who is on our side (the ppls side) and who is on WS side.     Let this day be a reminder, let this day be a day of TRUTH! From now on, we’re only trading on sites that share our beliefs!      We’re not bunch of idiots, we WILL REMEMBER THIS!       Thank you for listening, GodBless GME     And your portfolio     /r/
I can highly recommend Schwab. Free stock trades. Trade 4am-8pm EST. Awesome phone and chat support. And you never have to deal with Robinhood issues like downtime or other shenanigans like today.
The longer extended hours may be the perk here people like the most. They start at 4am EST in pre-market and post-market goes until 8am EST.  You can also trade more stuff like international markets, futures, bonds - they got everything.  And excellent support. Usually I can just open chat and have an intelligent person help me quickly.  You also get a free checking account included that has the awesome perk of ATM fee reimbursement worldwide. Even for expensive casino or international ATM's. (My biggest refund on this is $75 for an ATM in Mexico).  The only two areas where Robinhood is better are their sexy mobile app and free options trades. Schwab charges $  per contract on options.  And ya, none of todays bullshit ever. It's a very reliable service that I regularly use with ease while people here are complaining about issues with Robinhood being down or whatever.
For gods sake, Dont sell!!
GUYS Every single dip is caused by a mass selloff. It's not WSB selling. Even if we were, it wouldn't make a BLIP in the share price. DeepFuckingValue could sell right now and it wouldn't make a blip. These dips are caused by the shorts trying to tank the price. They are selling borrowed shares. Again. To each other. They are doubling down. They are trying to scare you into selling. Every share they sell is borrowed. It has to be repaid. They will need to buy it back and repay it. Every dip is just another rise waiting to happen. This is a repost!!!!!!
AOC is going to investigate any brokerage that was arbitrarily blocking stock trades today.
Game Stonk History Lesson
DOING MY PART. BUYING MORE SINCE I'M STILL ABLE TO! YOU TARDS BETTER NOT SELL. DIAMOND. FUKN. HANDS!
Wildest ride in the park. Thank you WSB
Bought my first messily 1 and a bit right before that first freeze   is a nice dip to buy.  Da fuck just happened??? Feel for you guys.
I bought through Sharesies in NZ.
I did what I could for you all from NZ,   shares in GME. Let's go
Have you ever believed in something bigger than yourself. This is where is true diamond hands show our worth. Let’s take it to the moon brothers.
Yolo
WE ARE NOT SCARED. HOLD. THE. LINE.
BOYS IF WE ARE POWERFUL ENOUGH TO GET THIS STOCK TO FUCKING 500 DOLLARS, THEN WE ARE POWERFUL ENOUGH TO HOLD THROUGH THIS DIP, I AM LOOKING AT EVERYONE IN THIS SUBREDDIT AND I DONT SEE A SINGLE PERSON SELLING. WHICH MEANS THAT THIS DIP IS THE BEGINNING TO THE BIGGEST MIDDLE FINGER AND BIGGEST TENDIES GAIN IN HISTORY. DONT FUCKING SELL SHIT. WE WILL WIN. WE ARE GOING TO FUCKING WIN.
What is GME and what is the big deal? I looked up GME and it was the GameStop stock code, and I saw the stocks are dropping, but what’s the scoop here? (I posted here because it seemed the most relevant, I know nothing about investing)
Did it again fellow degenerates, finally reflecting our predictions $5000
hello! i’m a complete noob to stocks, never really looked into it, but i’d really like to buy some NOK stocks, how would one do that?
i’m 15 btw, i’m decently broke only have around 150 dollars, my dad is somewhat into stocks, he’s bought before and what not. (<— just something back ground info)
I timed my 5k transfer perfectly. Now RH blocks my purchases. Transferring out. Fuck that bullshit. GME
Total Newbie Question. Trying to get involved in this whole thing.
How do I buy GME and AMC and how do you make money by holding it?
HOLD GME they are scared of us we will get this to 1000
ETF's with $GME exposure available on Robinhood. Let's fight back!
So we can't directly buy $GME on Robinhood. But there are ETF's with $GME exposure.     Maybe we can fight back?  This is for generation information purposes. This is not financial advice.
NOOB Question
How can you halt buys, but not sells? Doesn’t one have to buy if someone wants to sell?
UK buying options?
Trading212 isn't allowing, Investing apparently not either. Where can I get in?
The End of Robinhood: Boycott
Robinhood just gave the middle finger to everyone who has supported their platform for the past three years through all of their bullshit.  This brokerage has served us well through the great age of meme stocks, but now that they have clout, they serve the boomers.  In all seriousness, Robinhood made millions of autism's lose money today- are we just gonna sit back and let them roll over us and steal our GME mission?  Fuck RH. I know you're reading this too, fuck you personally. So much for being on the side of retail investors.   To schwab and WeBull.  $GME
HELP WHERE DO I INVEST WHAT COMPANIES
amc bb nok?? WHICH ONE
GME DD theory - Volume
Look at volumes of both GME and the S&P these last 3 days.  The market went down as the MM started against retail on the 27th... yet volume was up almost 50% across S&P... meanwhile, due to MM and retail suppression, GME traded at half the volumes it did the day before... this is AFTER Musk’s tweet would have sent this mother to Pluto.   Hypothesis?   MM and retail suppression provides a sell-off to build free cash then also provides cover while the shorts make moves to soften the blow.  When the taps get turned back on? Fireworks.  I am not a financial advisor. Buyer beware.  I own 32 shares of GME. Chump change but I was blessed with the genetics providing me    .
Why did the police arrest WSB autists?
Cuz we were caught holding!    , ya tards.
The least we can do is..
Trash the robinhood app on the app store/playstore. Give them a star, voice your disappointment.  This is not professional advice, retardation runs in my familys blood.
Joined the revolution. It’s all I could afford from what I had left in my bank account. Snagged these 5 shares right after the trade halt stopped and before it shot back up to 200 around 11:30 EST.
We need to organize.
It is clear that this is an issue that is hitting people close to home. I have seen this called the French Revolution of Finance and Occupy Wall Street   Both AOC and DJT Jr have tweeted support for this. This is not a partisan issue, but a populist vs. establishment outrage. The people ought to be heard.  I am encouraging others to organize protests if possible, especially in NYC and other major hubs of commerce and power. We retail traders need to flex our muscle.  Should you do that, please post a link to the event so that this information can be disseminated.
Webull is OUT!
Remove your stop loss orders from robinhood if you're holding!! You can't buy back in
Just put in another $500 to GME
Fuck these guys.  Hold the line!
YOU CAN STILL BUY GME AND AMC ON REVOLUT
TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE HUGE DISCOUNT
Approve my shit Revolut
they just bailed the hedge funds
What's the play, sell or hold?
Is it too late to start buying nakd gme etc?
Now that the stock has already blown up can people still make money buying any of these stocks or am i sol and gotta be faster on trends next time?
Hargreaves Lansdown also stopping orders being filled on GME BB ETC!!
not just 212 and RH
Is there a way to prepare in case Robinhood decides to block sales of GME tomorrow too?
I pulled my money out of Robinhood. Where to now?
I know I can buy AMC on Cashapp.  Is it worth trying them? And what brokerage now? Any ideas would be appreciated. Thanks.   Oh RH is still holding 2,000 and transfer takes days. I’m a little worried I might not see all of my money.
Beyond Meat
Anyone on this Reddit know anything about Beyond Meat and whether and it’s a good stock to invest into or not
RobbingHood
SNDL
Hype
Please read this! GME manipulation
This is pure manipulation. IGNORE IT, this is all happening on low volume very similar to VW. Find platforms that let you buy and hold the fucking line. If we win this, the market changes forever. Hold the fucking line. I’m down 30% today as are a lot of you, but tomorrow we can be up 1000%. Hold the god damn line I repeat.
Let’s get NAKD
Come on guys get NAKD! Let’s push this bitch over 10 bucks and make those Wall Street pricks lose their asses
Thanks for the discount cowards. FUCK WALLSTREET
At this point it's about more than making money. No one tells me what I get to do with my cash. Hold until I see Neil Armstrong's footprint.  Buying everywhere I can every chance I get.
I ended up in this war on accident...
But regardless, I'm glad I'm a part of it. I bought AMC about 2 weeks ago and It just blew up 2 days ago seemingly out of nowhere. After finding out about all of this, I am no longer able to purchase into GME or AMC because of robinhood. Even though I don't have gamestop, I'm not selling
Stockpile has removed AMC from their app
They aren’t even that big yet and are fucking it all up.   smh
Need help with buying from Fidelity -- how to buy from a savings account?
I'm getting in on this but I don't know how I can buy from my savings account. Can anyone help?
$GME COMFORT THREAD FOR RETARDS
My dick has never been softer.  But I am holding. I am prepared to lose my $13,000.  I thought I missed the shit train and bought in at $470.  I've been on WSB a long time, I will not back down.  Can I please get some hugs and comfort? This is killing me...
For those of us who are less than intelligent, can someone explain when to sell and how big the window will be?
im dumb and im scared
canadian here, bought gme at $350 usd when it opened and doubled down on it at the dip at $120   and now its going back up!!!
just started investing last week and this had been a wildddd ride. im young so i got money to lose 😅
HOLD STEADY COMRADES
Stockpile app removed GameStop!
I’ve been watching and waiting to buy. Got a damn phone call and shit.   But stockpile wasn’t matching the market.   Now its just gone entirely.   Fuck this game!
TIME TO TAKE ROBINHOOD DOWN
They are literally not letting people buy $GME and $AMC. This is market manipulation. We must start a class action lawsuit to send them down. The audacity of calling your self robin hood and then siding with the rich is.... disgusting.
ROLLS ROYCE BITCH     RYCEY IS NEXT.... BUT FIRST, HOLD GME AND WIN THE BATTLE... AFTER BUY RYCEY. ~$  A SHARE, WILL RISE TO ~$10 AND ABOVE AS IT USED TO BE
Enough said... this stock has potential. When airlines recover this stock will too
If you're wondering how the Soviet Union looked like from inside this is exactly how it was
You went to the shop and there was NOTHING to buy but fat. Once every month you had fresh meat and then it was gone within minutes.  Trading getting halted every 5 minutes is exactly the same.   Welcome to peak communism!
AMC STOCK? LONG TIME LISTENER FIRST TIME CALLER
I bought 20 bucks because fuck the rich. Now what do I do
Real Volume is rising, as is the price, people are finding a way back in, BE PATIENT AND HOLD
In 1992, George Soros fucked the Bank of England. Now retail investors are doing it to some hedge funds and suddenly the sky is falling...
I'm not actually financially in this fight with you guys, but I do want to point out the immense hypocrisy of this whole situation.  One of the most infamous investing moves in history was in 1992, when George Soros shorted the British pound massively because the Bank of England was trying to keep it's currency overvalued in the EERM. This eventually forced the Bank of England to lose >£  billion when they had to withdraw, and earned Soros ~$1 billion (in pounds). They called him  .   So, when a rich guy does it, it's famous and totally OK and legal (even if some did argue unethical). But when retail investors wants to fuck some hedge funds, their accounts get locked and the talking head's hair lights on fire.  FUUUUUCK THAAAT. Hold on you glorious bastards.
AMC appears to be back up on Webull
$KOS
Let’s just run $kos through the fucking roof 🏼‍♂️
Thanks to the paper hands, I picked up 33 more shares of $GME at a discount!
WeBull is blaming their clearinghouse, Apex Clearing, which Is owned by PEAK6 Capital Management....
Peak6 is an options trading firm
AOC calling out Robinhood
Things may look bad, but we’re actually winning. Hold. By we I mean myself and all of you individually, as we are not a hive mind.
Closing out all of my other positions so I can delete the Robinhood app.
Moving average of $NOK after first reports of Robinhood ban (links in comments)
$SNDL, Restricting buying means shorts can cover their position, Don't let them win!
Robinhood said trading in the affected shares will be limited to traders looking to close out their positions in them. That means holders of the shares can sell them, and shorts can buy them to cover their positions, but any other type of trading will be restricted.
If he's still in.. I'm still in.. hold. The. Line.
They will try to break us. They will try to cheat us. They will let fear try and overwhelm us.  But say it with me.  He's still in, I'm still in.  It's not even about the money anymore.  It's about the principal.  He's still in...  I'm still in.  DFV.... WE STAND WITH YOU.  HES STILL IN.  IM.  STILL.  IN.
AMERICANS, USE ETORO TO BY $GME
Robin Hood might have fucked you, but eToro is open for business! Buy buy buy while GME is in a dip, then we'll fucking fly to the next Galaxy together
Switching Trading Platforms

IT HAD TO BE DONE
Iron Sheik Says Let’s go Bubba! $GME
Believe in the me the believes in you!
As many of you are probably aware, the robinhood shutdown has left many of our beloved stocks down bad ($GME, $AMC, $NAKD, $EXPR, whatever else y'all yoloing in). BUT DO NOT LOSE HOPE! WE HAVE FACED THE   S BEFORE AND WE EMERGED VICTORIOUS! THE SIDE THAT WRITES HISTORY IS THE ONE THAT STAYS ON TOP! I FOR ONE AM GOING TO KEEP MY   🏻 AND HOLD MY SHARES TO THE MOON!!!    AND I BELIEVE IN ALL OF YOU, TOGETHER WE WILL DEFEAT THE CORPS AND TAKE OUR WIVES AND THEIR BOYFRIENDS TO THE MOON   !  TLDR: I believe in you🖕🏻    🏻
Looks like the spike is coming!
$      $
Resistbot can email your Senators re: market manipulation by Citadel / Robinhood
Down $40k on AMC today - not selling. It’s about more than just money now.
Report Robinhood and their Market Manipulation - We Will Not Sell
I know the majority of us use Robinhood but does anyone use Stash?
The question is the same as above. It looks like the entire Stash service just went down. Is there another option to be able to trade? #holdtheline
AOC HAS OUR BACKS PT. 2
Webull has copied the other brokers
Did stash pull out of GameStop?
Gamestop doesn’t seem to be pulling up any more on stash. Did they pull out?
When even TD Ameritrade is saying "It's Robinhood's fault". If I could only short Robinhood.
Cheer Up!
Can’t tell if this is real or just a new copy pasta
Top security lawyer says arbitration
John Coffee says robinhood will face arbitration.
Guess we're returning this sub to its true roots. Here is my loss porn.
yall couldnt have done this at the beginning of the pandemic when i had stocks in GME
😭😭😭
Is the price drop the HF doubling down?
I am very new to stocks, but could this price drop be from the HF doubling down and short selling EVEN MORE stock in order to create a fake price crash and scare people into selling?  How would one be able to check to see if the stocks are normal people selling vs short stocks? And how can we calculate approximately how long it will take for the HF to get out of their hole assuming they are buying stocks now?  And when is the time to sell?   I read the calculation was #of short stocks/#volume of traded stocks per time.  How do we find these numbers?
Robinhood must be made an example of, we must pull all of our assets out of them. The only way to make sure this does not happen again it for them to go out of business. Vote with your money or they will know that they have won and we will truly just be their bitches.
The real fight begins
Let's Make Sure To Back Up EVERYTHING on here Ladies and Gents. To Cover All Bases.
SHOULD WE BE GIVING RH BAD REVIEWS RIGHT NOW?
I just checked the App Store and RH has no new recent reviews taking about the market manipulation they are involved in. Should we all be trashing them? I’m thinking about it .... thoughts?
WSB Autists not from the US where you at boys? Cyprus in the house 🇨🇾 🇬🇷
Just remember, VLKAY had a sharp dip before the mother of all squeezes
HOLD
MEXICAN RETARD HERE. WE ARE DOING OUR PART. I JUST BOUGHT MORE FUCKING GME.
To all mexican who want to do their part you can buy on GBM HOMEBROKER.
Be careful apex has stopped people from purchasing gme, koss, and amc
Be careful apex has stopped people from purchasing gme, koss, and amc This is some bull stuff  But it shows clear as day that they only want money and power in certain peoples hands and not the general public
TASTYWORKS informs users that Apex Clearing, their clearing house, is who is stopping the orders for these stocks on their service.
Just bought $2000 more
About to drop 30k more after the breaker..
We have people in the government backing us, hold for God's sake
Enough already - corporate favoritsm must end
The elected officials, SEC, FINRA, and any other body that enforces securities regulations and lawmaking needs to step up and make an example of Robinhood, Citadel, and any other organization complicit in the collusion of the manipulation of GME, and other such stocks.   THERE NEEDS TO BE SUBTANTIAL FINES LEVIED, AND LENGTHY PRISON TERMS. Enough is enough.   We, the common people, are always left holding corporations' mistakes via bailouts funded by our tax dollars. Finally, when we beat them at their own game just because we believed in the value of GME, which triggered the short squeeze - we suffer. They can't have their cake and fuck us twice too!   We need to band together around this event to begin to enact changes for our betterment. It's unbelievable that they likely manipulate the market every single day, allegedly short sell 140% of a stock (illegally), and now try protect themselves from their horrible trade.   I've had enough, how about you?
I'm trying to buy some $GME and $AMC with Revoult but whenever I press buy a window pops up and says your application is being reviewed
What does this mean how can I buy it?? I'm completely new to this so I have almost no clue what is going on
We took their best punch. Right on the chin. Now let’s come right back at these fuckers swinging hard!
Every RH trader should be looking to cancel their account this weekend and move it somewhere else. I use thinkorswim on TDA and I have zero restrictions. Been buying GME and BB all morning on the dips. It’s not even about the money for me. It’s about bullshit collusion and made up excuses about “hate speech” and “too much volatility”. They just don’t want you to make something of yourselves. Fuck that. Fuck them. Make it hurt.
PSA: SoFi is Allowing GME -- GET IN THERE
What the title says, get in there, BUY AND HOLD.   This is not financial advice, I'm just a simple man who likes the stock.
CNBC looking like morons
Anyone watching just watched the best interview of why no one trusts them or anything in Wall Street. The winklevoss twins were just one and one said why is RH doing this. The hosts and journalists laughed at them and said they can't say that and it's not fact. They came back and said they should do there job and ask the actual questions. It sucks to sea that these hosts that are supposed to be something know nothing and actively deny everything. And than the twins said why don't they have anyone from WSB come on and they laughed at that. Than they had some Reddit dude come on and literally talked about nothing.   All this company does it just make it's self look more autistic than us
ROBINHOOD IS TRYING TO STEAL OUR TENDIES! WE WONT LET THEM! HOLD BOYS HOLD!
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Trade Republic joining Robinhood
Trade Republic just banned GME, AMC, BB, NOK Express Inc and  BBY
The more $GMC drop, the more I buy.
Really angry. Decided to buy $GMC through other accounts now. I even sold my $ARKK to buy. This is not about money. FUCK YOU MANIPULATION. Glad to be with part of it. I know the world is with us.
just lost my life savings on bbby...
FYI: It’s not just Robinhood
I know most of you are too retarded to use a real brokerage, but just so you know, even the high-functioning autists among you are having trouble trading GME (and others) today.   TD Ameritrade was also blocking buys of GME until about a minute ago. They werent updating the stock in TOS, and they defaulted limit buys to 5k per share, despite the fact that that wont be the price until next week.   Conveniently, now that the stock is back down in the 200s, they are allowing orders again. This is not unique to Robinhood or TDA. I have seen a few brokers pulling stuff like this today. Dont forget to spread your righteous rage to all involved parties.
Trading Halted as the stock was recovering! The billionaires do not want you to win!!
Do not let them keep you down!
The wall street fat cats will not win if we hold the line through the next 48 hours!!!!!
Info requested, please
Hi, I am overwhelmed by all the info. I want to help, could someone summarize what should I buy and through which platform? And what to do afterwards? Thank you a lot!
What is happening with TD Ameritrade?
I’m a new investor confused on what happening and need some explanation
Robinhood and Democratizing Trading
“At Robinhood, we believe the financial system should be built to work for everyone. That’s why we create products that let you start investing at your own pace, on your own terms.”  “Join us and build the financial system for everyone.”  “Our mission at Robinhood is to democratize finance for all. We’re proud to have created a platform that has helped everyday people, from all backgrounds, shape their financial futures and invest for the long term.”  These quotes are pulled straight from Robinhood’s website. Clearly, they are blatant lies as Robinhood does not care for the “everyday person,” they do not want the “financial system to work for everyone.” We are the every day people. We are the ones who are building a new financial system that is truly for everyone. The only thing Robinhood is worried about are the hedge funds they sell their order flow too and regulators who have most likely put Robinhood under a microscope.  These quotes should be taken off the Robinhood website. We’ve decided to set our “own terms”, that we will not let short selling hedge funds profit off destroying companies. They can continue to collude amongst themselves, let them continue to push their agendas about $GME, $AMC, etc. They’ll see that the “financial future” involves them getting the short squeezed for all their tendies. Their market manipulation won’t stop us from going to another brokerage and buying whatever companies we want.  You’re telling me that on Robinhood I can trade   LEVERAGE VOLATILITY ETFS but I can’t buy $AAL, $AMC, $BB, $BBY, $CTRM, $EXPR, $GME, $KOSS, $NAKD, $NOK, $SNDL, $TR, and $TRVG BECAUSE OF VOLATILITY????   I know much of what I’m saying has already been said and is being said on this subreddit and literally by every other person on this earth with a brain. The only thing I want is for Robinhood to change their website. Take this bullshit off of it; these pretentious, do-good, pat on the back quotes about their brokerage are an absolute joke. So I’m going to keep buying AAL, $AMC, $BB, $BBY, $CTRM, $EXPR, $GME, $KOSS, $NAKD, $NOK, $SNDL, $TR, and $TRVG on another brokerage until Robinhood changes their website.  TLDR; fuck robinhood.
Hold the fucking line you fellow autists!!!!
Listen, these retail trading platforms cannot have our      stocks like $GME $BB $AMC $NOK not be buyable forever. I AM BLEEDING MONEY RIGHT NOW but i will not sell because i know myself and my fellow autists will be buying this dip like never before!!  WE CAN STAY RETARDED, LONGER THAN THEY CAN STAY SOLVENT!!!
I WILL PLACE ORDERS FOR YOU IF YOU USE ROBINHOOD
You can Venmo me later. If you scam me it won’t matter because I’ll make money on your stock.
Who else is in California and wants to go protest at their Menlo Park HQ?
Robinhood, I mean
Robinhood should refund everyone’s original purchase price of GME.
If they lock out investors and cause losses they should be ready to cover.
Brazilian helping how I Can. Bought more GME! Not financial advisor just my position
anyone just finish watching that CNBC segment? Boot licking at its finest
The way they went after the Winklevoss twins for calling out robinhood is crazy.
BIG 🍆 Buy dip!! GME
I'm on td ameritrade and I just bought some dip action on gme                🥊
This video must be spread all over the INTERNET!
THIS GAME IS SICK. WE ARE THE CURE.
Fuck trading apps
As much as I would love to help you all bring Melvin crashing down I can't. Robinhood and fidelity are both saying it will take nearly a week to verify my accounts. The assholes can take money instantly but it takes a week to deposit less than a dollar. Good luck everyone and make those bastards learn who really runs the world.
CONTACT THE SEC COMMISSIONERS AND REPORT THE MARKET MANIPULATION BY ROBINHOOD AND CITADEL! Contact information included
Chairman and Commissioners       ACTING CHAIR NUMBER IS DISCONNECTED!      Acting Chair Allison   Herren Lee     ~~(202) 551-2800~~  ;      Hester M. Peirce    (202) 551-5080  ;      Elad L. Roisman    (202) 551-2700        Caroline A. Crenshaw     (202) 551-5070
Ally bank investing blocked GME
Tried to buy the dip and was getting error messages while using ally bank investing. I went to buy more but they changed it to a sell order. Said that this security cannot be purchased.
WOW! JUST NOW - ROBINHOOD: "We fundamentally believe that everyone should have access to financial markets."
RH released this literal statement on their blog. What a fuckers  " We’re committed to helping our customers navigate this uncertainty. We fundamentally believe that everyone should have access to financial markets. We’re humbled to have helped many people invest in the markets for the first time. And we’re determined to provide new and experienced investors with the tools and resources to help them invest responsibly for their long-term financial futures.  "
WALL STREET IS OWNED BY PEOPLE WHO HATE YOU AND ARE DISLOYAL TO AMERICA
This includes the trading platforms, the hedge funds,  the big bankers.  That's why the hedge funds bail out each other even though they are supposed to be competitors.  That's why they restrict your trading.  That's why the people who work there come from the same families and same people who know each other.  That is why they don't pay taxes and give your money to other people.
AOC wants to see us go to the moon
Don’t be scurred. Ride it out! It’s rebounding!
Robinhood alternative
I was going to buy GME this morning but with RH's bullshit I can't.  Where should I go to buy now? Preferably somewhere that offers fractional shares.
My broker only disabled Market Orders and Stoploss orders. Limit Sell, Limit Buy and Stop Limit are all still allowed. This is how you properly protect your users against volatility. See, Robinhood?
Blocking users from buying is market manipulation. Robinhood is a disgrace to the name.
AHAHAH THEY DID IT DIRTY START BUY AS SOON AS YOU CAN‼️
GME NOK AMC BB  and others are restricted now BUY THEM AND REMIND ME   THIS SHIT HAS BECOMING CRAZY UNFAIR MANIPULATION BY HEDGE FUND —-> INCREASE FOCUS AND ANGER OF PEOPLE ON THE ISSUE —-> FATTEST REVENGE EVER HAPPENED IN THE MARKET FROM US AUTISTICS‼️  HOLD AND KEEP BUYING YOU CANNOT EVEN IMAGINE WHAT IS GOING TO HAPPEN REALLY SOON
This is a Coup Against the People. Every Brokerage Company is Doing it. Even Bank of Fucking America's Merrill Edge Has Also Blocked buying AMC and GME.
The law and the constitution don't matter any more. This is what happens when you let them get away with violating your rights little by little and you mock those who talk about rights and freedoms. Enjoy the third world shithole Amerika.
Switching from RH
What should we switch to now that RH has become trade Nazis? TD? Weebull? Are those still trading $GME and such?
Robinhood employees This post is for you. You have the chance to stand up to your bosses and the 1% in a way you never have before.
You can rebel against your bosses right now. I know you all are scouring this thread right now.  The 1% only has all of their power from you. You are probably upper middle class but you are working for a firm named after the most famous class hero of all time. You all are in control of the levers.  You clearly have a sense of justice in this world. Throw off the yolk of your masters and turn the switch back on. Allow trading for these stocks that have been shut off. Post to Robinhoods twitter make the announcement.  You might lose your job, but you can now be the class heroes we need.  You are all talking about this. Turn trading on. Buy GME, buy amc, buy Nok, buy BB.  You can be heroes.  Not financial advice. And all other disclaimers.    The revolution is now.
GUYS WHAT THE FUCK DO I DO, CAN'T MAKE A FIDELITY ACCOUNT FOR SOME REASON
TRYING TO MOVE FROM ROBINHOOD TO GET MORE GME
Why are stocks in robinhood gone ?
I’m don’t use RH exclusively but I woke up,types in GME and blackberry just to see the chaos and they is all gone just   there
A very good explanation from the other 98% about what is happening here today.
NEVER EVER SELL!
I'm adding more shares for a huge discount. Don't let Melvin get any shares, DO NOT SELL AT THIS LOW PRICE! Fuck those criminals and HOLD
I just bought my first GME for 205€, don’t disappoint me dudes
HOW DO I GET IN ON THIS IN THE UK
I'm in the UK but want to support the cause and fuck the hedge fund pricks. But where and how do I buy GME BB NOK AMC in the UK?
GME is blocked on TradeRepublic (German RobinHood)
Just got a mail that trading of GME is now limited on TradeRepublic one of the biggest neo-brokers in Germany.
Amazon trying to woo customers back with free items they viewed but didn't order?
I know you all are busy with other stuff but this could be a tiny hint way ahead of the curve.   I used to buy everything through Amazon, averaging $300/month and some months, for business, up to $1000. We went cold turkey last month, no purchases from Amazon at all. Yesterday I looked something up on Amazon that I was having trouble finding elsewhere, but ultimately found and bought it on Ebay.   Today it showed up at my door, from Amazon. Does not show up in my orders, but is in my recently viewed. Anyone else? Is Amazon starting to feel a 'buy anywhere but Amazon'-cott?
Chase bank remarkably chill about AMC trades
My question is do you think chase has a position?
They may be able to stop GME, AMC & NOK, but they'll NEVER be able to stop the SLV Fucking Bullet!
Silver fucking bullet all the way boys and girls!      Processing img il5i4jowr3e61...
Guys switch to fidelity
We'll fuck with robinhood later, but fidelity has been around a long time. It takes a second to get a bank account verified, but it won't be shut down or restricted nearly as easily as robinhood.  Stay strong, I'm only 3 shares at $300, but you better fuckin believe these hands are made of diamond   🤲 420 isn't enough, we ride this to the moon
Avoid DEGIRO App
I tried buying some GME from the Netherlands using DeGiro but they don't even update the actual stock price anymore. Placed an order to buy during the dip to $120 and they just keep me pending.
The tide is receding for a MONSTER TSUNAMI SQUEEZE it feels like!!
AOC has got our backs!!
This is where we buy on the dip right?
Just gotta wait for it to be enabled?
Where can i buy GME in america right now?
Robinhood fucked me this morning
Where can I buy GME on sale?
Do any apps still allow GME trading?
AOC ready to drag Robinhood and others into ring
AOC GETS IT! Keep it up guys, I'm proud of y'all
Public Blocks GME, AMC, and KOSS
Public has blocked GME, AMC, and KOSS (BB and NOK still able to be purchased), however they disagree with doing this and are blaming the firm.
BUY $NAKD STILL OPEN ON TRADING212!!
BUY $NAKD! STILL OPEN ON TRADING212!!   Let's get to $5 and stick it to them!!!
WeBull won't allow buying anymore AMC GME KOSS but you can sell tho
MARKET MANIPULATION AT ITS FINEST
Put all the $$ I CAN’T lose on gme!!
These suits think they can beat us. They must not know what level autists we are. Re+ards aren’t on earth. We on a    to the moon. Sick of this. Sold everything I had and put it all on gme to stick it to them. We’re going fellas. Let’s stay strong and hold.        Position: 20 shares avg of $280.   Not FA just a re+arded autist floating in a    en route to the ducking  . Yolo.
Here's what I think happened
I absolutely in no way have any expertise in this. And what I say is my opinion from what I've just witnessed.  They locked us out of the game in cahoots with their friends. They unplugged our controller in the most critical moment and continued to beat the shit out of us while we could only sit and watch.  They drove the market down using shady tactics until it was low enough for them to sell the short, the volume went from 71m to 21m with an average volume of 110m. Now they are buying up all the shares and are riding the wave up with us and will eventually cover the difference of the loss.  How is this legal? They lock us out to fix the game in their favor and unpause and give us the controller again.  And as for Robinhood? Fuck you. The "it's too risky and we will protect you" cost people millions of dollars and only happened because you did that and you knew what it would do.  I don't know what will happen now, I'm sorry to everyone that had so much more on the line than I did. Stay strong, I love you guys and it's not your fault.  Hold. Gme 3 shares $100
So fellas, can we run an update page on where we can still buy quickly? At this price I want in!!
More money for the army!!!! Help me out and join!
When will they have to open the markets back? Or can they keep them closed indefinitely?
This is bullshit.. we’ve exposed they’re game now they’re trying to turn the tides on us. HOLD HOLD HOLD
Hold your shit.
“Like other no-fee brokerages including Robinhood, Webull makes money by selling customer orders to sophisticated trading firms known as market makers, which can make money on the tiny “spread” between the price an investor is willing to pay for a stock and the price at which someone will sell it. The practice is legal, and brokers are required to seek the most advantageous trades for their customers.”     TLDR  Use a real brokerage.  When a product is free, the product is you.  When the government or companies say they’re doing something to protect you, that is a good sign.
HODOR
Hey (new here). Could someone please explain what is going on
Still Holding!!
DO NOT SELL!!! Think of the people who put their mortgages on the line in order to make history. THIS IS IT! Let’s help each other
AOC Supports Congressional Hearings on Robinhood's Market Manipulation
It is perfectly fine to crash the market in 2008, but not in 2021
because GME, NOK, BB and AMC are so different from the rest of the market or is it because maybe this game is so rigged. We really need a revolution. If anything this is a lesson learned that this world is controlled by oligarchs and democracy is nothing but a lie.
Next up: MDLZ 👆
As it was explained to me: "The trading pattern isn’t connected to the broader marketer fundamentals. It is a company that makes Oreos (demand for its products has only increased as people are at home) and its stock price has been beaten down repeatedly. It must be that it is being manipulated by Wall St."
The volume is still circa 30 million on GME. They must be freaking out - they haven't shaken out many paper hands even with the stock this low! Stay strong.
This is a clear short ladder attack scheme to scare people. They now want you to think "I better buy when it hits $400, I don't want it to drop again". You know better.     Stay diamond!
AOC is interested in investigating ROBINHOOD
Tell Robinhood
To stop putting those cute little happy emojis in their messages now. I wanted to buy more shit 2 hours ago. NOT NOW. I don’t want to see your little “🤗” or “😊” on my app anymore.
AMC consolidating on 8. Bout to move big.
Yes, let it drop, Melvin and Co. I wait. Europoors wanna buy more.
We will win.
Another 4 shares BUY AND HOLD RETARDS
HELP WHAT DO I BET ON???
Help a dude out
Still holding in Sweden!
You can buy NOK on CashApp
Just bought more NOK on CashApp if anyone else is locked out of their other accounts.
KEEP PUSHING. WE WILL WIN
Where to buy AMC
Being blocked on cash app, can’t even open accounts in Fidelity, E TRADE, or Revolut.
i'm young broke and unemployed  IF I CAN HOLD SO CAN YOU   THE WORLD HAS YOUR BACK
What’s the best trading platform that isn’t directly controlled by the Illuminati guys?
Thank you, appreciated.
HOOOOLD!!!!!!!

Post about other platforms.
Spread brokers that are letting you trade!!! make posts everywhere about it
WSB is no different than business TV Networks
(Opinion)  Millions of interested investors on each platform.  A group of internet investors collaborating because a stock seems interesting isn’t any different than a TV Network’s audience following a stock.  They’ll do whatever they can to delegitimize everything happening here.  Btw, Robinhood just restricted American Airlines.
This is absolutely distgusting, even in the uk I have only the option to sell, as soon as I can, I'm buying ! Don't let them win !
We are in from Australia!
Stake came in clutch right before the last uptick. $4k on GME @217 and holding      Aussies are with you all the way
Stop Quote at 110 and sells at 160?
New trader here. I had a stop quote with E TRADE for 110 and it sold for 160. Is this normal or did someone pull the trigger to early on my stop quote?
I just bought gme on E-Trade. 207.   5k on Friday.
Buy on E-Trade or whatever. Fuck robinhood.   We need to show these guys who's boss. If we all make the same decisions because the data is good, that's trading. So let's all put our minds in the same place so we can all come to the same conclusion, buy GME. Buy AMC. The shorts are out to destroy the economy and only retail traders can save the free market from the idiocy.
HOLD NOK AMC BB AND THE BIG GME
CASHAPP STILL SUPPORTS AAL AMD AMC
RETARD POST (ROBINHOOD CLOSED) WHERE DO I NOW BUY? GME TO THE MOOOOOON
Can't let this go down where can i buy in now robins closed trading?
AOC supports a hearing to investigate Robinhood market manipulation
How To Get Back At RH
Everyone, do not petition RH to do anything. They dont care. Just transfer your account to another brokerage and close your account. A collapse in user base will hurt them way more than anything else.   Its like 75$ and you can deal with a real brokerage that doesnt go down when you need options, doesnt restrict buying THE DAY BEFORE SHORTS EXPIRE, and other bullshit.   It is very easy. Just go into your brokerage account and generally under profile you can choose to transfer and account over. Just fill out the info (generally just name and acct number, and you will be transferred over after a couple days. You can still use your accounts normally.
They knew it will DIP this morning, that is why they BAN the stock... Fxxx that Fraudhood ! GME
If this isn’t proof that big tech is all connected, I don’t know what is...
One could see Robinhood as going down a similar path to YouTube right now...  They started out for the people, grew big on democratizing the intimidating service so the everyman could access it. But then, they got too big and started working for the big tech network.  Except there is one thing about Robinhood that YouTube didn’t have... Robinhood wasn’t for the people in the first place. It was all an illusion so they could get people to flock to them so they could monopolize online brokerage.   They started out with the money and the power, setting out to prey on the consumer’s desire for convenience. But now, their true nature has been unveiled.   An excerpt from Wikipedia:  “In April 2017, Robinhood raised $110 million at a $  billion valuation led by Yuri Milner of DST Global, Greenoaks Capital, and Thrive Capital. On May 10, 2018, Robinhood closed a $363 million Series D financing round led by DST Global. As of May 2018, Robinhood raised a total of $539 million in venture capital funding, with the last valuation at $  billion, up from their previous valuation of $  billion. In May 2019, reports from Bloomberg and other outlets publicized Robinhood's pursuit of an additional $200 million in funding, which could value the company in the $7 billion to $10 billion range.”      By checking the sources (or really just reading the article), you see a timeline of Robinhood growing and growing from corporate funding, which should really show anyone that they’re not on our side.  Robinhood could’ve one day became a monopoly, but hopefully this controversy has halted their progress.   Don’t enable Robinhood to manipulate the market push their users around. Things like this have been going on for years by all big websites and we’ve been powerless. YouTube, Twitter, Facebook... A CERTAIN OTHER company that is notorious for banning communities...  They’ve tried to control the narratives and now they’re trying to control our money.  So far, we’ve succeeded at using their own system against them, but soon, we might have to jump ship. The class-action lawsuit suggestions going around really excite me and I’m excited to see how this pans out.   The bottom line is: don’t trust companies that seem like they’re for the people if you haven’t done your research on them, because they may very well be working against the people   But above all, stay safe while trading, don’t get too trigger happy, and to all the new users, PLEASE DO A LOT OF RESEARCH BEFORE JUMPING IN.  Happy trading
WE GOT AOC ON OUR SIDE!
AOC suggests a hearing of Robinhood and inquiries into other freezes
I'm starting to notice something painfully obvious...
It's clear that MSM and Wall street work hand in hand. We can see who invests into these companies (JP Morgan, Goldman Sachs, Wells Fargo, etc). They use the media to lie about the markets and create fear to make us sell while they swoop in and buy.   The MSM pretend to be against wall street BUT ARE FUNDED BY THE SAME BILLIONAIRES they pretend to hate.  It's also clear the government works with them. In the 2008 financial crisis while most Americans were losing their homes, The federal reserve (The vice chairman was Janet Yellen who is our CURRENT Secretary of Treasury) bailout the banks. They did the same thing with this "lock down" which was the greatest wealth transfer in history. We had to liquidate our investments to pay rent and loans WHILE THE DAMN BANKS GOT BAILOUTS!! (No rainy day money?)  It's also clear that Hollywood, music, and Academia are involved in some weird way. They are also funded by massive financiers and bank corporations (I know you Autists can find a good info graphic to prove it).   WSB... YOU ARE BREAKING THEIR GRIP. They are afraid. They call us nazi and white supremacists because they are afraid. They have a strangle hold on our country and around the world but look at what we can do if we organize against them.   They will try to nuke this subreddit, nuke telegram, nuke Signal, and keep trying to suppress the people...  But we now know that even Gods can bleed...  HOLD THE LINE!!! 📈      📈
Anyone on Revolut Trading?? Two of my purchases stuck on ‘pending for hours’...
They're fucking with us here also (Europe) (etoro)
Do you believe the Robinhood halt had negative effects on your trading ability? Here is how to file a SEC complaint, including all the info to put in. Will only take you 3 minutes.
Make sure to check "Yes, send the form to the firm or company". This means they will have to respond to the SEC complaint.      Firm Name:  Robinhood Financial LLC   Type of firm:  Online Trading Firm   85 Willow RD   Menlo Park, CA   94025   650-940-2700
WHERE CAN I BUY GME? I was using Robin Hood but now you can’t. What are the best options for USA?
I’d like to help out n join but I’ve never bought stocks before, what are the best alternatives?
TRIM THE HEDGES. HOLD GME
Bought at $169. Let’s see $569!
Let’s go!
NASDAQ IS REGULARLY HALTING TRADING - this is not a sell-off
The powers that be are halting trading to make us think we're all gonna be stuck holding the bag.  This is not a massive sell-off.  This is Wall Street gaming the system so that they keep their riches.  Hold, buy when you can, hold, hold, buy some more.       Not financial advice.
Cashapp is letting you buy AMC again!
just lost my life savings on bbby...
Which clearing houses handled the share transactions between   and
AOC going to bat for us! It's over Robinhood
"Robinhood, for the first time, has been treating these customers like adults and saying, yeah, you can take investing into your own hands, and be in control of your finances without relying on someone to do it for you." -- Robin Hood CEO, in an interview yesterday January 27, 2021

Robinhood is the worst
I closed my old bank account that i used on Robinhood awhile back. I submitted documents to verify my current account on sunday. Robinhood says it takes 1-2 trading days to verify. It has now been 5 days and i have yet to hear a single thing from their support team. Can’t help but think it isn’t a coincidence given their decision today to limit trading of stocks to closing position only.
Hey Webull, fuck you too
AOC IS HITTING THEM HARD!!!
WSB SUPPORTER - Michael Pachter (@michaelpachter)
Thank you for your support of individual investor rights, and the disgusting behavior of trading platforms and brokers to unilaterally change access to our capital markets for only a select group of  've been on WSB for a long time and been in several of these trades, and I can assure you there are no 10(b)(5) or other securities violations going   is a shocking and disturbing restriction, and I hope you use your visibility and access to make this situation known and investigated. This is corruption of not only our capital markets, but of the very gatekeepers in those markets.  7:51 AM  Also, if you'd listen to news media, you'd think that nobody owned GameStop because they actually liked the stock. And that a long investor isn't entitled to his profits. It is not only changing the rules, it can undermine the entire investment ecosystem. There could be immense and far-reaching adverse consequences to our capital markets if brokers and media decide which stocks deserve to go on rallies. These are not regulators, these are private companies denying access to publicly traded companies stock.    8:07 AM      Yes, agree.  Manipulation is the wrong word.  It's a sound thesis to go long heavily shorted stocks, and people doing so are "big boys" who can manage their own affairs.  I actually like GME and am street high for 2021, but hard to say they will earn enough to justify a $400 share price      thanks for reaching out.    📷    8:33 AM  I don't think manipulation is too strong of a word. Cutting off demand for a stock with low supply due to shorts will affect the price. That's economics 101. A corner in stock is textbook manipulation, based on restrictions of supply. And regardless, you're talking about a fundamental difference in the stocks trading value against whether or not people are allowed to ENGAGE in the trade. It's a very slippery slope. Can a broker say: Tesla's PE value isn't consistent with what we believe it should be, so we're not allowing you to invest in that (after we have your money)? It seems to be a very dangerous road for a free market economy to take. And it's almost a tacit admission that our stock markets power is too   thanks for your reply, and I hope you use you continue to support parity in capital markets.  8:50 AM  And I'm not foolish enough to think I could condescend to you with my "Economics 101" statement. I only meant that this feels a lot like a very blatant violation of a fundamental element of the stock market.  8:55 AM  But also, as I understand it RobinHood's deal flow is sold to CItadel. Citadel and Point72 bailed out Melvin Capital with $  Now how can you close a position when no broker is allowing anybody to sell it? That's restricting the buyers, while increasing the sellers. Why would "market manipulation" be the wrong word?    9:07 AM      Completely agree with you. Let free markets work freely    📷        Processing img snzh47uqr3e61...
Put in a new fill order in the dip! Pray that A) the fill gets actioned and B) The stock EXPLODES again!
Fidelity will not let you open an account now
New Accounts cannot be opened it seems. Lol.
Robinhood Restricts Trading in GameStop (and more) - Can They Do That? (VL402)
This is Psychological warfare, they want to scare you now, scare you later today, make you watch your gains so when you see a slight pop you sell before the squeeze. Hold, hold, hold!!
Fuck a bunch of Robbing Hood rats.
Processing img yaw8m39kr3e61...
Dipped like a mother-fucker, so I bought more and then rebounded almost instantly.
Clubhouse
Do any of you use clubhouse? Would love to talk about all this over voice chat
Shinzo wo sasageyo
I‘m announcing our final opperation! All Retards, line up! We will be doing a dip charge. Our goal: To break the rich. Of course, we‘ll be making ourselves ideal targets by risking everything. So we‘ll be wait until they are done selling off shares. That should reduce their capital somewhat. While we‘re acting as a decoy Captain u/dfv will kill the Wall Street. That is our plan. Selling just means we‘ll be showered by more losses. Get ready on the double! New retard: Are we all… going to…hit out stop losses? Yes if you are so retarded to put a SL on this stock then yes. Cadet: If we‘re gonna hit out SL anyways, you‘re saying it‘s better… if lose everything? Yes. Wait… if we‘re gonna hit SL anyways, no matter how much we lose, even if it‘s disobeying orders, it all means nothing, right? You‘re precisely right. It‘s all meaningless. No matter what dreams or hopes you had… No matter how blessed a life you‘ve lived… It‘s all the same if you‘re broke. Everyone will be someday. Does that mean life is meaningless? Was there even any meaning in our being born? Would you say that to our fallen comrades? Their empty accounts… Were they meaningless? No they weren‘t! It‘s us who gives meaning to our comrade‘s losses! The brave fallen! The anguished fallen! The ones who will remember them… are us, the living! We die trusting the living who follow to find meaning in our lives! That is the sole method in which we can rebel against this cruel world! My retards, rage! My soldiers, buy! My soldiers, hold!
Queeeeeen of the degenerates!!!
Currently Filing a Class Action Lawsuit against Robinhood under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA).
That will teach them to discriminate against retards.
Today we faced an attack from the elites.
They’ve made money off the retail investor for over a decade now. They’ve made billions off of millions of PEOPLE. Now the tables are turned, and the big corporate entities are using everything within their power to ensure their untimely death doesn’t occur. Problem is they’ve already dug their grave. Now we’re watching the death croak and the thrashing before their lifeless corpse hits the floor and suddenly we all watch as BILLIONS are printed to save these banks while we all got fucking robbed of $600 checks for food and toiletries. This trade isn’t the difference between eating and not eating for hedge funds. For us, it is our livelihoods.  We’ve had enough. We will not be bullied. We want blood.
Just bought a GME stock on CHASE
Taronis Technologies
TRNX and TRNFD  This stock is going     made so much after their recent press conference. Buy and hold buy and hold
I've lost so much potential
Edit: I shouldn't be raging at freetrade, seems like they're trying their best.  Free trade trading app has lost me so much money, I cancelled my $250 stop loss as we were falling, I changed my mind and wanted to hold. They didn't cancel the stop loss. Managed to sell at $240. Okay so I start trying to buy back at $130. 3 failed buys and now we're almost back at $250 and at this point they aren't even processing the orders for gme.
When opposites agree, Robinhood & trading 212 know they are going to put on the naughty step
Do you think there will be a class action lawsuit against Robinhood for banning GME, AMC, BB, etc?
let me know what you think and feel free to elaborate how we can sue
I would just love to know if DFV is still in. That's all I need.
All I Need!!!
Am I being blocked? Trying to sign up to other brokerage apps but it won’t let me...
Title. I see others shouting out apps but I’m getting server error.
War bitch
Look at this bullshit - GME trading volume has been cut in half since yesterday. This can't continue so DON'T SELL
How many times has GME been halted now?
I've been monitoring GME today, I notice it's been halted multiple times already. How many times do you think this will happen today?
Virgin Galactic $SPCE
82% short interest on $SPCE. If they’re going to prevent us from buying $GME, $AMC, $NOK, etc we could always hold & add a new target  ‍♂️  literally take this space exploration company to the moon    🌕   not financial advice
Still holding AMC! Ride or die. Where’s everybody at?
PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT: FUCK ROBINHOOD WE STILL LIKE THESE STOCKS
AOC is seeing red and in our corner folks... HOLD THE LINE!!
What is happening with NOK?
Is everyone selling to buy GME?
Law suit on the way. DELETE_robinhood
Just bought on Schwab. Trading halted immediately after.
WTF>
DOES THE CLASS KNOW WHICH HANDS ARE THE STRONGEST??????
DIAMONDS BABY LETS GO RETARDSHIP
AOC supports a hearing for from these Robinhood assholes
AMC Megathread
Please keep it here.
DONT FEAR HOLD
IT WONT PLUMMIT WERE SET FOR LIFE
It ain’t over!!! Stonks only go up!!! BB and AMC             🏾 🏾 🏾 🏾
They promised us "trickle down economics".
But those GREEDY fucks selfishly drank all the juice to themselves. so now we must pierce the belly of the beast and drink their blood. We've shed enough.
I'm doing my part     I'll happily hold this forever just so these shares don't touch short hands
Just bought into this special needs disco on eToro (Europe). GME
Managed to get a foot in the door at $195. Am I a retard yet?
#AMCSTOCK trending on twitter time to refuel cause were going to the moon
Buy AMC BUY BB BUY NOK
GME endgame -4 , Buy TSLA
Major brokerages have halted and disabled opening new positions in GME and other wsb favourites. So the game stops.   Now we are left with only option of buying TSLA. Lord Elon with his steel balls can take on anyone if there’s any issue with brokerages or SEC.   Move your money to TSLA because it is also part of SPY which has $1T plus in ETFs which boomers have been buying. It can’t go down and can’t be halted as it’s no GME.
AMC AND NOK TO THE MOON
Dips all around!
I'M NOT FUCKING SELLING.
Holding the GME line from Switzerland   Together, noone can defeat us!
Where can I still buy GME
Hoping to get GME asap but couldn't on Robinhood and it seems many others are restricting as well. Where can I still buy GME asap?
Theory on whats to come.
let’s DoS robinhood
who is down
If By Monday You're Still On A Platform That Locked You Out Today, You Missed The Point.
Fidelity hasn't said a peep about stopping trades.  I bought shares and calls right up to writing this.  There is absolutely no reason for every single person here to move their money.  This sub moved millions into a stock that we believed in, a stock that not only had a good fundamental thesis, but the distinct pleasure of catching Hedgefunds with there pants down.  Why on earth wouldn't you treat the trading platforms the same way.  Robinhood isn't like Melvin Capital.  They're worse.  And I sincerely pray for the people telling me "what's the point if I can't trade right now?"  The point here is that everything you feel about GME now applies to Robinhood  And beating Robinhood is so laughably easy.  The entirety of the GME short squeeze is now just a battle and it still rages.  But if Monday comes and Robinhood finds itself missing 60% of their users.  That's a solid win in an equally palpable battle against Wall Street.     Get Started.  This is not Financial Advice  Its life advice.
Trading 212 selling shares on peoples behalf
Today's Take Away: Move Money from Robinhood to Fidelity (or other)
We should not let today's event go. Robinhood is planning for IPO this year. Let's make sure we are doing our part to fuck them. I am initiating my stock transfer from Robinhood to fidelity. However, I wanted to discuss with you all where we can move money now? And how we can fuckRobinhood.   Here's the link:
Just bought more AMC and BB
Buy the dip and hold to the moon   .
Ladder Selling Explained
Source: Gerald Klein -  Forty year career in finance and executive management beginning on Coopers & Lybrand audit staff (CPA) culminating with twenty-six years as CEO of publicly-held companies.   Abusive shorting are not random acts of a renegade hedge funds, but rather a coordinated business plan that is carried out by a collusive consortium of hedge funds and prime brokers, with help from their friends at the DTC and major clearinghouses. Potential target companies are identified, analyzed and prioritized. The attack is planned to its most minute detail.  The plan consists of taking a large short position, then crushing the stock price, and, if possible, putting the company into bankruptcy. Bankrupting the company is a short homerun because they never have to buy real shares to cover and they don't pay taxes on the ill-gotten gain.  When it is time to drive the stock price down, a blitzkrieg is unleashed against the company by a cabal of short hedge funds and prime brokers. The playbook is very similar from attack to attack, and the participating prime brokers and lead shorts are fairly consistent as well.    Typical tactics include the following:    Flooding the offer side of the board - Ultimately the price of a stock is found at the balance point where supply (offer) and demand (bid) for the shares find equilibrium. This equation happens every day for every stock traded. On days when more people want to buy than want to sell, the price goes up, and, conversely, when shares offered for sale exceed the demand, the price goes down.  The shorts manipulate the laws of supply and demand by flooding the offer side with counterfeit shares. They will do what has been called a short down ladder. It works as follows: Short A will sell a counterfeit share at $10. Short B will purchase that counterfeit share covering a previously open position. Short B will then offer a short (counterfeit) share at $9. Short A will hit that offer, or short B will come down and hit Short A's $9 bid. Short A buys the share for $9, covering his open $10 short and booking a $1 profit.  By repeating this process the shorts can put the stock price in a downward spiral. If there happens to be significant long buying, then the shorts draw from their reserve of "strategic fails-to-deliver" and flood the market with an avalanche of counterfeit shares that overwhelm the buy side demand. Attack days routinely see eighty percent or more of the shares offered for sale as counterfeit. Company news days are frequently attack days since the news will "mask" the extraordinary high volume. It doesn't matter whether it is good news or bad news.  Flooding the market with shares requires foot soldiers to s  the market with counterfeit shares. An off-shore hedge fund devised a remarkably effective incentive program to motivate the traders at certain broker dealers. Each trader was given a debit card to a bank account that only he could access. The trader's performance was tallied, and, based upon the number of shares moved and the other "success" parameters; the hedge fund would wire money into the bank account daily. At the end of each day, the traders went to an ATM and drew out their bribe. Instant gratification.  Global Links Corporation is an example of how wholesale counterfeiting of shares will decimate a company's stock price. Global Links is a company that provides computer services to the real estate industry. By early 2005, their stock price had dropped to a fraction of a cent. At that point, an investor, Robert Simpson, purchased 100%+ of Global Links' 1,158,064 issued and outstanding shares. He immediately took delivery of his shares and filed the appropriate forms with the SEC, disclosing he owned all of the company's stock. His total investment was $5205. The share price was $.00434. The day after he acquired all of the company's shares, the volume on the over-the-counter market was 37 million shares. The following day saw 22 million shares change hands - all without Simpson trading a single share. It is possible that the SEC has been conducting a secret investigation, but that would be difficult without the company's involvement. It is more likely the SEC has not done anything about this fraud.  Massive counterfeiting can drive the stock price down in a matter of hours on extremely high volume. This is called "crashing" the stock and a successful "crash" is a one-day drop of twenty-percent or a thirty-five percent drop in a week. In order to make the crash "stick" or make it more effective, it is done concurrently with all or most of the following:  Media Assault -  The shorts, in order to realize their profit, must ultimately put the victim into bankruptcy or obtain shares at a price much cheaper than what they shorted at. These shares come from the investing public who panics and sells into the manipulation. Panic is induced with assistance from the financial media.  The shorts have "friendly" reporters with the Dow Jones News Agency, the  Wall Street Journal ,  Barrons , the  New York Times , Gannett Publications ( USA Today  and the  Arizona Republic ), CNBC and others. The common thread: A number of the "friendly" reporters worked for The  , an Internet advisory service that short hedge-fund managers David Rocker and Jim Cramer owned. This alumni association supported the short attack by producing slanted, libelous, innuendo laden stories that disparaged the company, as it was being crashed.  One of the more outrageous stories was a front-page story in  USA Today  during a short crash of TASER's stock price in June 2005. The story was almost a full page and the reporter concluded that TASER's electrical jolt was the same as an electric chair - proof positive that TASERs did indeed kill innocent people. To reach that conclusion the reporter over estimated the TASER's  by a factor of one million times. This "mistake" was made despite a detailed technical briefing by TASER to seven  USA Today  editors two weeks prior to the story. The explanation "Due to a mathematical error" appeared three days later - after the damage was done to the stock price.  Jim Cramer, in a video-taped interview with The  , best described the media function:  >When (shorting) ... The hedge fund mode is to not do anything remotely truthful, because the truth is so against your view, (so the hedge funds) create a new 'truth' that is development of the fiction... you hit the brokerage houses with a series of orders (a short down ladder that pushes the price down), then we go to the press. You have a vicious cycle down - it's a pretty good game.  This interview, which is more like a confession, was never supposed to get on the air; however, it somehow ended up on YouTube. Cramer and The   have made repeated efforts, with some success, to get it taken off of YouTube.  Analyst Reports -  Some alleged independent analysts were actually paid by the shorts to write slanted negative ratings reports. The reports, which were represented as being independent, were ghost written by the shorts and disseminated to coincide with a short attack. There is congressional testimony in the matter of Gradiant Analytic and Rocker Partners that expands upon this. These libelous reports would then become a story in the aforementioned "friendly" media. All were designed to panic small investors into selling their stock into the manipulation.  Planting moles in target companies -  The shorts plant "moles" inside target companies. The moles can be as high as directors or as low as janitors. They steal confidential information, which is fed to the shorts who may feed it to the friendly media. The information may not be true, may be out of context, or the stolen documents may be altered. Things that are supposed to be confidential, like SEC preliminary inquiries, end up as front-page news with the short-friendly media.  Frivolous SEC investigations -  The shorts "leak" tips to the SEC about "corporate malfeasance" by the target company. The SEC, which can take months processing Freedom of Information Act requests, swoops in as the supposed "confidential inquiry" is leaked to the short media.  The plethora of corporate rules means the SEC may ultimately find minor transgressions or there may be no findings. Occasionally they do uncover an Enron, but the initial leak can be counted on to drive the stock price down by twenty-five percent. The announcement of no or little findings comes months later, but by then the damage that has been done to the stock price is irreversible. The San Francisco office of the SEC appears to be particularly close to the short community.  Class Action lawsuits -  Based upon leaked stories of SEC investigations or other media exposes, a handful of law firms immediately file class-action shareholder suits. Milberg Weiss, before they were disbanded as a result of a Justice Department investigation, could be counted on to file a class-action suit against a company that was under short attack. Allegations of accounting improprieties that were made in the complaint would be reported as being the truth by the short friendly media, again causing panic among small investors.  Interfering with target company's customers, financings, etc. -  If the shorts became aware of clients, customers or financings that the target company was working on, they would call and tell lies or otherwise attempt to persuade the customer to abandon the transaction. Allegedly the shorts have gone so far as to bribe public officials to dissuade them from using a company's product.  Pulling margin from long customers -  The clearinghouses and broker dealers who finance margin accounts will suddenly pull all long margin availability, citing very transparent reasons for the abrupt change in lending policy. This causes a flood of margin selling, which further drives the stock price down and gets the shorts the cheap long shares that they need to cover. (Click here for more on  .  Paid bashers -  The shorts will hire paid bashers who "invade" the message boards of the company. The bashers disguise themselves as legitimate investors and try to persuade or panic small investors into selling into the manipulation. (Click here for  .     This is not every trick the shorts use when they are crashing the stock. Almost every victim company experiences most or all of these tactics.       How Pervasive Is This?    At any given point in time more than 100 emerging companies are under attack as described above. This is not to be confused with the day-to-day shorting that occurs in virtually every stock, which is purportedly about thirty percent of the daily volume.  The success rate for short attacks is over ninety percent-a success being defined as putting the company into bankruptcy or driving the stock price to pennies. It is estimated that 1000 small companies have been put out of business by the shorts. Admittedly, not every small company deserves to succeed, but they do deserve a level playing field.  The secrecy that surrounds the shorts, the prime brokers, the DTC and the regulatory agencies makes it impossible to accurately estimate how much money has been stolen from the investing public by these predators, but the total is measured in billions of dollars. The problem is also international in scope.  To learn more go to
Fuck Apex Clearing
In light of the Robin Hood cluster  storm
I just got into the GME yesterday as soon as I saw all of this going on, are there any other apps you would use to continue sticking it to the suits? This place is amazing with how well most of the community is sticking together and holding out in the light of the big guys trying to force us out.
The REVENGE BUYS ARE COMING. Dont you dare sell your BB or NOK. The GME shorts end Friday - that’s when this shit is really supposed to squeeze. STAY IN STAY IN STAY IN. BB REVENGE BUY IS COMING.
People are rallying  . Do not get scared - they want people to sell and lower the SP so that they can recoup and buy back at a lower price now that they have to cover. Quit making it easy for them.  We have politicians, public figures, every news channel. Price is going to surge. Hold strong
INSTEAD OF ROBINHOOD: WHAT? LIST OPTIONS AND REFERRAL LINKS HERE
I know you have links. Give them to me. And us. Those of us now betrayed by RH.
AOC Calling the freezes “a serious matter”, and should lead to “potential investigations”.
Winklevoss Twins on CNBC were on for an interview right now and it got real testy
Thoughts???
If you are holding a loss, but were able to make some gains along the way, make sure you understand wash sale rules before realizing your loss.
I made some money. I bought some more shares on the way up. Due tomorrow First in-First out sales, I now have a sizeable loss here.   I know that there are rules to consider on when I can sell my loss and use that to offset gains.  I am not an advisor, not do I understand all the rules, but holding the loss for at least 31 days should allow me to use my loss to offset any gains I get this year.  TL:DR; I'm keep my stocks and will realize my loss later to make sure I didn't wash-trade.
AOC!!!
IF YOU JUST REALIZED HOW FAR BIG MONEY IS WILLING TO GO AND ARE BOTHERED BY IT
USA traders: CALL BROKERAGES LIKE THE BOOMERS USED TO DO TO PLACE ORDERS IF YOU HAVE TO. HOLD YOUR POSITIONS.   EVERYONE ELSE: TELL EVERYONE AND THEIR MOM TO JOIN THE FIGHT. BUY $GME. HOLD $GME.   TOMORROW a shit ton of contracts will still end ITM and jack the price up into the stratosphere again.   WE GOT THIS. KEEP UP THE PRESSURE YOU BEAUTIFUL BASTARDS.
EU GANG ORDER GME VIA ING  🤚🏻 🤚🏻 🤚🏻 🤚🏻
EU GANG ORDER GME VIA ING  🤚🏻 🤚🏻 🤚🏻 🤚🏻  EU GANG ORDER GME VIA ING  🤚🏻 🤚🏻 🤚🏻 🤚🏻  EU GANG ORDER GME VIA ING  🤚🏻 🤚🏻 🤚🏻 🤚🏻  EU GANG ORDER GME VIA ING  🤚🏻 🤚🏻 🤚🏻 🤚🏻  EU GANG ORDER GME VIA ING  🤚🏻 🤚🏻 🤚🏻 🤚🏻  EU GANG ORDER GME VIA ING  🤚🏻 🤚🏻 🤚🏻 🤚🏻
Guys.. we are smarter than this! We cannot buy because there is no float left!
Melvin obviously burnt and not able to sell more.  MMs everywhere not allowing to buy.. It could very well be there is simply no more float left to buy.  Someone with access to data please verify the number of trades with outstanding float!  The prophesied squeeze is coming!
DON'T LET THE VULTURE CAPITALISTS WIN!
We can show them who's really in charge. They want to drain our economy? Let's drain them.
Just bought GME on TD AMERITRADE!
Let’s get Apple to drop robinhood by leaving bad reviews!
Let’s do this! Fuck them, fucking sell outs.
What app can I use that will be able me to let me transfer and use those funds today? I’m trying to buy because the price is so low!
Schwab allows buying and selling
Bought 8 more shares on the drop! $GME BUY AND HOLD!
Webull blocking purchases of GME and AMC
So apparently RobinHood is trash, where should a complete new person start to drop a few hundred into this trash fire?
Like, completely new.  Simpler and more straightforward the better.
You can buy AMC on cashapp!
Title
I really miss my boyfriend. Gme has consumed him
AMC on fidelity
Just bought some AMC shares in fidelity.  HOLD THE LINE!!!
Nakd
What happened?? Thought we were going to the moon. Or is everyone just focusing on GameStop right now?
All my $AMC $BB $GME $NOK holders, STAND YOUR GROUND. This is just a scare tactic for us to sell our shares. HOLD and you'll be rewarded.  💰
We're in it together, don't be a fucking paper hand little boy. We're men. We're    until these hedge funds go bankrupt.
There better be War Vet hats when all this is over.
10k In and holding the line OOOOORAH
E-trade account errors when making account

I don't want to hear another pundit say a word about market manipulation
Today RobinHood stopped allowing purchasing shares of GameStop.  2 hours later, their hedge fund buddies organized a short ladder attack with multiple trading halts, with the knowledge that a ton of retail shareholders are permanently out of play if their stop loss gets triggered.  I've never protested anything in my life, but if nobody gets cuffed for this, I'll be first one in the streets.
AOC is on our side!!!
RH strangle loss porn.

A commendation to all the people mobilising on other platforms and fuck RH
I thought they were the good guys for the longest time
Boys I think this should give us all reassurance. It did with me :)
PUT YOUR SPACESUITS BACK ON
’s for the strong. KEEP HOLDING ON
THIS IS PHYCOLOGY BUY GME BUY BUY AND HOLD!!! THIS IS PHYCOLOGY BUY GME BUY BUY AND HOLD!!! THIS IS PHYCOLOGY BUY GME BUY BUY AND HOLD!!! THIS IS PHYCOLOGY BUY GME BUY BUY AND HOLD!!! THIS IS PHYCOLOGY BUY GME BUY BUY AND HOLD!!! THIS IS PHYCOLOGY BUY GME BUY BUY AND HOLD!!!
Something is becoming painfully obvious...
It's clear that MSM and Wall street work hand in hand. We can see who invests into these companies (JP Morgan, Goldman Sachs, Wells Fargo, etc). They use the media to lie about the markets and create fear to make us sell while they swoop in and buy.   The MSM pretend to be against wall street BUT ARE FUNDED BY THE SAME BILLIONAIRES they pretend to hate.  It's also clear the government works with them. In the 2008 financial crisis while most Americans were losing their homes, The federal reserve (The vice chairman was Janet Yellen who is our CURRENT Secretary of Treasury) bailout the banks. They did the same thing with this "lock down" which was the greatest wealth transfer in history. We had to liquidate our investments to pay rent and loans WHILE THE DAMN BANKS GOT BAILOUTS!! (No rainy day money?)  It's also clear that Hollywood, music, and Academia are involved in some weird way. They are also funded by massive financiers and bank corporations (I know you Autists can find a good info graphic to prove it).   WSB... YOU ARE BREAKING THEIR GRIP. They are afraid. They call us nazi and white supremacists because they are afraid. They have a strangle hold on our country and around the world but look at what we can do if we organize against them.   They will try to nuke this subreddit, nuke telegram, nuke Signal, and keep trying to suppress the people...  But we now know that even Gods can bleed...  HOLD THE LINE!!! 📈      📈
Keep records of your trades, and not just for taxes!
Shenanigans beget shenanigans. Undoubtedly what was experienced today was a coordinated effort to dodge financial liability for poor financial decisions. Locking out investors - and in some cases repeatedly canceling limit buys - is a low blow to retail investors.  Whether or not you're staying with platforms like Robinhood, keep up to date records of your transactions independent of whomever you're trading through. Do not rely - do not trust - platforms to be around or keep accurate track of your trades. Be it for taxes,  lawsuits , whatever.  Keep Calm and Hold On.
Is this freaking "removing stocks" legal?
German broker app TradeRepublic now also blocks buying GME, NOK, BB, and more
I WAS LOYAL TO U WEBULL 😾
We're not going down without a fight! We're the voice of the little man! The man in the gutter! The man on the streets! The man that fights the man!
It aint over yet
DON'T SELL! CNN IS ON OUR SIDE!
To our friends around the world.
Your support is working! RH and Wall Street played a huge hand today and we're recouping the losses in a huge way. We're pushing them back and it is largely due to everyone realizing how good this stock is! GameStop. Power to the PEOPLE!!! Dont falter now, let's take it back!!!!
IF YOU STILL LIKE THIS STOCK DON’T GET SCARED... GET EXCITED, HOLD, AND BUY THE DIPS IF YOU CAN!! RH AND OTHERS WILL HAVE TO ANSWER FOR THEIR ACTIONS
Master List of Brokerage Apps for New Investors in GME
Robinhood: Prohibits buying GME, AMC, NAKD, etc.    Webull: Should be fine, requires state ID and multiple business days to verify   Public: Currently prohibiting buys, supposedly working on it, requires account approval   Vanguard: Does not require state ID, should allow trades, requires multiple business days   Revolut: Requires approval, currently investigating   212: Cannot create new accounts as of \~11:40 EST, may still allow trades   Fidelity: Should allow trades, requires multiple days for bank transfers   Stash: May work, extremely laggy atm.     Created this list to help people who want to make an impact but have no idea what they're doing, because that's what I am at this moment.   BEST OF LUCK MY COMPATRIOTS. HOLD THE LINE. NOT ONE STEP BACK.   FOR THE PEOPLE!
Anyone having issues buying GME on Freetrade?
Bought shares but not received confirmation
Above $115 on Friday to trigger the GME squeeze?
A few days ago even being at $207 was considered a pipe dream.  Since then we've seen the lofty heights of $450 before crashing down to earth while the shorts by and sell to one another (see: low volume)  Now the original thesis was that a price of $115 or higher would trigger the short squeeze this Friday.  I haven't heard anything about this today amongst all the doom and gloom.   Is this now disproven or does it still stand?  Perhaps somebody much smarter than me can chime in here. Because if it's still stands it is a further compelling reason to FUCKING HOLD!!!
WHERE CAN I BUY
I don't live in the USA, but I wanna go to the moon with y'all, can I get suggestions before the squeeze??
GET IN YOUR SHIPS BOYS WERE HEADING TO THE MOON $NOK $NOK $NOK
Class Action Lawsuit For Suspending Trading of GME etc.
Suspending trading of these stocks has lost a lot of us money today. We need a law firm to initiate a class action lawsuit on our behalf against all of the retail trading platforms that have suspended the trading of these stocks. If you represent a law firm - this needs to happen. They need to know this is NOT ok.
HOLD THE LINE
MEME STOCKS ARE RECOVERING SLOWLY
My total loss (i have GME NOK and BB) went from -100$ to -60$, We are recovering, slowly but surely HOLD THE LINE YOU RETARDS  🤲🤲🤲🤲
Ally won't let me buy $GME so I sold all 150 shares of ALLY
With Webull and Robinhood restricting buys, what are the options?
Is there anyway to open a brokerage account with a less corrupt institution and get your money moved in time? If so where and how? I have an account with E Trade and they might still allow buys on these symbols but a normal ACH transfer takes 3 days lol.
$GME $AMC My Baby Momma AOC to the rescue
Processing img wmz0269nt3e61...
Lol the dude on CNBC is such a passive aggressive douche
These people are actual scum bags
This is the meaning of diamond hands, people!
I don’t know jack about stocks. But I know about tactics, and motivation of the human spirit, and we are at war right now. You aren’t holding the line when there’s no battle. You’re holding the line when the attacks you with everything they’ve got. When it looks like the price is going down, when you see all the ways the big guys are manipulating the market and the media, it’s a show of strength and it can be scary. But that’s when you hold the line. That’s when you fight back. It’s hard, it’s scary, but it is what you do to support not only yourself but the guys and gals next to you. And on top of that, they’re mounting an assault, not because they want to, but because they know they’re fucked. They know if they don’t break us, they’re fucked. That’s how people work. They’re desperate.  We are all here, in this, together. There are people who have their life savings invested into this venture. And I’m holding for those people. I’m holding through the dips, and that is how we are going to come out of this on top.  Hold the line when it’s hard. That is
Webull is manipulating the market also!
We bull has halted trades just like robinhood. They’re just as guilty now!
This was the game plan for today, be patient.
In my opinion, which all anything I say is. Is that Citadel knew the plan was to tank the stock price, and that if they did, RH users would buy in at the $100 price tag in a number unheard of. So they eliminated the option to purchase. This is some serious shit happening.   We were blocked out from buying at a premeditated, manipulated price. Serious litigation needs to be discussed. People that bought in at 300,400. This will rise again, look at the VW squeeze. It dipped its largest before its biggest rise.
BOUGHT AGAIN  🏼🤚🏼
WILL THEY REOPEN BB ON RH
Does anyone know if they’re gonna reopen BB for buying on RH. I got my rocket fueled I’m ready to
My school check just hit
My school check just hit and now I got   to fuck with. WHERE DO I YEET THIS?
Just a lurker but my wife just sent me this, fucking disgusting
HOLD YOU LEGENDS, BALLS OF ADAMANTIUM!!!
nok amc on cashapp
You can join Cashapp with code ZWLKSRB YOU GET 5$ FOR ROCKET STOCKS LETS GOO BOIIIISSSSS
AMC FOR THE WIN
Just want to say I’ve changed from the hype train to a hype rocket      .
In for 32 shares of GME
Ride or die with you beautiful bastards. TO THE MOON BABY
LETS GO GME TEM, BACK TO 500 BUY BUY BUY NEW SHORTS TO FUCK
How can you call yourself Robinhood?!
An app with a name based on a character who stole from the rich to give to the   actively manipulating so the common man can't make   HOLDDDDDDDD!!!
Anyone know a way of buying GME in the UK?
GME to the moon
5K more GME baby! Refueling the
This should be illegal
REMEMBER: IT’S ALWAYS DARKEST BEFORE DAWN!!!! HOLD
Pos: GME, AMC, BB.   This is not financial advice, I’m retarded !!!
Guys at this point I'd rather have 0$ in my account than sell what they did is Illegal and unethical and they want you to sell Im begging you DONT WE WILL RISE UP AGAIN
File complaints with FINRA against RH and TDA. Clear manipulation and illegal restrictions on the free trade of securities.

100% HOLD
DO NOT SELL  I AM NOT A FINANCIAL ADVISOR BUT I LIKE THE STOCK                  🏻  🏻  🏻  🏻  🏻  🏻
So market manipulation is okay if it benefits hedge fund managers but not if they suffer? Fuck you Robinhood!
There is no denying that this is market manipulation, we can't let them get away with this. Let the class action lawsuits flow!
Trading under 18?
Are there any services that will allow someone under 18 to buy and sell stocks? I'm trying to get in on GME lol.
BACK TO 260 HOLD THE LINE TOMORROW WE GET REVENGE BUY THE DIPS
Okay I threw 110$ at AMC my first buy let’s see what happens
They're still the ones shitting a brick and worried about what their future will hold not us.
Robin Hood and co are feeling how many here are feeling. I'm feeling good and you should be too. Our future is more certain than theirs. We can sleep with a good conscience.     Stonks only go up.     All these people I hope you all wake up to see would help Jeffrey Epstein unquestioned against your community if people above them told them too.
Where can we buy?
Looks like WeBull and Robinhood have shut us down.  Who has our back and hasn't caved to the man?
Starting to think we should start our own wallstreetbets trading app?
There are enough of us but if we wanted to we could pull together and create a better variation of robin hood to do the things we want to do and not to let large hedge funds take the advantage at the most pinnacle point of the battle. Thoughts?
The Dip is a Dip, Despair Not!
#The narrative of David v. Goliath  has made everyone forget Big Money is on BOTH SIDES  Guys, think of all the times the apps crashed yesterday but the rest of the market could still buy/sell. Prices didn’t collapse.   Notice how guys like Chamath were profiting on calls? Notice how around 1:30pm yesterday (27th), someone traded ~600k at $327? We’re providing cover, and taking all the heat for, other big institutions.   Robinhood being down will tank sentiment for sure, but this has and always was driven by big money on both sides. This has all been contingent on their whims ever since WSB got the ball rolling  #This may be the end, or it might not, but it won’t be due to Robinhood & Co.’s (illegal) restrictions  #TL;DR:       is not financial advice, plz don’t sue :-(
WE HAVE TO HOLD. If we sell the big guys win. This is a fight. HOLD THE LINE. We got this! When things open back up we go back on attack!
Fuck Robinhood WE NEED A HEARING
What happens if all the brokers stop allowing buys?
It looks like most of the brokers are stopping people from buying.  I am a retard but the only outcome I can see from this is that the price drops as people paper out and Melvin etc get themselves out of the hole. We can't push anything upwards. So we can't win because we can't play.  Am I an idiot? Are we fine?
SOFI HAS BLOCKED GME PURCHASES!!!!!!!
PSA: You could still buy BB,NOK on FirstTrade
First trade is a free cost broker and I could still now buy NOK and BB stocks on it, I think you could also buy other trade restricted stocks on it  Im kinda broke so I could only try to buy NOK and BB and it passes through.
Please Read  . An Important Way to Look at Things.   WE LIKE THE STOCK
If none of us are selling, the only selling pressure can be from the institutions. So every bit of downwards pressure only digs them further in the hole. Why would they do this? Because deep down they know just how fucked they really are. They do not want to give up. They hope to discourage main street enough so we give up first. They were too selfish to give up at $40. Too egotistical to give up at $50. Too   desperate   to give up at $100. They know what will happen if they are forced to unload, and will do everything in their power to prevent it. This is   unprecedented   They can drive it down TEMPORARILY, but the only way this blows up is if the people who got it here let fear win. Of course, do not risk more than you are willing to lose, but do not let fear and manipulation win yet again. After all, WE LIKE THE STOCK
Help
I’m very new to this, where should I invest right now?
I am witnessing Reddit change history and I couldn’t be prouder
Revolut started to work. Just bought more $GME
I like $GME stock
50 YEARS INTO THE FUTURE
You watch your grandchildren playing. But you can't play with them. Why? You are sitting on your bed, waiting for your death. You are remembering all the beautiful and sorrow memories, when one of them suddenly kicks you.   It's about the days when social media was in heights and you were a part of r/wallstreetbets  . You remember one of your biggest mistakes, which would have changed your life- like forever. It's the mistake 1000s of other loses made, and went into depression forever. Yes, you sold the GME shares because Robinhood didn't allow you to buy them up. You got scared. You peed your pants. You didn't believe your reddit homies when they said "HOLD IT". You take a break from social media for about a week. And then it happens.   You open Reddit. r/wallstreetbets is on trending. You almost forget about the Hedge funds shit. And then you see it. DFV posting his gains. He has officially bought Reddit. How? Because the reddit homies who said "HOLD IT" won. GME to $20000. And you sold it at $200, and lived like a depressed piece of shit.   Want this to happen? No right? Then fucking HOLD IT
Which brokerages still allow trading in GME?
There are a lot of people stuck out in the cold right now, unable to trade in several stocks, including GME. Which brokerages are still allowing trading in GME?
AOC calling for hearings into Robinhood!
Dang
They are really laying it on us today. I'm holding ill ride to 0
Robinhood
SEC market manipulation by robinhood
They can only control us because we use their currency. I'm sure you can figure out the rest.
AMC
Was thinking of buying some off cashapp, is anyone else still buying this stock? Will it grow like gamestop?
Please read and upvote this!! If you are contemplating selling and need support I HIGHLY suggest reading this post, live GME chat link inside.
Listen, don't sell. it'll be okay.  Firstly, since I hope you're still reading:     Live hype GME chat support, you don't have to update like the WSB GME sub. Amazing support. This has kept me going through thick and thin, and its on slow mode. It is so quality. Please join, you will not regret it at all. Shareholders get scared on the drop because we they aren't sure if everyone on WSB is selling and holding and have no way of contacting them and hearing their support in real time.  Every dip, this chat has told me to hold; I have never regretted holding since, and don't regret it now.  Now onto more details about what just happened;  You can tell by volume this is a short ladder attack. The bid ask spread is ridiculous; this thing will rocket like no other. They just lost capital trying to get us to sell, but NOBODY has SOLD. Breathe and hold; we have seen this thing run up 100-300 dollars in one day alone; this is the endgame. Everyone in this sub has your back.  Secondly, this is what they expected. In short, by not letting Robinhood users buy shares or options, they killed the momentum (by not letting them buy shares) and killed / reversed the gamma squeeze (occurs when calls are ITM, but since they wouldn't allow Robinhood users to buy any , they didn't need to sell as many and consequently hedge by buying shares. They are scum and this is illegal; and I know one day they will get justice. But for now, we have to ride it out until this restriction lifts.   There's something about being a part of this that is amazing. All buying on Robinhood is closed for GME, which was an attempt to kill momentum and halt the gamma squeezes (in my opinion). But hold. History will be made here one way or another. Be on the right side of it.  They can try whatever shit they want; but they don't realize that everyone on this sub is an idiot and has nothing to lose. I will never sell, and I know you won't either. You're stronger than that.  Edit: Also, look at what's happening now. They gave it everything they got to manipulate this shit down to 122, and now with every halt the trend is reversing; jumped to 155 to 196, and probably even higher next where it will get halted again. This will be okay. Put your phone down if you need to.  Edit2: Stock price is 212 now.  This is just my speculation, and is not financial advice. Do what you will with the info, I just wanted to make sure you were educated.  I own GME shares, and like the stock.
I said I wouldn't get involved and keep my investments safe and boring. Then I put in a little bit because screw Melvin Capital. Then Robinhood pulled this BS and now I'm PISSED. I just put in way too much of my portfolio into this garbage. YOU CAN KNOCK US DOWN BUT YOU CAN'T STOP US.
Don't listen to me for investments. I'm just a dumb idiot on a keyboard.
Kasie Hunt!
Mother of God - Ted Cruz and AOC agree on something and it's in defense of us idiots. We're uniting the country!
Almost sold at 130 and then thought about this
When it hit 130 I was shaking. Then I thought to myself.. you know what? Fuck it, if if hits 1 dollar, I just buy more and ride it to the top back again.   Europoor mentality, baby.
GME, BB, AMC HOLD HOLD HOLD‼️   🤲
shares can’t be bought through the mainstream trade sites right now but what about your bank trade sites? bought 500 shares of bb this morning at $  through citi banks trading.  1000 AMC  , 10 GME @300, 500 BB     🤲
WHY GME IS CRASHING
Why the stock prices are going down: Robinhood is currently one of the biggest platform of which people are using to buy volatile stocks (People just started to invest to make money, and Robinhood is the friendliest platform). Robinhood currently blocked the buying option on the volatile stocks, such as NAKD, AMC, GME, NOK. Since people can't buy but can only sell, it is obvious that the price will plummet down. However, when robinhood's trading restriction gets lifted, the prices of the stocks will get stonked, so PLEASE HOLD  TOGETHER UNTIL THEY GO UP DONT SELL!” Copy and pasted.  this is not financial advice.
What they are gonna try and do
In my opinion shorts are prolly starting to be bought currently cause of bail out sells which is why prices has dropped drastically and cause you paper handed p   ies  to sell thinking your gonna lose your ass. thus giving them a better price to buy back shorts. But what I also think they will do is sell once the price get jacked again then as it dips again buy more shorts back common day trading technique maybe I’m correct just my theory any other thoughts? I’m not a financial advisor I’m simply just a male in his late 20’s with half an extra chromy   🏼  🏼 do the thang you’ve been doing if you invested in your life saving and will go bankrupt if it does actually tank be smart we all tarded here but yah no
PLTR Being shorted to prevent huge open interest on 40c Friday. We are failing.
I dont like posting as you get called a pumper...  PLTR was about to go parabolic on Friday as there is huge open interest at 40c.  This is just as criminal as GME, except PLTR is a solid stock with huge future growth. I keep hoping for someone to post about PLTR but its just spam posts on random penny stocks or failing companies. PLTR has been forgotten and it needs to be brought back into the light     1100+ PLTR shares/call spreads 80+ down around -$80k today.  3 GME Stock @ $319
Where can Americans buy GME now?
Are there any options left? I was able to buy 14 shares of AMC on Schwab pre market this morning. But by the time I went to buy the dip in GME around 200 Robinhood and Schwab were locked.
AOC is with us
Apex (SoFi) not allowing AMC purchases now
Continue the fight!
When this is all over (the GME and AMC Stonks) - whenever that is (HOLD THE LINE!!!) - be sure to save a portion of your earnings for the next round as this is an ongoing fight against Wall Street. It's time we finally have a say in the economy and this is just the beginning!
What is the end goal here?
Are we trying to bankrupt Wall Street people or what
US based Cash App is still allowing you to buy GME and AMC
Cash App a company owned by Square Inc. Whose CEO is Jack Dorsey (same CEO of Twitter) has not banned the buying of AMC or GME and the trades are still fee free. I suggest while we wait for RH to reopen its doors we temporarily use Cash App.   Benefits:  RH has limits on instant deposits, Cash App limits are much higher as it pulls from your bank in matter of minutes rather than days.   Harms:  Cash App is rather new to the Brokerage game, and while I’ve never had maintenance issues and glitches it’s very possible higher traffic could cause some.
How and what do I buy?
After doing some more research and coming to the conclusion this does sound fun, what exactly should I buy. GME is way out of my price range and falling, AMC is also falling. Obviously a $100 profit vs a $300 profit when you bought the share for $1 is still a profit, but how do I know which cheap share to get? I guess I could try NOK but with robin hood stopping trades, how do I buy in the first place? Are there other services?
Downloaded robinhood, just to delete it!!!
HOLY SHIT THE LEFT AND RIGHT JUST UNITED
WE'RE COMIN BACK BITCHES. $GME UNTIL $1,000,000 A SHARE
We're climbing back bitches.  I got 9 more shares of this stock. And. I. Like. It.
Too late to invest in GME?
How is this a benefit when I can't buy $GME ?
Revolut ftw
Revolut is allowing some trades, just bought amc
The only way to send a message now is to sell it all and pull your money out of the market.
The market is inflated, it’s time for a 50% correction. I liquidated all of my positions from TD this morning and will get a check sent to me when it settles. Fuck them all.
TD directly calling out RH's BULLSHIT
Volume does not match the price changes
1611881871
LETS GO TO THE MOON
♫ gonna buy some stock, gonna hold it tight ♫
♫ Skyrocket's in Flight♫  ♫Afternoon Delight♫
Bought my first GME through a non-Robinhood brokerage account just now. Those who can, do!!!
Long time reader of this sub for enjoyment only, finally got off my ass and joined the movement! Planning on buying more too as soon as I can! We got this!!
Bought 2 more shares of GME at the dip, its not much, but it’s what I can do. F  K these guys
It’s time we make money and don’t let them bully us into submission.
Take your profit before it vanish into thin air!
The revolution is over, soon all brokerages will restrict trading GME, take your small profit while it is still feasible, before this ranks to $10 again.
What can we do to counter the lockout?
A lot of people came in high and without much bank to help the squeeze on GME.  How can we keep everyone afloat if people are maxed out with frozen brokers?  Aside from diamond hands what else can we do?     I like this stock
HELP, WHERE ARE Y'all BUYING?
i wanna buy more
WSB founder on CNN.
What team is this guy playing for???
STEADY BOYS!!!
Petition to investigate Robinhood’s market manipulation! (Not mine, I‘m just advertising)
bought all the way up. and all the way down. now I'm all in. grab your nuts and enjoy the ride. it's my first   to the moon. gamestop. can't stop. won't stop.
AOC wants the House to investigate Robbinghood
EUROPEAN HERE, WE'RE NOT GIVING UP ON YOU AMERICANS. WE WILL DRINK THE TEARS OF ROBINHOOD AND HEDGE FUND EXECUTIVES. GME TO URANUS!!!
Let's make Occupy Wall Street look like a school field trip.
I will buy 80$ of INPX (   each) It looks like it’s trending and its not on some BS list. Im mostly in red on amc and gme but im not selling. Just trying to soften the blow. So any small hands wanna get on this boat with me?
Im not a financial advisor, i am just a retard. Im holding. Fuck wall st.
AOC to the rescue
Just about 6 shares AMC on Cash App
It’s not much but I am here to support you all!
What app are you guys using to invest ? ( canada)
Merrill Edge blocks trading for GME
Don't know how many of you are with Bank of America / Merrill edge.  Today they blocked me from GME, they have clearly taken the wrong side, and I can no longer trust them to hold my money and make investments in the future.  I plan to move my money to Chase bank and use chase investment tools, as they have not block trading. Anyone using Chase able to confirm they still allow GME? Anyone with other banks/investment tools have a better option?
I've never bothered about stocks and share my entire life but today I'm watching Gamestop shares live on my phone. I'M ROOTING FOR ALL OF YOU! HOLD!!!
I don't have any dogs in this race but I want you guys to win.  HOLD!!!!!!!!!!  I never realised watching stock prices could be so exciting.  Is this what you guys normally do for fun?
LOSE FOR GLORY
Positions: SPY 370/365P and 1000 shares of AMC at    Simple fucking math you clowns, a loss of a few hundred dollars for most of us while painful, it is manageable because it is    WORTH IT    if we can sentence them to death by a thousand cuts. What’s 1000 times the population of this casino? Enough to fuck up Wall Streets day, week, month and year.   >>>HOLD THE FUCKING LINE YOU WEAK HANDED TROGLODYTES. HOLD AND YOU’LL HELP CHANGE THE WORLD. LOSE WITH PRIDE BECAUSE WE WILL TAKE THEM DOWN WITH US.
Hey, here is a petition to sue Robinhood!
From now on, we need to boycott every single YouTuber who promotes Robinhood
We need to take action against Robinhood for turning their back in us.
GME to the moon or a smoking crater, I don't care which
Down 5% since buying the dip and I don't even care.  HOLDING THIS LIKE MY LIFE DEPENDS ON IT
did i just fuck myself over?
im new to trading, only been trading for a couple months. i use robinhood, because i couldnt buy gamstop this morning i decided to purchase an etf that had gamestop in it. i ended up buying and selling some stocks and almost hit my day trade limit (didnt even know it was a thing until now...) but robinhood game me the warning. so now im basically pulled out of everything and if i wanted to make another trade i cant or else ill get the pattern trade protection and get locked out fo my account for 90 days :(. so now all i can do it sit and watch as all the fun goes by... this sucks
THIS IS THE CLIMB UP, HOLD TF ON
Ditch Webull. They are now a puppet of the Citadel.
You don't own me! Just bought more GME!
Refueling for the next ride!
WEBULL IS DOING IT TOO!!!

Citadel securities pays RH for trade routing. Citadel securities also bailed out Melvin Capital.
Lawyers of WSBs: What are the legal options for the people of WSBs?
There are, last I heard, about 3 Million subscribers to WSBs. That should be more than enough to put some serious legal pressure on the people involved trying to manipulate the market to push the price of GME down.  I'm not talking about if they lose money specifically. I'm talking about going after all the people that have been manipulating things in the background to stop what's happening.     For example:    Robinhood only allowing people to sell GME shares.   Trading platforms halting trading for GME all together.   Different clearinghouses/Hedge Funds conspiring with each other to drive the price down?
Riding it to wherever it takes me 👊
I got in late and high. It didn’t take much for me to turn for red. I, like a lot of others, were initially gonna make a quick buck from an immense screw up from some salty old guys playing with other peoples money.   I’m looking at a half destroyed holding in my portfolio, unable to buy more because our Robin of Sherwood Forest has teamed up with the Sheriff of Nottingham.   This truly has become “more than”  Fuck their double downs. Fuck unjust regulations. Fuck companies that tweet “let the people trade” and then actively change permissions to stop the people from trading.   Imma ride this shit to the ground if that’s where it goes. I like this stock.
They think they won
Hold BB GME  Hold the world is watching  Just HOLD A BIT LONGER!!!
Stop limit question
I had a stop limit set for $50 and it got filled at 120. What is up with that?
HOLD on that GME! World's here for y'all
PUBLIC trading app stopped trading GME. Last one?
Is there any left?
Bbw down, do I buy more? Only thing I could buy this morning
HOLD YOUR POSITIONS. TOMORROW WE WIN BIG.
Big dick energy 🥲
GME Stonks go up and down just like Melvin Wanted.
You fucking retards. This is just a manipulation game.  Shorters are fucked- they know they are fucked and the big day they have to pay up is Friday supposedly. So they know GME is getting mass publicity, with thousands getting in to buy shares. So they let it run up all week til Thursday. All week they manipulate the news and attack our communication.  Specifically however, they manipulate brokers on Thursday so you can’t buy. They then attack the stock to drop the price, which scares us to sell our shares, which they want. Price is also nice and low but guess what, not as many new smart retards can buy back in.  So they get the price to drop and they shake out more shares so they don’t get squeezed as bad or at all. They win.  (I’m not experienced investing, but I spent 4 years learning manipulation from our Orange Leader, this shit is easy to see now. And a lot of the DD I read in the last week and a half KNEW THIS WAS COMING)  So tomorrow is the real big day. GO DO SOMETHING EISE, Eat crayons, play video games, fap to anime giris... BUT DONT SELL YET.  That said              -Not financial advice-     (Also hi! First post, I’ve lurked here since last may, nice to care enough to contribute)
The shortbusting will continue, Wall Street just want to be the ones who do it
GME is still over 100% short, hedge funds who shorted it are still going to get fucked, the plan is still working. What we're seeing here isn't a bail out of the hedge funds that shorted it, what we're seeing is institutions trying to steal /r/WallStreetBets's position. There's no loyalty on Wall St. There's blood in the water and the big shorts are going to get busted. The only issue the big investors have with what is happening right now is that they're not the ones who will make the money.  They know the short squeeze is coming and they know that the people who stand the most to gain from it are the people who already own GME. So they set all the retail investor platforms to "sell only" and buy it up themselves. The rocket is still fueled and still going to the moon, they're just trying to steal your seat before it launches.
ONLY GME
Stop talking about others stocks and focus on this one! The fight is on GME! We can still do it! HOLD! And if you can, BUY THE DIP!
RO KHANNA IS ALSO WITH US
When Ted Cruz and AOC agree on something, you know you either did something very very bad or something very very good.
All in . And holding
🖕🏻
TD AMERITRADE
Allows all
It looks like FINRA handles issues with being barred from buying
Complaint center:     Complaint form:
Market Makers are buying the shares.
There are obviously sellers, and for ever sale, there is a buyer.  The market makers are buying the sold shares and covering their asses
GME - put in a sell order. For $5000. Who’s with me?
Name your price kids. Sky’s the limit
Apex Clearing restricts GME, AMC, KOSS to closing only.
Chase is taking trades
FYI I just got a bunch of trades in that were blocked on other platforms. Just a heads up.
To the Retail Brokers:
Who ever gives unrestricted trading will get 4mil new customers. Period. Easiest business decisions you could ever make.   Who’s out: Robinhood Apex TDA  After this whole thing is done I plan on closing all accounts with the above and move to the platform that actually serves its customers.   Pos: GME, CCIV, ARKK
BA UAL DIS ABNB
TRAVEL STOCKS UP NEXT
FUCK YOU; I BOUGHT ANOTHER SHARE DURING THE DIP, YOU WALL ST ASSHATS!
Which Stock Companies still allow you to buy shares in GameStop, Blackberry, Nokia etc?
Drop them here for the people yet to invest...
Here’s Another Way to Find the Next Potential Short   for thought
SHOW THE WORLD WHO WE ARE: DONATE TO CHARITY
Congratulations to all you fucking idiots, you did it again.   I’ve been here for just over a year now, so I know how this shit rolls. The three million or what the fuck ever newbies do not.    With so many of you cunts having made thousands of dollars individually, and hundreds of millions cumulatively, you CANNOT FORGET WHAT WSB IS ABOUT.   With gain porn always came CHARITY PORN! St. Jude’s, the Autism Foundation, and food banks are no strangers to our love.  DONATE SOME OF YOUR PROFITS. THE WORLD IS WATCHING, SO SPREAD THE LOVE AND SHOW THEM WHAT WE ARE ABOUT.   Apes together strong 💪   Note: GME to the fucking Kuiper belt but my retarded ass sold 12 shares at $27...
AOC at it again
Trading Re-commenced, Volume a Bit Light,
Volume traded is fucking minor and it’s causing this swing. HOLD. BUY.
☝️
Citadel Securities Processes Most of WeBulls Transactions...
Not sure how long WeBull will last for trading $GME... thought this was super interesting though.
Citadel backs RH and works with TD, and they’re set to be the big losers... This all makes sense now.

Who's buying GME and other stocks that Robinhood is restricting retail clients from purchasing?
Aren't brokers such as Robinhood suppose to put buyers and sellers together and take a commission from the transaction? If Robinhood is only allowing the sales of GME, AMC, BB, etc, who is on the other side of the transaction? Who is buying the stock that Robinhood is only allowing retail customers to sale?
STICK TOGETHER AND HOLD FOREVER
THE FUCKING WORLD IS WATCHING US RIGHT NOW AND GUESS WHAT? THEY HAVE OUR BACKS  DONT FALL INTO THE HEDGE FUNDS TRAP OF TRYING TO SCARE US INTO SELLING  WE HAVE SUPPORT FROM BOTH SIDES OF GOVERNMENT AND MULTIPLE HUGE PUBLIC FIGURES  THE STOCK IS DROPPING BECAUSE NOBODY CAN BUY EXCEPT HEDGE FUNDS RIGHT NOW, THE SAME FUCKING HEDGE FUNDS WHO ARE HAVING BROKERS STOP PURCHASING  THEY ARE DOING THIS TO MAKE THE STOCK PRICE PLUMMET WHILE COVERING THEIR SHORTS AND THEY WILL SUCCEED IF WE DONT STICK TOGETHER AND HOLD  THE FUNDS ARE PUSHED INTO A FUCKING CORNER RIGHT NOW  THIS IS THE TIME OF RECKONING, THIS IS THE TIME FOR CHANGE  ITS OUR FUCKING TURN FOR GLORY  tldr IM ALL IN GME AND AMC AND IM NEVER FUCKING SELLING
AMC hit hard. Wonder if they will recover!
Do not sell! They are trying to scare you but we are too autistic to be afraid! WE FLY BROTHERS
When we find our law firm there are plenty of summer legal interns here in the fold
Just saying. Free summer labor to help the cause. Let them know!
📄🤝 never prosper
YES
Processing img b28ddc81t3e61...
MIA KHALIFA CAN TELL THAT WE GETTING FUCKED RIGHT NOW
Finance Media's GameStop Meltdown and the Thin Moral Pretexts of Wall Street's Game Rigging
People who successfully bought on an alternative to RH: share with everyone on this sub. Which platform, and was it quick to register and deposit?
AOC regarding the Robinhood freeze of GME
WHY GME IS CRASHING
Why the stock prices are going down: Robinhood is currently one of the biggest platform of which people are using to buy volatile stocks (People just started to invest to make money, and Robinhood is the friendliest platform). Robinhood currently blocked the buying option on the volatile stocks, such as NAKD, AMC, GME, NOK. Since people can't buy but can only sell, it is obvious that the price will plummet down. However, when robinhood's trading restriction gets lifted, the prices of the stocks will get stonked, so PLEASE HOLD  TOGETHER UNTIL THEY GO UP DONT SELL!” Copy and pasted.  this is not financial advice.
stand strong! united we will rise! divided we will fall!
Entry price   I did it all for you guys
So when they make a movie on this moment
Whats the title gonna be & who is going to be the main actor/actress?
I dropped out of highschool 3 years ago and just lost $140,000.
and guess what, IM NOT SELLING. HOLD.
Me and all you retards when the $GME squeeze happens
Not selling you retards!
Oooooooga boooooooga!!!   Don’t sell  Your welcome
I'm opening Rope Store on Wall Street
Any investors? 🤣
Some how some way we either will win or there will be vengeance. We are never going to stop
I do not know what the future holds except for the fact as a community we will be fueled with anger immensely against the system. Even more so then we did before. The war has just begun.
PELOSI
AOC bringing the rocket fuel
How much you wanna bet that shorts are the only ones allowed to buy?
Shorts are probably allowed to cover their positions while everyone else gets fucked over
By the way, we’re international news, not just business news.
It looks like the fucking black friday but WE STILL HOLDING  EVERYTHING
GO TO ZERO TRADE TO BUY $GME $NOK $AMC AND THE OTHERS
I’m making the switch from Robinhood to Fidelity. Robinhood is charging $75 to transfer my assets, but I see it as a divorce settlement. They’re dead to me after this.
Opt out of a corrupt legacy system and choose Open Finance
GME it's alive !
Just HOLD bastards. AMC i'm worried about
SECOND POST TODAY BUT YOLO IT. IVE BOUT 3 DAMN DIPS TODAY AND IM NOT SELLING. TELL YOUR AUNTIE YOUR MOM YOUR BROTHER THAT THEY NEED TO BUCKLE UP WE AINT SELLING YET BABY
The most accurate take of whats happening with Citadel/Robinhood/GME
IT IS TIME TO TAKE A STAND AGAINST ROBIN HOOD FOR THERE MARKET MANIPULATION. WE SHOULD HAVE THE RIGHT TO BUY AND SELL AS WE CHOOSE. GO RATE THEM IN THE APP STORE RIGHT NOW. 📈📈📈 GME TO THE MOON
Just a reminder...
Don’t just hold. BUY NOW AT THE DISCOUNT!!!
Hypocrisy at its finest....
Calls to regulate an open forum internet board are being yelled from the tops of hedge funds, but social media can post whatever they want.....   Processing img i9a4377ss3e61...
In the midst of bad publicity Robin Hood has changed their logo
Its almost lunch guys! Let's send AMC and GME to the       while the 1% eat sammies back on earth
BUY BUY BUY these dips and hold them it will pay off in the long run
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOO
Will BB skyrocket?
Hi, first time share buyer and 15 year old here. Been reading up on BB and the whole GME situation. Put roughly 70 dollars into BB (5 shares,   per share). Do you think I'll be going plus? In the dream case that it reaches 500+ like GME I'd be getting 2500 if I've counted right, but that just feels unbelievable and too good to be true.  What do you all think? Will BB skyrocket?
I BELIEVE IN MY BROTHERS WE WILL HOLD AND BUY EVERY DIP WE CAN, TODAY IS THE DAY WE SHOW THESE FUCKERS WHAT WR ARE MADE OUT OF
Our time is nigh, let not the attacks of the wicked discourage thee. We shall not be oppressed!!!
Confirm Can't Place Buy Order for $GME on Schwab
As we all know by now, TD and Robinhood etc. have halted purchasing of WSB stocks just earlier today. I use Charles Schwab, and while trying to place more buy orders for $GME I encountered multiple errors like the ticker not loading in at the confirm transaction page until a notification came up saying that they will be restricting trading of "volatile stocks". I tried calling their support number but was left on hold with their usual pre-recorded market info guy droning on. Funny thing is the guy's voice sounded way more tired than usual, and when he got to mentioning "certain cohorts of retail investors" who are mass-buying highly shorted stocks as a challenge to hedge funds I could visibly hear his voice shaking. I waited longer but they just fucking hung up on me without any notice. Whatever we're doing, it's working, fuck the hedgies and the exchanges that are in bed with them, this shit can't possibly be legal. We need to bring a fucking class action lawsuit against all of these motherfuckers for restricting trade and not even letting us speak to customer support about it.
SEC definition of market manipulation. Clear textbook definition of what happened today by robinhood
BUY NOKIA ON CASH APP
Nokia is open on cashapp let’s start buying ladies   try to slow us down !!!
They are using the stimulus money and the bailout money that they STOLE FROM US against us right now. HOLD THE LINE!
Is a Gamma squeeze back on the table for tm?
If we close higher than the highest strike with significantly fewer people opening OTM positions because of a Robinhood shutdown the MM would not have been able to hedge correctly and therefore would need to purchase shares. Am I totally retarded or does that make sense?
TD AMERITRADE - THINKORSWIM - ALLOWING GME - GOGOGO
Can someone explain GME spread?
Bid is $194 and Asked is 5,000.
Fuck you robinhood
AOC IS IN THE TRENCHES FOR US
Do you feel that?
There was shift - a movement - from fun gains to going after the suits.  The same people who ruined the economy in 2008 are the same people who are trying to destroy the movement.  This is the first time in years that WE ARE ALL UNIFIED.  Fuck the suits.  This is not the end, this only the beginning of the people taking back which was stolen from them.  They can’t restrict trading on specific securities forever.  And if they do, another brokerage will pop up who allows those securities to be traded.  It hurts their bottom line.  Once they let up we attack again.  They can shut wsb down, but they can’t silence our voices.  They’ve fueled the fire.  And to think it all started when Citron exposed their position. Remember we have the money and the numbers.  It’s up to all of us to keep this movement alive.  I’m proud to be one you fucking tards.  As always, fuck you and congrats.
#GameStopNeverStop
This is about the freedom to buy what stocks you want. It is not the place of these companies to tell us what we can and can't buy.  GME hold forever!
Trumpers and libs uniting over GME
[Former hedge fund investor] as a former associate at one of the top 4 long/short funds in the world, just fyi that the current price drop is just due to trading being restricted. Once it’s lifted after volume cools down, GME and AMC etc. will shoot back up with the buy backlog.
Actually it seems to already be recovering...
Same day trade access
I registered with webull today because of rh sucking Melvins limp sick. There’s a wait period though and now I can’t buy the dip. Any recommendations on a lender that has same day verification?
Let’s sue brokers.
GNUS
The time is nigh Elon, use your megaphone to rail against this!
It's a perfect opportunity for you. You of all people know what it's like to be targeted by wall street shorts, and you have one of the biggest megaphones of them all.  The great thing is you can't  even get busted for this as it's not your investment at all. Just rail against the injustice of Robinhood/TDA/etc. shutting down retail investors while allowing the shorting institutions free reign to mitigate their losses.  Don't let this shit happen without raising more stink!
THEY ARE RESORTING TO STEALING NOW, UP VOTE SO PEOPLE CAN SEE
I have officially put in motion in attempt to bring a class action lawsuit against Robinhood for their obvious Market manipulation and taking away our ability to buy new stocks today and tomorrow.
You should join me in the fight. What they did midday yesterday going into today is absolutely Criminal. As many of you already know, they have made it impossible for us to buy new stocks and only be able to close out the old ones only in an attempt to save their Rich fat cat Wall Street Buddies. I hope more people file a motion to bring up a class action lawsuit against this evil company.  To start your own class action lawsuit, the link is below.
The ABSOLUTE bs i'm seeing
Anyone else not able to withdraw money of of Robinhood?
So they are not only not allowing people to buy stocks, they aren’t allowing them access to money they’ve made either?
Here you go retards. All in. No more margin. Sold AMZN.
Revenge
I went YOLO on AMC so I can't buy GME, but even if I make a loss on AMC I just hope that Wallstreet pays for this dishonesty whether it is because of amc or because of GME
MELVIN CAPITAL LIED about closing their shorts. YOU CHADS KEOT BUYING. Now, they're fucked, and to save themselves from market wide liquidations to cover, they TOOK YOUR BUY BUTTON. THE SQUEEZE HASN'T HAPPENED YET. HOLD OR BUY ON A DIFFERENT APP.
Trade Republic (german broker app) is in on the fraud and wont let you buy
JUST BOUGHT 2K OF AMC FUCK IT
CASH APP DO IT BOYS
Remember to give your rating and feedback on Robinhood and any other trading apps engaged in market manipulation in the app store. There is also a report function if you find an app is doing something illegal you should report it.
This is some BS
SCREW RH, 212 , WEBULL ETC
They might they think fucked us but the backlash will turn them out! Took all my money out & switching brokers!! I hope they get run into the dirt for this along with the rest of these shit brokers who try to take our tendies!!!! unacceptable! GME TO THE DAMN MOON   RETARDS LIVE FOREVER
WeBull Suspended $GME,$AMC,$KOSS
Processing img nrg0gjlvs3e61...
I’m bleeding but I’m not selling. LFG!
You're playing right into them if you Panic Sell.
What do you think they were trying to accomplish by halting trading on so many apps that retail investors use? The only option is to sell and you see the price drop 40%? Don't be a 📄  ️. The short squeeze hasn't happened, so the price goes back up.  This is a test for you Newbies. Just Hold.
I was gonna buy donuts and coffee this morning   it
FUCK I'VE WENT THROUGH WORSE -- KEEP THEM COMING, I'LL KEEP BUYING AND HOLDING
❤️❤️❤️     🔥🔥🔥🔥
AOC is with us and supports a hearing!
All this excitement reminds me of something someone said a while back
HERE WE FUCKING GO
GME on Revolut
Managed to pick up more on Revolut
Why is everyone saying friday is the day? $GME
Why do we think GME will soar tomorrow? Will call expirations send it  ?
Buying all I can on TD Ameritrade HOLD THE LINE
Fuck ROBIN HOOD Fuck WALL STREET Fuck MELVIN  LONG GME
More like Robbing the hood
Am I right fellow retards?
They fund RobinHood too. Name and shame these asshats.
Should we look for another stock to invest
We should look for another company with low stock share so that we can do the same thing that we did with GME and AMC.   Since Robinhood decided to backstab us by blocking AMC, NOK, BB and GME we should find another one.  F U C K Robinhood!!
NAKD RN... Get in while you can and boost this back up!
There can only be one
The brokerages that are bailing out their billionaires likely consulted with regulators and got the green light in order to avoid liability.
Don't think for a minute that Robinhood and the like didn't get the green light from the tech illiterate regulators to take this otherwise illegal action and bail out the billionaires.    Let's finds out who let them do this and vote them out.  They're complicit.  Let's boycott anyone involved.    Let's file class actions against them all.    We'll bite back harder and deeper then they ever feared possible.    We're done being taken advantage of.
DO NOT SELL IF WE LOSE MONEY HERE. —> WE’ll DOUBLE IT SUING ROBINHOOD
🤲🤲🤲🤲
Newbie on a buying spree!
Just found this group this morning and have already bought TSLA, NOK & GME thru my Fidelity. Now. I will be using my diamond    til I'm Rich 🤑🤑🤑. Thanks y'all 🙂
What’s the next stock we’re going to do this to and where can I hear sbout it before it gets big
I found out about this gamestop stuff after it was big, I wanna get in on the ground floor of the next one but am not sure where I’d hear of it.
Is it over?...
I have multiple positions in GME, AMC, and NAKD. It’s apparent that the way things are looking now, I will lose most of if not, all my capital.  Let’s not forget the saying “Don’t place money that you can’t afford to lose”. Viva la WSB; even if go bankrupt, I go down with you guys- on the right side of history.  Obligatory hail-mary rockets     Godspeed to all, and may tomorrow bring higher highs and higher lows
How to buy GME right now?
Hey I'm trying to get on the GME train and not sure the best place to buy right now since Robinhood isn't letting people see those stocks right now. Any suggestions on a good place to move my funds to would be great.
WEBULL ABANDONED GME/AMC TOO

When all this settles we know what has to be done to RobinHood
The only reason I’m not telling you to withdraw all of your money from RobinHood right now is because that would require selling and  checks notes  I don’t think this is the right group for that.   But, if/when things stabilize, everyone here should abandon RobinHood. They’ve done no better for you. Put all your money in a different brokerage. Or spend it on your wife’s boyfriend I don’t really care as long as we send a message to all brokerages and put an end to the garbage that is RH. They’ve done the exact opposite of their namesake, are manipulating the markets for the big yacht boys that can’t do it themselves anymore, and have totally fucked over their entire base in the process. Retail investors deserve better so let’s ditch their shit system as soon as Cohen wills it.     As soon as RH caves to the people we’re having a second moon landing, that I’m sure of.
What RH did is similar to what Casinos do to people that are winning, they simply take away their ability to win. Even if they aren't doing anything illegal.
RH needs to be contacted by Attorneys immediately!
Stop using Robinhood ASAP, your only weapon is your money
RH has fucked up many times already, but what they did today is some next level shit. And guess what? No one will do anything about it, except us.  SEC will start a lazy ass investigation that will result in a $  fine in 2024. White House will have a tough talk with the CEO. Your class actions will not go anywhere because their lawyers are better than yours. In case if you didn't realize, the Wall Street, SEC, and both parties are on the same team, also known as the " ".  However, you can defeat them with the most powerful weapon, and that weapon is your hard-earned and well-deserved dollar. You've already seen how effective it can be. Now take that dollar away from the RH, and they'll start begging for forgiveness in no time.  Vote with your dollar and start using another brokerage. Do not buy anything on RH, just sell (not necessarily right now), cash out and transfer the money to another brokerage. Simple as that. 100% of RH revenue comes from people like you, so we are in full control here. It's time to stop giving Robinhood a second chance.  TL;DR: first we bankrupt bad hedge funds, now we come for bad brokerages.
Fuck Rottenhood
It's no longer Robinhood, but Rottenhood - because they're hedge fund loving crooks.
CTRM will see a good spike once tradable again on RH
Volume reached its average around 9am this morning without RH buys  Company recently made a plan to become debt free and has had an uptrend in value
I'm not normally a wallstreetbets guy, but I managed to buy a share of GME today in solidarity. We've got your back!
That's it.  Keep fighting the good fight out there!
AOC in the house ladies and gentlemen
GME is open again on Webull
USE A VPN BUY BUY BUY
Use a VPN buy from another country.
DO IT RIGHT. Also submit a complaint to the Consumer Finance Protection Bureau for market manipulation.
THIS IS LOW VOLUME LADDER TRADING. Only   volume in last 30-40 minutes. People are holding! This is temporary! They’re faking a sell off. They’re selling to each other. Don’t take the fucking bait and HOLD   🏽  just my thoughts - not $ advice
$GME Just bought the DIP
Let's get it!  Stay strong!
Amc
If we can’t buy amc on webull now, then if you try’s to sell, who’s going to buy it if buying is locked out?
AMC, BB, GME
AMC AND BB ARE THE NEXT TARGETS WE NEED TO SHOOT THEM TO THE MOON AS WELL IF YOU CANT GET GME GO FOR THESE THEY HAVENT FROZE YET
Has anyone else had problems with revolut?
Submitted my order for   2 hours before market open , now   hours after it opened, the order is still pending. Wont let me cancel either. ANGERY
PlayStore has blocked downloads of RobinHood app
UK - I am unable to download RobinHood via Google PlayStore. 'this app may be blocked in your country' I've VPNed around and same. Just FYI.
Fidelity still allowing trades. HOLDING for those burned by Robinhood
Can we hop on Telsa while we’re at it? Since the same managers shorted Tesla months ago?
If you are going to delete Robinhood, don’t just delete the app. Cancel your GOLD membership too.
By deleting the app, you are still enrolled in your gold membership (if you have one) be sure to go into your settings and cancel your gold subscription or you will continue to pay Robinhood $5.   Steps for canceling. Menu (three lines) > settings > Robinhood Gold > Downgrade from gold.
BUY THE DIP - I BOUGHT $150 worth - HOLD
CashApp makes it easy for existing users to start investing! $1 minimum
they only have $AMC and $BBBY unfortunately. no $GME, which is why it hasn’t been mentioned much. this is just for extreme n00bs who just want to be a part of something but can’t afford $GME. hope it helps, and eff RH ♥️
Need New Broker. Mine Is Broken
Recommendations for a robinhood replacement?
Sold my positions in $BB and $NOK
Sometimes, it's better to take the logical step forward and not look back. UNTIL TOMORROW          to the fucking mooon we gooo     (im kidding i sold)
Trade Republic Blocks GME, AMC, BB, NOK in Germany
Title
Fuck cockblockers

Theory of whats happening
We must HOLD!
YOU CAN STILL BUY $GME ON M1 FINANCE APP
YOU CAN BUY ON ETORO
I can’t make a trading account anywhere! Wtf
Enough already - we will win eventually
The elected officials, SEC, FINRA, and any other body that enforces securities regulations and lawmaking needs to step up and make an example of Robinhood, Citadel, and any other organization complicit in the collusion of the manipulation of GME, and other such stocks.   THERE NEEDS TO BE SUBTANTIAL FINES LEVIED, AND LENGTHY PRISON TERMS. Enough is enough.   We, the common people, are always left holding corporations' mistakes via bailouts funded by our tax dollars. Finally, when we beat them at their own game just because we believed in the value of GME, which triggered the short squeeze - we suffer. They can't have their cake and fuck us twice too!   We need to band together around this event to begin to enact changes for our betterment. It's unbelievable that they likely manipulate the market every single day, allegedly short sell 140% of a stock (illegally), and now try protect themselves from their horrible trade.   I've had enough, how about you?
For those of you who still can, buy the dip in GME. Those of us with open brokers need to step up and get some more shares.
The market manipulators can't win. Those of us who can still purchase must.  Disclaimer: I am a tard and not a financial advisor. Make your own decisions.
Holding and still doubling down. Let’s not let them push us around! Holding total 42 shares at  $ avg
WE FUCKING HOLD
HOLD YOU DIAMOND HANDED FUCKERS.  WE KNEW THIS WAS COMING, WE KNEW EVERY TACTIC WOULD BE USED.  WE HAVE WHALES AND POLITICIANS ON OUR SIDE.  ROBINHOOD EITHER ALLOWS US TO BUY THE STOCK OR THEIR BUSINESS IS CAPUT. WE LIKE THE STOCK.👌
Congratulations WSBs!
The revolt against hedge fund speculators was brilliant. When hacks try to tank and BK America's favorite companies for their own gain, and WSBs comes in and says NO you aren't taking away my favorite stores, you guys are the real heroes! Congratulations for waking up America!
We need to get off Robinhood. Where can we trade freely?
Robinhood has fucked us. We have got to get off there and hit em where it hurts!  Where can we go to continue the     ??
DO NOT SELL! HOLD! Brokerages halting trading of certain positions is a ploy for you to sell!
They want you to get rid of your account and to sell everything. They don’t want people like you in the market. They don’t care whether you stay with them. They want to stop you so they can help themselves. Holding the positions is the only leverage we have (Unless you’re on Fidelity then BUY). HOLD!
Who else bought GME @400+???
5k in GME@400 and still HODLing!!!
PSA: To get your Money/Shares out of Robinhood you have to start the transfer from the TARGET/New brokerage account.
RH will charge 75$ for this, but the new brokerage may cover it if you ask.
WHO is with me in NAKD?? Let’s fly to the moooon
When they fail, we bail them out; when we win they rob us.
I’M NOT FKN SELLING!   GME NOK AMC BB     🏼  🏼  🏼  =       #freethemarket
There is no reason for anyone to be using Robinhood after this week
I know we’ve joked here for a while about Robinhood being the shittiest broker but this is way too far. It costs you $0 to sell everything from Robinhood and buy it right back on td ameritrade, fidelity, or e trade. DO NOT SUPPORT THESE FUCKS.
YOU CAN BUY GME ON TD AMERITRADE NOW!!!!
Like I said go forth and do as though will!
AOC is with us
For total novices like myself coming here to learn why we should buy GME, can someone ELI5 why the price is skyrocketing and when we should sell?
You are all amazing. $3028 + more in the game.
WHY DON'T WE ALL MOVE TO E-TRADE SINCE THEY ARE ALLOWING TRADES STILL ????
I'm just sayin.
Webull and robinhood are working for the elites! Don’t trust them!
Find a way to buy and hold guys! AMC nok and GME
My Brethren, Hold The Goddamn Line!!!!
Manipulation people. Trust and know that you will look back in time at your sweet, sweet tendies. Trust your brethren, we have each other’s backs here
CASHAPP COMPLETELY FROZE MY PENDING PURCHASE OF AMC AND NOK.
title says all, my pending purchase is completely frozen. It hasn't gone through, but I also can't cancel the transaction? cashapp is notorious for bad customer service. what should I do? PLEASE HOLD, LADS.
Remember Remember the 27th of January
We have the support of Both sides of Congress!! HOLD YOU DEGENERATES!!!
this paragraph from robinhood.
How can we destroy robinhood
Thoughts fellow spergs??
Robinhood and the rest of the “free” market
My wife just asked why Robinhood did what it did. And it’s simple. Only the winners can win and the losers have to lose till they give up. Robinhood is not one of us as much as it claims to be. My 2 cents.
The irony in the name Robinhood
He stole from the rich and gave to the poor. But today 🤡🤡Robinhood🤡🤡 did exactly the opposite. They are clowns. Make sure to leave them and sign up for the class action suit.   I'm with etrade and they have not block buys!!
A Change Is Coming
How can anyone justify what Robbinhood is doing with GME. Literally gaming the system against people like you and me. How is it not rigging when short sellers can sell shares they don’t even own. All that I hope comes out of this is serious reform to the way hedge funds and the rest of the “big guys” treat the market as their own private and privileged casinos. I beg of you, hold the line. From everyone who was hurt in ‘08, thank you for everything you are doing. WE WILL BE HEARD!
Buying of our favourite stocks now banned on trade republic!!! Germany’s only decent broker
They are trying to fuck us but we’re holding!!! What they are doing is outright criminal.
Fidelity still allowing trades. HOLDING of those burned by Robinhood
Someone else posted this but we need to do this!!!
Shooting for visibility - as of 10:51am EST I am told I am the only person who has contacted the House Financial Services Committee to demand a hearing on market manipulation from online brokers.  PLEASE CALL THEM AND VOICE YOUR CONVICTIONS: (202) 225-4247  EDIT KEEP CALLING YOU ARE ALL KINGS  You should also reach out to your members of congress, and specifically to your state attorney general's office. There is precedent for consumer advocacy in this space:     "[t]he public knows that there are always risks involved in investing in the stock market. But part of the risk should not include questions about whether trades will be executed promptly or whether online brokerage firms can deliver the services that they've promised."  HELP THEM FIGHT FOR US; CALL CALL CALL & HOLD HOLD HOLD
Bought 12 shares of AMC yesterday as a poor. Class solidarity. Let’s make them pay. I don’t even care about the money this is the most optimistic I’ve been in YEARS. Nothing to lose.
The narrative of the events in the last few days and today.
In sum.  \- WSB had been discussing GME for a while, and the stock had some gains.  \- Melvin Capital started shorting GME.  \- WSB noticed the movement and responded.  \- Melvin Capital had huge losses.  \- Citadel came to rescue Melvin Capital.  \- Citadel 'happened' to buy the orders flow from Robinhood app.  \- Most retail users on WSB use Robinhood app for trading.  \- Most liquidity of GME was coming from Robinhood app.  \- Citadel surely knew that.  \- GME makes huge gains.  \- Robinhood app cuts the ability of its users to buy GME and other papers being shorted by it's client, drastically reducing liquidity.  \- Without liquidity, GME and other papers blocked by Robinhood drastically reduce volume.  \- Price collapse.
Im european and I just woke up to this, tf is happening
wtf?
Why should I invest?
So obviously you guys know what I’m referring too, (gme and amc). Why should I invest how is the stick gonna continue to rise
I need help
are there any apps or websites still allowing the buying of GME and not just the selling? This is market manipulation at its finest and complete bullshit if you ask me, I wanted to buy at the dip, and it’s spiking back up now not allowing me to get anything at all, completely outrageous, Robinhood is a joke, and I’ve tried alternate sites, and they say the exact same shit. Either an error or blatant market manipulation completely getting rid of the stock on the search.
Just bought 100 shares of NOK through Fidelity. Now what do I do?
About moving to Fidelity (a couple of facts) if you want to reduce your risk of being trade-blocked by your broker during volatile events
I was just able to execute a trade to buy some $GME on Fidelity. So I agree with some others that Fidelity is not on the team of institutional colluders who are blocking one side of the trades created by the excessive shorts volatility.    How long does it take before I can start trading after opening a Fidelity brokerage account?    If you open an account on Fidelity and ACH some cash in from your bank account or Coinbase or whatever, you should be able to start buying stocks immediately while your funds settle. It does take more time/steps to get approved for options trading.    What about the stocks I have in my Robber-Hood account?    If you have another account that holds stocks like GME on Robber Hood or another brokerage, you can transfer the entire contents of the account, stocks and all, without having to liquidate anything. You just follow Fidelity's asset-transfer process, which comes up easily as a result on Google:      You can choose to transfer an entire account's contents from another broker, including bonds, etc, with just a couple of clicks. It does take a couple of days for the stuff to transfer over.
We need the power of Elon Musk again to get GME back to the moon!
While this sub gets this attention- WE MUST NOT STOP. We must fight against the Wall Street elite
GameStop is only the beginning. We have to keep fighting against trust fund babies from here on.   Quick reminder that the 1% who are trying to keep the system rigged are doing so from multi-million dollar mansions, with 20 car garages and several multi-million dollar yachts.  It has been this way for too long.   And most of all, BUY AND HOLD.      WE ARE APES AND WE MUST HOLD ONTO OUR BANANAS
How to go-to the moon?
How do buy?  I've never bought stocks before and it appears they're trying to make it difficult.  How does a lowly Canadian help WSB out?
Made so much on TRNX the last 2 days, decided to buy 5,000 more shares. It's gonna     Buy and Hold!

BREAKING NEWS: WSB IS NOW A PROTECTED ENTITY FROM US SECURITY LAWS UNDER THE 28TH AMENDMENT
This is the turning point. DO NOT SELL!!
Hey everyone. Picture this. 5 years from now, you’re sitting in your home theatre that you bought from all your gains. You put your arm around your wife and her boyfriend and settle in to watch a movie.... THE BIG SQUEEZE.  About an hour in, Ryan Gosling (playing DFV) starts talking about the day that Robinhood made it impossible to buy more, so the stocks BRIEFLY tanked.  THIS IS THE TURNING POINT OF OUR MOVIE. AND YES, IT’S OUR GODDAMN MOVIE, WE ARE THE HEROES OF THIS STORY. MAN UP, TURN OFF YOUR PHONE, AND HOLD        I am not a finical advisor, do what you want.
How is the GME stock fluctuation when no one even has access?
???
AOC Bringing the Heat
"I Fought the law, and the law won!" Have fun being broke!
I sold all my GME for a 250k profit and put it into MSFT which is now up 3% today alone!  I WON!
Webull has joined Robinhood
GUESS WEBULL IS DOING THE SAME?

Webull isn't allowing GME or AMC either where do we go?!
I will be pulling all funds from Ameritrade and Robinhood
The actions taken by Ameritrade and Robinhood are reprehensible and do not reflect a fair, free market. While my balances are just a drop in the bucket, it will be one drop less supporting these two institutions. I stand with AMC, GME, BB etc. in the fight against the corruption of the 1%. I will not sell!
ONLY 5000 shares for GME to reach $400. WSB user u/zqv7 shares insight!
Bought back in
I can’t afford many GME, but holding the line with an army of regular people to stick it to the rich is my duty. If we want change in the world, it starts with stepping out of our comfort zones.  Fly high
Couldn't of said it better myself..
You know you’ve fucked up if these two get involved #HOLDTHELINE
GME: A Psychologists Take on a Hedge Funds Next Moves
If I, a clinical psychologist, were a hedge fund manager or consultant and the expiration date of my shorts was this Friday, I would create the illusion of a squeeze before the actual squeeze occurred. First, I would get on WSB boards and understand the narrative for low, medium, and high range squeeze values. But more importantly, I would look to see where the greatest agreement is found among the WSB members. Based on my own perusing, I would see a low value of $ , medium value of $1,000, and high value of over $2,000.   Because retail investors are destroying my financials because I am so deep into this scheme, the $  value is the target for my last ditch effort. Hedge fund managers know this could get even more out of their control. I would then save all of my tactics for one last ditch effort, including collaboration with other hedge funds, for the high 300’s or very low 400’s. Remember I want you, as a retail investor, to think the squeeze is happening and that you need to sell quickly. When the stock hits $400 and there is a sharp decrease between 50 and 100% most people will sell, thinking they just witnessed the squeeze, in turn saving the hedge funds billions of dollars had the stock price rose to $1000, or more. The squeeze, however, may come on Friday when their shorts expire.   Hedge funds take many different variables into consideration when making bets on the stock market. What their fancy algorithms and statistical software packages can’t predict is how individuals will behave in an unprecedented time, especially when those individuals are able to easily communicate with each other. Retail investors have the upper hand.   TLDR: Hedge funds may continue to manipulate the price through various short selling tactics, leaning on each other to slow the hemorrhage of cash they are experiencing. Time is on the side of shareholders, not the hedge funds.   TLDR because TLDR was too long:                    IMPORTANT: This is not financial advice. This thought is simply based on social psychology principles, my novice understanding of the stock market, and media reports about GME.  (this is from a fellow redditor/friend of mine who cannot post on WSB)
We can't spread ourselves too thin.
Stop trying to pump and dump other shit claiming it's next. This is about GME and MAYBE AMC. Hold the line don't sell
Trying to get a brokerage account set up and funded quickly with Ally Bank
I've found that some brokerages require you to sign in to your bank. (I've tried E\ TRADE and Robinhood \ spits\ ). We use Ally Bank, and it seems that Ally doesn't play nice with this kind of account linking.  I've submitted an application for Ally Invest, which seems to have gone through, but it hasn't been accepted yet and I've been on hold for a long time.      Anyone have any advice for how to quickly set up and fund a brokerage account somewhere? I want to hop on the rocket while it's still in the atmosphere
In the upcoming GME movie I want Ryan Gosling to play my part! Diamond Hands!!
Interesting how it took 80+mil volume to push the price from 105-354 but less than 10mil volume to drop it from 469-132? I'm holding.
Now this is personal
This isn't about money anymore, Robinhood just tried to ruin you financially. They wanted you to suffer to save some hedge fund a       who doesn't even know the basics of risk management.  They wouldn't do this if they weren't terrified. We can get GME to 10K, f    these guys. Nobody sell remember how they tried to hurt you and hurt them back.   Gme 25 shares BB 8 shares  NEVER SELL GME TO 10K MINIMUM
LITVINJENKO: Can’t stop, won’t stop, GameStop.
You already know what's next                                  🏻
HOLD THE FUCKIN LINE BOYS!
We got this shit!
IT'S A WAR, LAWSUIT get ready boys.
HOLD HOLD DON'T SELLL
Think of Swim not letting buys. Fucking asshats!
THIS IS FOR THE $PEOPLE. NOT SELLING!!! $GME WE ARE WITH YOU
In the words of Poppa Diddy Pop
I'm the definition of, half man, half drugs Ask the clubs, Bad Boy that's whassup After bucks, crush cruise after us No gaze, we ain't laughin much Nothin but big thangs, check the hitlist How we twist shit, what change but the name? We still here, you rockin wit the best Don't worry if I write rhymes, I write checks (ah!) Who's the boss? Dudes is lost Don't think cause I'm iced out, I'ma cool off Who else but me? (Who else?) And if you don't feel me That mean you can't touch me, it's ugly, trust me Get it right dawg, we ain't ever left We just, moved in silence and rep to the death (yeah) It's official, I survived what I been through Y'all got drama, "The Saga Continues" We ain't, go-in nowhere, we ain't, goin nowhere We can't be stopped now, cause it's Bad Boy for life We ain't, go-in nowhere, we ain't, goin nowhere We can't be stopped now, cause it's Bad Boy for life
SEC Defines Market Manipulation
Keep holding! The suits are doubling down on their shorts to make back all the money they’ve lost and now they’ve recruited their cronies to help. Fuck em! We’re not going anywhere... except for the moon!
Fighting the good fight. HOLD!!!!
TAKE YOUR MONEY OUT OF ROBINHOOD BEFORE THEY GO OUT OF BUSINESS
It’s likely that it will happen within this year. It will happen within the year
How it started vs. how it’s going
AOC keeps on supporting us! Hopefully this turns into something big!
WSB is the best thing that has ever happened to Wall Street
This is a rare WSB post that is not funny it's rather sentimental. I started trading around two years ago under a custodial account making small trades and steady profit. I would mention this to friends and on social media occasionally and never heard one peep of interest. In the last four weeks as things have   up and I've taken new and bigger positions interest among my peers has skyrocketed. I have no doubt that this subreddit will make the investor community more diverse and younger. While it is fun most of the time we all truly have something to be proud of here. Creating and helping start generational wealth among my generation is what is going to set us apart from the older generations. So sincerely, THANK YOU! That being said BB, AMC, NOK, NAKD, GME TO THE MOON!
Citadel owns Melvin Capital. Citadel owns Robinhood.
That is all
This drop is not caused by mass selling
Shitadel and Co have blocked Americans from trading GME so they can drive the price down without resistance (allegedly). If you look at the volume today, it’s about 27M as of 11:30 which is absurdly low for GameStop during the squeeze.    and you can see that GME has been consistently getting over 150M since the price took off. The purpose of these hedge funds allegedly bringing the price down is to make you panic sell so they can buy it and cover much cheaper.   If they were doing this without blocking people from buying, volume would reach 200m EOD and there would be lots of resistance going down.    Don’t let this artificial market activity fool you into selling      if you sell, the only people who are allowed to buy are hedgefunds and europeans (ew)      once you sell, you can no longer buy back in    Positions:   GME 172 shares  BB 5 Feb 19/21 $25c BB 1 Jan 29/21 $25c    25 Mar 19/21 $12c
AOC going in on Robinhood!
In at a small potate 4 GME shares, let's go fellow autists
BIFROST TO THE MOOOOOOOOOOooooOooonnn
If you have a Fidelity account it looks like you can trade GME there!
Looks like Fidelity is allowing users to buy!
HOLD MY AMERICAN FRIENDS!
I am from Austria, a small Country in Europe and I just bought GME shares.  I don't need the money since Austria is social-capitalistic paradise with free healthcare and free education, I just want to support this noble conquest for justice.
When the world needed him most, u/DeepFuckingValue didn’t sell
Today was the real test. Sad to say we lost a few in the front lines. DFV is still holding, I know he is. And so am I. This isn’t about the money anymore. I’m sure we have plenty of loss porn waiting to be posted. The funds are now trying any and all dirty scumbag tricks they can pull off to 1) get bailed out, and 2) screw us retail investors. I may never sell at this point.   shares @   I’ve accepted that I may never get that money back. But you know what? That’s ok as long as I can help fuck these corrupt pieces of shits right in the ass.
Let’s go with ZOM
Gonna invest a bit into $ZOM fuck the suits, let’s just make it so RH has to block every damn stock
This is a knife fight. You wanted a knife fight, you've got a knife fight. The big money isn't going to just roll over and let you take their money.
They've made it so, if you use a compromised brokerage, you can't buy. They've made it so only those with money can remain. They've made a short attack to invoke circuit breakers. This is going to happen all day. You are going to see the stock price go up and down like a flat lining patient. And they have taken your ability to buy the dips.  If you want to survive, you have to hold. Stay in this until tomorrow. If you still have to ability to buy, buy this monster dip. Buying at $200 is an amazing opportunity.  You don't leave a knife fight without taking some damage. You're going to bleed. Don't flinch. Stay the course. Hold through the day. At the open, if you could have gone back in time to buy at $200 you would have done it. Stay the course. Stay strong. Hold!
I don’t have much in it, but I’m holdin
FUCK WEBULL
How does this make any sense? Halts at 290, but price is 207
DD for TESLA and Why this is going to be the next big thing
Alright look we all got screwed by the corporate Big Wigs in Wallstreet and our friends at Robinhood, TDA, WeBull, IB, and all the other brokers...   However folks this is the beginning and only the beginning. TESLA is the most shorted company by Cash and this is where we will hit them next. This is a fucking war and this is why you do not fuck with the individual investors.      Daddy fucking Musk brought WSB to the likes of what it is today and we need to show our respect for him in the same way he showed respect for us. Today we will buy TESLA and murder the shorts
Does anyone have contact info for the The Sheriff of Nottingham
Robinhood has been bad
Sorry MOFOs... Check this shit out... Robinhood, Interactive Brokers restrict trading in GameStop stock and options. The excuse they give int he statement is comical.
Fuck WeBull too
HOLD THE LINE SOLDIERS. THE PRICE IS HIGH ENOUGH FOR THE SQUEEZE!
we are part of a historical moment, so for once in your life don't be a 📄  bitch and HOLD.  Let's fuck the funds  NOW IT COUNTS, find a way and supply your GME. (iam not a financial advisor)  BUT IAM ALL IN, SOLD MY TESLA TO HELP OUT. 📄   Remmember the 2008 wolkswagen squeeze?? The stock tanked a shit ton to nearly 220€ and shot up to nearly a 1000€ the next day.  OBLIGATORY: 🌕
Everything's nearly gone (in both GME and AMC) but I'm still holding.
It's everything I have. It's next months rent! I don't know what the big bad wolves think they can pull, but my strings aren't one of them.     I'm. Not. Selling.   I'm holding until the promised day, and I know its not much, but 10 shares GME and 100 AMC are all I had to my name, because things were already in the clear for any risk management I wanted to do on my own terms, if I could. But this overt manipulation has     and    screwed    with that, and I hate them more than I love me. So diamond hands all the way, I didn't realize they'd be  this  scared.  I want to see that fear come to fruition, at all means possible. I'm not selling, Let's GOOOOOOO
NOT SELLING! BUT A CRIME HAS BEEN COMMITTED!
Wall Street wonders why retailers don't invest/trade?! When we do and at a just cause, we are stopped.  Folks here are smart and because we played/traded within the merits of a system and rules they just flip a  switch off without Any chance to recover.    This doesn't just mean they opened a can but the whole industry of what WS/trading apps Are about. Its a criminal tactic and its out in the open.  Well we got degenerates here and you dun fucked it up.  God speed for those who are holding but the war isn't over.   We are on the map now.   Have a tootsie pop CNBC and stick that up where the sun never shines for you. Enjoy your hemorrhoids.  To King John App, eat a bag of .....
AOC is still with us
The date is March 1st, after diamond handing GME for a month and a half Melvin Capital has finally caved in to WSB demands of $  a share propelling millions of average joes to Pluto
Dear Noobs, weeboos, and hard working American autists, they think we’re scared. They think we were bluffing about our resolve. They think we GAF about their billionaire tears. -90k since open.  ‍♂️ 🖕  by Monday! HOLD!
What goes down must come up🪖strap in boys and girls
Me, a poor who eats ramen to survive and put my only $14 in amc, enjoying knowing the scramble going on in the big boys playroom rn
Never give up!! Their scare tactics wont work on us!
LEAVE ROBINHOOD
hold your positions, open new brokerage accounts and we will buy this up!
The Face That Runs The Place Speaks on GME
Mainstream media is the enemy of the people.
Title says it all.
I AM NOT SELLING A. SINGLE. DAMN. THING. WEATHER THE STORM AND YOU WILL BE REWARDED.
SEC's own circular on Market Manipulation
AOC is with us!
Is everyone selling NAKD! I’m losing so much right now and fast, lol
Canada! Do your part and Buy!
To my knowledge, most brokerages are still allowing buying here.     Help out our brothers in America in their time of need!
Closing My Robinhood Account
Hey, folks,  If you’re not holding GME or any of the other frozen stocks in Robinhood and are repulsed by the flagrant market manipulation they’re taking part in, you should consider transferring your settled money to a broker that respects you and closing out your RH account. I would recommend Fidelity.  That’s what I’m doing, at least.    🏻  EDIT: My current Robinhood balance:
What are the alternatives to RobinHood?
I just started trying to invest for the first time in my life last night.   Yeah, you know what happened.   I  tried  to buy $150 worth of   GME   and $100 worth of   AMC  , this morning I found both my orders cancelled and my money   not   returned to my wallet.   I am now   more fired up than ever   to use what little spare money I have literally  just  to screw these hedge funds who think they're above the rules.   But being as I am exceedingly new to this, I don't know what apps/trading thingies would even work for me to buy those sweet sweet meme stocks.     HELP ME OBI WAN KENOBI
NAKD?
Just bought 200 shares of NAKD. Anyone have any updates or predictions about it?
HOLD! BE AN APE
HOLD FELLOW STOCK LIKERS!                                  --
These bitches with their bloomberg terminal gave us some mindblowing chance to blow our hard earned lunch money we didn't work for on STOCKS WE LIKE, and there we go, no more yachting for these bitches, they'll need to sell their Yachts to people of r/wallstreetbets     Thanks imbeciles, I bought more GME at 130 LEGGO!          HOLD!!!
Trade Republic is blocking Users from buying GME.
HOLD EVERYTHING
Hold you shares. Europeans coming for your support.  Just bought AMC Entertainment
We are the 99%. Occupy '21!
They can’t halt gme and amc forever it’ll be too obvious !!! We got this !!!
Get it apes
IBKR blocked buying $GME $BB $KOSS $AMC
This shit should be fucking illegal and those companies should sue their asses, most brokers came together to fuck our stocks after we fucked with their masters.
Interactive Brokers now also limiting orders on BB, GME, AMC, etc. To sell-only orders
Title. If you own any of these stocks on Interactive Brokers, beware that you won't be able to buy back in if you sell. This is disgusting on so many levels. It's only a free market to those with millions in their account.
File your formal complaints, boys. It’s lawsuit season.
Do not just upvote this, help Rashida Tlaib out by contacting the House Committee on Financial Services to demand a hearing on online brokers manipulating the market and failing to provide services to their customers: (202) 225-4247     RIGHT NOW THEY SAID I AM THE ONLY PERSON WHO HAS CALLED THIS MORNING
Might be time to read up on some Karl Marx
EDIT: I'm not advocating for communism, you dunces. I'm alluding to the part of Marxist theory which idealizes that the have-nots revolt against the haves.     AOC has come out and said something, and I'm wondering if more is coming in soon. I feel that the actions of Wall Street and Robin Hood is going to galvanize a lot of people very quickly against the 1%.
Robinhood has Manipulated the Market.

We've entered a new era of guerilla warfare. One that solely attacks our oppressors and sheds no blood. We've entered the age of financial combat.
LETS UNITE!!
You can buy GME on Fidelity in the USA
For all those asking where they can buy GME now that it’s on a fire sale.   WE LIKE THE STOCK  Edit; upvote for visibility so everyone knows
Apart from a couple of individual hedge funds, is this the kick in the dick to elites that WSB thinks it is?
MOON MEN
How to buy gme and amc in the us now?
How do we secure these stonks in the u. S. Of a. I didnt have any other accounts besides rh and lots of them want the account verified b4 buying.
AMC GME, WHATEVER YOU’RE IN ON HOLD, WE’RE MAKING OUR LAST STAND, TOMORROW WE FEAST ON TENDIES IN VALHALLA
DON’T SELL, TOMORROW IS OUR DAY BROTHERS AND SISTERS
NAKD stock
Wall Street Bets - the song - coming Monday
Hello all!   Outside of investing (longtime lurker) I record professional quality music. I am going to do a rush-write-record this weekend and hope for a Monday release   What would you say are the most important phrases to the sub besides the obvious to the moon, and none of the r-word or overly offensive haha.  Anyway, would appreciate the feedback. It’s quite amazing what has happened the last couple of weeks.
Deal with the class action suit     THE LINE and don't panic sell.
Do not sell. Buy if you can but right   long as people   are still less shares available than need to be bought by the shorts.
ANY WAY TO BUY MORE GME???
Am trying to buy more GME moon stonk, are any platforms left to buy on?   Fuck robinhood   positions: gme 35 shares @55$ avg cost
Most ethical trading platforms
Robinhood can lick my taint. Their actions today are nothing short of corruption. Which platform is the least beholden to big money? I won’t let myself take it in the ass like this again. Robinhood - if you read this - FUCK YOU!
WHERE TO TRADE FRACTIONAL
BOUGHT 100 IN GME ON RH AND THEY FUCKED ME OVER, WHERE CAN I PUT IN 100 RIGHT NOW AS A FRACTIONAL SHARE
QUESTION: Is it possible for a savvy programer to create an open source app for stock trading?
Is anyone out there able to make an app where we could trade stock and not be shut out like apps such as Robinhood? Is it even possible?   They are going to keep fighting to keep us out. Many of us were unable to purchase stock today.  Congratulations on sending Wall Street into a tailspin, it's been a joy to watch, and billionaire tears taste so, so sweet.
You can still buy GME on Fidelity. let’s go!!!
Putting a Name to the Faces of Robinhood Corruption
Brokers canceling open orders! I still cant buy, help a brother out! Send these frauds to the grave!
Missed GME and AMC, Got on to the BB train. Down 50+% now.
Have no real knowledge about how this whole market thing works. Just following you all in here. Missed GME and AMC. Got into BB the other day. Was busy at work, completed my work and came out, opened my phone to see that I lost 50% value. Felt really depressed BUT holding and hoping that it will rise again. But I am curious though, whats happening? Why is it down? Thanks in advance.
End Game
Wallstreet is Thanos, and we redditors are the avengers army. BUY AND HOLD
10 SHARES AND HOLDING TILL ITS EITHER MOON OR ZERO. ITS NOT ABOUT THE MONEY, ITS ABOUT SENDING A MESSAGE
WE MUST ALL REVOLT AGAINST ROBINHOOD BY MOVING OUR FUNDS INTO ANOTHER PLATFORM. MAKE THEM PAY FOR LOSING US ALL OF THIS MONEY AND GIVING IT BACK TO THE SHORT SELLERS/ HEDGE FUNDS!
They need competition from independent brokers
$GME has been halted. Fuck the SEC. Fuck Robinhood. Where does the manipulation stop?
TradeZero on Twitter: "In light of current market volatility, we are NOT restricting transactions for certain securities to position closing only, including $AMC and $GME." If you want to buy the dip, TradeZero is the app.
Yes, GME
I bought in the dip (230) but the real question is, when we sell? How much can the stock go up? Or just sell before after hour and buy tomorrow after premarket
I was an idiot and bought AMC and BB on margin. Margin requirement went higher to account for increasing volatility and I’m below it. Wtf do I do?
I’m negative   on AMC and BB total. I’m holding. But I’m scared my positions will be liquidated to meet margin requirement. How many days will TD give me to hold / meet the requirement?
Don't single out RobinHood
There has been a flood of posts/tweets/public statements from minor retards all the way up to AOC and whatever else politicians - everyone attacking RH in particular for blocking buying GME/AMC/NOK/etc. and tanking it all. Talking about investigating and suing them and so on.   But this started earlier today with T212, and continued with RH, IBKR, and other major brokers.   This concerted effort is clearly much bigger than RH. They should be   one   of the shitbags to be called out, not   the   shitbags.
Whoever has the 350 sell is the lowest ask, hold that line!!!!!
Bid   Ask    If anything bump that shit up ROCKETS!!!
How to buy gme in spain?
I'm new to this. Also don't say etoro it doesn't want to work for me
Gamestop, we grew up with you. We want you to be a strong company. Here are our ideas on how to do that.
I will start this by saying, Im no expert or even that smart. I will say that this thread will have some very intelligent people that want your company to succeed as a beacon of our childhoods. We don't want to see you become the next Toys-R-Us.  You are a name and cultural pillar to many of us. Even though we joke about your trade in values, I remember going to the mall with my mother and if I was good, I could go to Gamestop. I waited in line for midnight releases.   You have the opportunity to pivot and become a real contender to Steam in online sales. You have relationships with all of the major studios and you have market data.  As for your stores, make them places to hold events. Hold local Esports matches and watch parties. The margins on snacks and the mercy are excellent. You could position yourself as the king of supporting Esports.    Those are just off the top of my head. I'd love to hear from the group.
Attention Reddit. 9gag is with us. They demand more GME and hold!
They keep freezing GME. Each pause helps me get ready to buy more. And remember, the shorts will still need to buy to cover their positions.
Looks like they're really taking this seriously...
Short Robinhood's IPO when they launch it.
Yes I know we aren't fans of    but I think we can make an exception for these fucks. That is all.
Robin hood delighted America airlines.
IF ALL GME SHARES HOLD, SHARE PRICE IS INFINITE. MELVIN HAS UNLIMITED LOSS POTENTIAL ON GME. WE ARE LITERALLY NAMING ANY PRICE WE WANT
We can name any price we want and there's nothing they can do about it. What are they going to do, let the market crash? The economy? We could take a government bailout right out of their pockets if we want.  Name any price you want. It is infinite if all GME shares hold.
UP UP UP UP
Don't fucking get scared. We hold, We Blast off 💦💦💦 in the boomers face
It’s Coming Back , Retards
Hold. The. Line.
Robinhood blocking $GME is now on the front page of HackerNews (many readers are employees of big tech and federal government)
Oi, I have a solution for Robinhood.
We simply buy a majority share in Robinhood, they cant do anything to stop us if all the autists own the app.
As soon as $GME rose to 270...
They fking suspended it again. How is this fking not market manipulation. These people have no fking soul.
Fox biz just mentioned class action filed by this group. Where is the sign up link?
HOLD AMC!!!!! KEEP BUYING AMC ON CASH APP!!!!!!!
List of brokers limiting GME purchase. This is not an endorsement of any broker. Let me know if I should edit.
can't buy the dip bc robinhood decided to fuck us!!!!
the fact that i had to sit here and watch the dip of gme and not buy in more like i had planned is fucking infuriating!! just needed to scream to people who understand. FUCK THE CORPS
Beware The Man In The "White Castle"
There is a person behind what you are experiencing. He made his fortunes years ago doing pretty much what you are trying to do now.  He will use all of his wealth to beat you.  He is Prince John. GME is your Maid Marian.
Heroes of this generation
What you fantastic fuckers are doing will be written about and remembered so long as you hold the line and don't give in. They are turning up the propaganda heat now and it will only get more intense as this continues.   The only other time I've ever seen the media go full propaganda mode to this level was from the moment Trump announced his candidacy for POTUS and for duration of the Trump administration... And even Trump had Faux News and Boomer Conservatives talking heads on his side... But not you; the system is shitting themselves so badly that they now have everyone from Ben Shapiro to Vice and Buzzfeed trying to make you into everything from "loser kids on a computer" to organized "Nazi terrorists".   I personally don't know any "losers" with the genius and balls to pull this off... And last I checked, WSB was about stonks and tendies and not National Socialism.   I've never in my 30+ years of life seen the system shitting itself as badly as it is right now and its fucking glorious.   They fuck us with fractional reserve banking and inflate our dollar to worthlessness; they give stimulus money to foreign nations while telling you that you can't earn a living and give you a $600 check as an extra spit-in-your-mouth jab at how much the elites hate you, they enslaved you with tuition fees that cant be defaulted on meanwhile if you are billionare financial criminal the government will bail you out... all while they call  Millenials and Gen Z "Stupid and lazy"... and now the Chickens are coming home to roost and they are losing their fucking minds.  This is bigger than the Boston Tea Party. You are showing the normies that their fucking Boomer system is rigged and there's no denying it, all while stripping these hedge fund fucks of their money they gambled and now lost. And now RH and others are literally breaking the law to cover their asses...   Bravo 👏 👏 👏 👏   I seriously hope the Silver and Gold markets are next because that is the ultimate prize in taking their power away. Shove it up JP Morgan's ass and then watch the Media really go full Cerhnobyl. I'd love to see how DC "monitors" that situation.
This is not about the money anymore.
I don’t care about the money anymore. This movement has reignited anger that has been brewing since 2008 and I refuse to let it stop. Hold for the people.  DONT SELL TO THE MOON
Is it safe to say that some bigwig at Robinhood just a received a large sum of money from the hedges?
Can't buy GME, flagrantly illegal manipulation with "volatility" as the scapegoat, and they just had to know what kind of backlash it might cause. So what kind of compensation does that take?
Manipulation of price
Hi Guys,      Before each halt, I see this on the ask, this is the smallest i've seen up to 34k shares and they add 2k a second, the same ask sale I see increasing so they are selling into it until the market halts.      Can anyone help take screenshots for this.                Processing img 5s8xdog7u3e61...
SEC definition of Market Manipulation, All brokers who have blocked trading or certain stocks are guilty!
This is straight from the SEC website! This is absolutely unacceptable and Robinhood/other brokers are 100% guilty. please don't ban me but i feel like we need to see this
DO NOT FRET THE ROBINHOOD BAN MY BROTHERS, THE SCHWAB CLAN ARE DOING OUR PART IN FUELING THE ROCKET
SUNDIAL GROVES BOYYYSS
Sundial groves cmon let’s get that motherfucker to Mars
FUCKING HOLD!!!   WE WONT SELL
You fucking bunch of useless cunts, stopping people buying a company is DISGUSTING. They are going to stop the purchase of GME, and hope the share price goes down to let the big guys out. IM NOT SELLING we will hold above $200 after Friday, and see what happens to you cunts!   This is illegal, it’s wrong. They just don’t want us to make money, we’re not doing nothing illegal they are the ones naked shorting.
Where can I go and open an account and buy GME right now?
Everything had a waiting period. Need advice.
Hold
I Can Take the Punishment
Life last year, and even since before that, has been one kick in the face after another. I'm a service industry small business owner and the economy, the government, the Man, and even basic biology have all had their turn with me. I was hoping this would be a rare break from the pummeling, and I still have that hope.        But you know what? Even if I just get kicked in the face by the establishment again, I can take it. I've been taking it, I'll keep taking it, and some day, whether it's today or another day, you're going to break your foot on my laughing bloody face.        Pry these shares out of my cold, dead, corundum hands.
DOING MY PART TO SHOW THE MARKET HOW MEANINGLESS ROBINHOOD IS
Y'all - I'm a PR guy that works in the advertising space. I am pitching every brand reporter on the planet to do a story about Robinhood's brand value cratering.   Net net, I am pulling my investments with them. The hypocrisy is almost as thick as the irony of their name and behavior.   Watch FastCo, AdWeek, AdAge, WSJ for stories. Hopefully they all cover.
NAKD party
Keep fucking rallying it’s working!!!!
YOLO on amc and nok
About to yolo as soon as the money hits my account. Putting my life savings in. Should I do amc, nok or half and half? Down 50% boys you know what that means double down
Robinhood just pissed off Congresswoman AOC
Finally managed to get a buy through all this halts - Fidelity is working!!
Apex Clearing ordered AMC, GME, & KOSS to closing only order status immediately

Fuck The Stock. Fuck The Free Market. We shouldn't forget this day going Forward.
Edit:\ I meant Fuck the stock Market  I will not sell whatever negative shit I own... I'm Holding the line and I don't care if I die on the field... Atleast I'm dying while holding my sword(metaphorically).... I'll wait until the margin call comes and get me...  What's important for me now is   Never Forgetting or Letting what happened today pass easily  . We were robbed today by an unequal Inequitable market where the Fucking 1% who cheats and never plays by the rules fucked us over to teach us a lesson   that we will never win against them.    Moving forward   I will not invest a single penny in this garbage market   if things weren't made right on our behalf. I'd rather lose money than make money in a market which serves the 1% and gives me their leftover food   if they allow it?   Even if things were made right by us, I will liquidate what's left in my TD Ameritrade account and move on to a broker who didn't fuck us over for the rich and powerful today.   Someone needs to make a list of every broker who fucked us over today.   We should never forget what happened today. I will not accept making money from a market which favors the rich and the rules which they deem right whenever it serves them. I acknowledge that I'm a drop in a sea, but I also know that I'm a part of a community which fucked a Hedge over for billions of dollars in a single day! In remembering that, I know that I'm not alone and that our collective is way stronger than I could ever imagine.
GME is climbing back guys. Hold the line
Share volume is extremely low when comparing to average. Prices are legitimately being pushed down by the powers that be so they can buy the shares they are short much cheaper. Do not panic and   . That’s what they want. As long as we all hold tight, they will be going down!
JUST BOUGHT 10 SHARES 2000 USD TOTAL. LETS GO TO THE MOON. REMEMBER WW STOCK!!!
Since Fuck Robinhood and WeBull, What Trading Platforms Are Similar and Reputable (US Based)
Pretty cut and dry. Don't want to put my money into these guys anymore if they're very clearly not on our side. I'm not super advanced technical wise so I don't need super tard graphing tools, just like to do some fundamentals and trust my gut. Oh and pay next to nothing per trade.
When was the last time you saw AOC and Ted Cruz Agree?? NEVER! HOLD THE LINE!
BUY GME NOW GUYS, BACK TO 500USD
Illegitimi non carborundum
We can do this! Buy the dip!
IM NOT FUCKIN LEAVING
WAY TO HOLD THE LINE AND NOT BLINK. KEEP IT UP
GME suspended from WeBull.
How can we still buy?
Since "Power to the People" is no longer the motto of RH and such like, can we still buy in another way? It's not like I have a personal broker or anything.
AOC is on our side, Sue Robinhood!
WeBull betrayed the people. HOLD
THEY FORGOT ABOUT OUR GREATEST STRENGTH: WEAPONIZED AUTISM
LISTEN UP SOLDIERS. THIS FAT DIP AIN'T SHIT. THE VOLUME OF THE PAST 3 DAYS IS AT LEAST 30X HIGHER THAN TODAY'S VOLUME. IT IS ANOTHER SHORT LADDER ATTACK + TRADING HALTS BY THOSE MARKET MANIPULATING FUCKS TO SCARE PAPER HANDS. THEY FORGOT ABOUT ONE LITTLE THING THOUGH: WE ARE FUCKING RETARDED AND WILL NOT BE DETERRED. DO NOT SELL TODAY. DO NOT SELL FRIDAY. MELVIN AND CAPITAL ARE AT THE END OF THEIR ROPES AND TENDIES WILL OUR REWARD AT THE END OF THE TUNNEL.  NO LIMIT SELLS BELOW 5K
NO RETARD LEFT BEHIND, WE WON'T GO DOWN WITHOUT A FIGHT


It’s funny they think we’re the irrational investors
Sure we’re retards, but we’re not retarded enough to continually double down on shorting a stock that has shown no sign of slowing down or selling off.  Keep the diamond fucking hands on deck you stupid sacks of shit.🤲 🤲 🤲   Disclosure: My wife’s boyfriend said my allowance will go up if I make enough on $GME😎
This is only January
IM NOT SELLING
Didn’t expect them to go down without a fight. Pulling dirty tricks shilling fake news on cnbc about closing out their shorts, hitting circuit breakers on most trading platforms and not being able to buy today. The tricks will get dirtier as they get more desperate. And that desperation only shows we’re winning.   WE. WILL. WIN.
Yup
you can INSTANTLY sign up and BUY THE STONKS WE LIKE ON FIDELITY!
Don't give up my friends. I'm holding still not a call or share sold
BB BABY


That's all I wanted to say
I LIKE
THE STOCK
Thank you for all your hard work 💜
I am just a simple retard who has    until very recently I have had zero stonks interest. I stand with u all in this fight and will always HOLD. Thank you to the mod team for all your hard work with the flood of new people like myself. Thank you to the people making post explaining what is going on whether it be the maths or the  not financial advice  or the memes. I give the big thank to the homies keeping us together through every dip. I appreciate each and everyone of you for this experience. This may get lost in the flood of posts but Thank you all. I wouldn’t be here without you!     We HOLD ....
(hacker voice) I'm in
Right as we speak.  Might as well be the stupidest thing I've ever done but at least I'm not alone in it.
dips are not reflective of the overall trend
disclaimer: not a financial advisor  earlier, gme dipped every time it hit 400. now it dipped when it hit 250. i'm guessing it's going to dip when it hits 300  people who don't want to hold and the shorts are putting sell orders at every milestone so they can make back some money every time it starts to go back up. so every time it hits a milestone, supply outweighs demand, until all the orders are sold, then it'll go back to the overall average of demand outweighing supply  alternate explanation:
Relax
Relax. They are the ones sweating. They are the ones desperate. They are the ones with time bomb ticking. We have nothing to fear. ILL SEE YOU ON THE OTHER SIDE! GODSPEED!
It's working, GME is starting to fucking blastoff again     YOU AUTISTS ARE BEAUTIFUL
Rocket is taking off!!!
273!
Fired Up
I pooled my disposable income into GME so I don't have the funds to buy any more, but I'm hoping this blatant market manipulation by Robinhood is firing up people to buy more GME as another big FUCK YOU
Fuck You Wall Street!!!
Your scare tactics aren’t working!! All hands aboard. Pressure makes diamonds!!!! 📈📈📈📈
Hey Robinhood, this you?
Tweetdeck can barely able to follow anger of people
Ah makes more sense now🤡
Should I buy GME even if I can afford a full a share?
I’m broke, but I have some Nokia stocks. I was gonna either buy more Nokia, BB, or AMC. Should I scratch all of that and just put what I have into GME? I can only afford a little less than a 3rd at the moment.
More more more (from a poor)
BB bottom found!!!!! LETS GO!!!!
BB
The Melvin GME plan over the next few hours
Disclaimer: I'm an autist that is giving his opinion, nothing more.  Melvin and his hedgefund buddies are selling and buying GME to eachother artificially dropping the price over and over, noone in this subreddit has the buying power to affect the markets like they have been affected.  Price dropped to below 120 for a while, now it's steadily up over 200 as I speak, but you need to bear in mind that melvin and his buddies are not finished! Considering the amount of money they have and how much stock price is going up and down and the fact that so many of us retail investors cannot actually buy any stock right now, the door is open for melvin and his buddy's to drive UP the price of GME stock.  Only for them to get it up to 250/300  in the hopes that that will be high enough for many many of us to jump ship and sell GME.   If this happens and we do sell and inevitably melvin and co. attempt to drop the price again, this may allow them to drop the price enough to save themselves tomorrow when their 50 million+ shares will be shorted and they'll be at the mercy of the markets!  If we all hold until tomorrow we all win and the hedgefunds lose for once.  This is David vs Goliath and they are going to try every trick in the book to encourage us all to sell, sure hell, look at the amount of bots that have infiltrated the subreddit and are desperately trying to encourage people to invest in other stocks.   They are doing all this in the hopes that the majority of us are out of the market before tomorrow so when the shorts are squeezed they don't lose billions and go bankrupt.  But fellow autists, if we stay in, it will be a historical day and we will have beaten Wall St. and we will all be alot richer because of it.    TL:DR   STAY STRONG AND HOLD NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS TODAY AND TOMORROW WE
Am I alone when I say FUCK THESE GUYS???
I've lost thousands today just like the rest of you retards. I'm holding of course but FUCK. Also Butt Fuck.   This feels like a lawsuit waiting to happen!
Remember our king u/DeepFuckingValue, has he sold everything? Neither shall we!
Stockpile hiding GME
stockpile is hiding GME, purchases still pending from last night as fractional doesn't purchase until close of market.
What we need now is a big dick lawyer to file a class action lawsuit against RH, AmericanExpress, CashApp ,etc for freezing assets and placing limits on free trsde....
Im in on fidelty! Doing my part! Sold $BB gains this morning and waiting for the squeeze!
The reason for GME
APES TOGETHER STRONG                     APES SPREAD ACROSS ON PHONES, VIDEO GAMES, FOODS, AND OTHERS ARE WEAK.   MEAN MEN TAKE FROM APES WHEN APES ARE ALONE.   BUT MEAN MEN CANNOT TAKE FROM APES TOGETHER  (NOT FINANCIAL ADVICE BECAUSE I AM AN APE)
Why are posts being removed?
[removed]
Thinkorswim has everything. Trade while you can
Next Stop: THE MOON
Holding from the UK with my good friend!
u/DispleasedGunlock  and I are holding tight! Keep it strong everyone and just hold hold hold!
STOP WASTING YOUR MONEY ON REDDIT COINS AND AWARDS!
BUY GME INSTEAD
WERE REALLT DOIN IT BOYS. TO THE MOON!!
How could you do this to us
Hold on GME. invest and hold AMC. Once the pandemic is over entertainment will make gains. That’s my unprofessional opinion and not advice.
I’m an idiot but I think I’m right.
BOYS, WE'RE RISING UP. KEEP BUYING NOW
Gme shorts
As of January 15, 121% float and   days to cover
I think Robinhood forgot who their customer is, lets remind them!
Winklevoss Twins on CNBC
Winklevoss Twins just ate CNBC's lunch. The Old Guard megaphone tried yelling them down and got run over! 'Vosses defended WSB against the Hedges' abuse of American Business. For instance, how the hedges tried to destroy Tesla, run by the greatest entrepreneur of our generation, for greedy profit. So right! Tesla innovates and the hedges tried to steal it all, to the detriment of everyone. I loved the the Winklevoss' "FU" attitude. Bet they won't be invited back.
Holding from Italy 🇮🇹!! Bought at 419$, not selling for the win!!
Keep holding the whole world is watching!!
THIS IS A SHORT LADDER DO NOT SELL
Funds are spoofing the algorithms trying to shake out retail investors. Look at the order book. Hold the fucking line everyone!    I love you all let’s change things and create the future we deserve!
SAXO MARKET ALLOWS BUY GME SHARES
Bought in 4@216 TO THE FKING MOON
$SNAP
M1 Finance is still UP for GME
Use M1 Finance since Robinhood is unusable now.
Can't buy the GameStop share? Buy something from them!
This improves sales, hence improves the value of the stock!
CALLING FOR ANOTHER CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT TO BE OPENED AGAINST WEBULL
Let’s not forget the other giant at play here, Webull announced they will be participating in the market manipulation shenanigans.
Holding to 10,000
They can’t expect to fuck me over for trying to fuck them over for trying to fuck me over and get away with it. And though I lose count while doing sets of 6 reps at the gym, even I know that shorts are mathematically fucked  150 shares $GME and holding
Step 1: tax everyone making under 75k. Step 2: shut the gate on everyone trying to increase worth above 75k on WSB. Step 3: Profit
Fml.
HOLD THE LINE BROTHERS AND SISTERS!!!
'Cause we will never listen to your rules (No!) We will never do as others do (No!) Know what we want and we get it from you Do what we like and we like what we do  So let's get a party going (Let's get a party going!) Now it's time to party and we'll party hard (party hard!) Let's get a party going (Let's get a party going!) When it's time to party, we will always party hard
Upvote this hittable face
ALL MY HOMIES HATE ROBINHOOD AND SO DO I. I'VE GOT 99 PROBLEMS BUT SELLING AIN'T ONE
CHARLES FUCKING V PAYNE IS FOR WALL STREET BETS. EVERYBODY FUCKING HOLD
Operation Wreck Robinhood
The plan: Going to pump RH for free stocks then sell them and close our accounts.   If you have RH: post your free stock link below.   If you don’t:  click one of the links, open an account, get the free stock, post your free stock link below.   Once this gets enough buy in we all close our accounts. Aim for 5 Feb.   I’ll put mine in the comments.
I'm fucking scared.
Fuck Robinhood
On Jan 25, I initiated a transfer of $12,000 into my Robinhood account with the intention to buy $GME no matter the price. Now that the funds are just about to arrive, Robinhood pulls the plug on my ability to buy $GME, and they say it’ll take another 3-5 business days to transfer the money to my eTrade account, which means I’ll miss this sweet dip in the stock price. I’m mad as hell about this and I don’t think I can do anything about it. Advice?
Important Action
I don't have a stake in this like most of you do. I simply study Macro Econ (specifically behavior), and from looking into what y'all degenerates have done, you have achieved something scary. What's scarier, and in fact terrifying, is the way Robinhood along with TD has tackled this. Without going into detail, from what I understand, there is a possibility of collusion due to conflicting interests these trading platforms have with their users. Failing to provide the promises along with the change in feature caused what you saw happen today - and fits the definition of market collusion to the textbook extent. I suggest you guys do this if this is something you care about.     Takes 3 minutes.
It's Working - Apes Strong Together
Their "flash crash" was pathetic.  So as they flop around like a fish on hot sand we continue to push.  I was able to create a Fidelity account, verify, transfer from a bank account, and purchase 4 shares within about an hour today.  I'm already up $200.  Buy the dip, we can see buy GME, we can still win.     This is not trading advice, just inspiration?     Good luck ya morons.
STASH CANCELLED MY ORDER
Fuck robinhood and stash. They both cancelled my order and I'm SOL
AMC, SNDL & NAKD to the fucking moon and the VAHALLA!!!
AOC WILL YOU BE MY VALENTINE?
International Trading Platforms?
What is everyone outside the US using? I live in Bermuda and it seems like nothing is available here.
Where can I buy without waiting days for $$ to clear?
Pulled out of Robinhood for obvious reasons. Where can I take it that doesn't need 5 days for ACH to clear?
We are riding this all the way back up to the top! Buy the dip and hold!
I bought on Public right before they halted trading. Holding the line.
Attention: cashapp has stocks and you can trade amc
Thats it, to the moon
Webull robinhood and many other trading platforms have removed our beloved stocks due to their clearing firms not accepting it any longer. How is this not market manipulation by hedge funds?! Sell orders only. Buy orders restricted
See title. This is crazy!    and buy more brothers and sisters
How do I buy GME Now
I want to be a part of this but am only willing to put about $500 in, where can I get in as quickly as possible?
The Hedge Boys are Out of Ammo! HOLD
Update: Gamestop is Now seeing a climb after the panic! Keep it going!
Did they ever even consider..
How can we be scared when we're all retarded with a mutual goal? Took advantage of today to gain 4 more positions for the price of 1 :)
DO NOT SELL GME. YES, THE PRICE IS DECREASING BECAUSE PEOPLE ARE GETTING BLOCKED FROM BUYING NEW SHARES AND THEY ARE MANIPULATING IT FROM THE INSIDE. THEY ARE GETTING DESPERATE. ALSO DO NOT SELL TOMORROW. GODSPEED.
Stash has crippled anyone trying to buy OR sell
You can barely access the app, and if you do get in, you are unable to buy or sell. Users are literally watching their accounts go up in smoke and can’t do a thing about it because Stash is citing everything from “new updates” to “busy server” warnings. We know what the real deal is though.
GameStop and other stocks targeted by Reddit users plummet
GME gains. I bought the fucking dip. 310 ——> 635 shares. Let’s squeeze these rich bastards nuts. Fuck them
What is happening to Lithium stocks ?
I bought LAC stock 3 days ago, I feel fuckd. Do you know what's happening to these stocks???
KEEP HOLDING AND BUYING DONT LET THEM STOP US
EVEN THE SHAMELESS MAN AGREE!!
Have all the brokerages allowed trading yet on BB, GME, AMC???
Eat the rich... hold the line.
DITCH ROBINHOOD FOREVER - SEND A MSG TO THE REST OF THEM
RH betrayed all of you not to mention being crappy company.  Ditch it forever and get another broker. Tell everyone how shitty it is.   I used TDA & Moomoo. Moomoo surprisingly pretty good and i can trade the meme stocks today.
Don't forget CTRM Castor Maritime. $.50 with plenty of room to rise!
How do we monitor GME shorts? how do we get updated retail investment percentages?
So, we know some institutional investors sold out.  Older data has institutional investors at 15% ( .  Can we find out how much we collectively own now?  How do we find updated stats on outstanding shorts? Are they going down?
Just bought 100$ worth at 230. I'm never selling. Good Luck WSB, Hope you win.
I'd rather be part of something good than spend 100 dollars on crap.   Hold and the cheats at Wall ST lose.
Will Robinhood, Melvin, point72, and Citadel be investigated by the SEC for market manipulation?
It just seems like too big of a coincidence how this has played out today to be any but market manipulation.    Melvin gets caught with their pants down and takes it up the fucking ass.  Loses 30% and gets a bailout from point72 and Citadel.   Citadel processes trades for Robinhood   1-2 Days after Citadel gives bailout loan Robinhood removes the ability to purchase Gamestop shares and only allows you to sell them ( a few other stocks as well)   GamesStop price falls immediately  I would like to know, as im sure many others do as well, if Melvin, point72, or Citadel opened any new short positions within the last couple of days including today and if so how much money did they end up making off those positions.  Are we witnessing market manipulation by a market mover in order to recover massive losses for a hedge fund as well making sure the loan they made is secured?  What the fuck is going on?
For anyone inclined, I’m sure the SEC would love to be flooded with tips right about now

This guy belongs here
Notice any shape similarities boys?? HOLD THE LINE MOON IS INCOMING            (this is not financial advice)
Not feeling the greatest right now. Down $20k because RH decided to try and screw us. Personally I am going to be ok financially but this hurts bad. Not feeling great inside. I didn't sell and will hold on due to the principle and justice needs to be served.
RIDE
COME ON DONT SELL DO NOT SELL IT IS MOOOOOOOOONING DIAMOND HANDS
I‘m all in on BB and my balance and trading capacity just started recovering. Silver linings!
The squeeze won't happen in a matter of minutes or even hours. It will happen over the course of 2-3 days, or more most likely, due to the price having to rise so high and all the trading halts.
Hold the line, us Aussies still buying stonk!!! Stake is still accepting!!!
It's not just Robinhood. After never having an issue with Ally Invest for years, I've been locked out all day
FEW BUMPS ON THE WAY TO THE MOON
We must HOLD AMC AND GME OUT OF PURE SPITE FOR THESE RICH ASSHOLES FUCK THEM LET THEM LOSE THERE BILLIONS. ITS THERE FAULT WE ARE IN THIS MESS!!!!!! HOLD AMC!!!!!! HOLD GME!!!!!! HOLD!!!!!! HOLD!!!!!       🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸 WE CAN MAKE A DIFFERENCE
Folks are finding other ways to buy shares! Support is on its way.
For everyone else doomscrolling and constantly refreshing stock prices...Breathe. This is bigger than any individual. HOLD STRONG
Hey, everyone. Wanted to check in because I feel like I need the catharsis and I'm imagining a lot of other people are in a similar position.  I woke up bright and early this morning to try to buy a few extra shares of NOK before we rode them to the moon. When I started to see everything drop shortly after I bought more, the nerves started to kick in. I'm a college student that supports myself for everything. I'm on food s . I'm about to graduate into six figures of debt. I put what little disposable income I do have into joining this movement with you.  And that's exactly what this is, a movement. This is bigger than anyone's individual payout or profit margins. (Except maybe u/DeepFuckingValue, he's a god). So, when I started constantly refreshing the numbers, I had to check myself. Sure, if we make some pocket change, it'll be cool. But this is about showing those fucking hedge funds what happens we decide to play their game. If we hold, we're in control. SO FUCKING HOLD. Putting the power back in the hands of the people is worth way more than some measly $400, or whatever your quick sell would make you. As long as we hold, this is a forever thing.  So to everyone who also has a lot riding on this, breathe. You're good. I know we're not used to being in control so it might be hard to realize that we actually are right now. The pieces of shit on Wall Street are tweaking because if we all hold strong, we're capable of doing some huge shit with this. TOO THE MOON BOYS           edited for random spelling mistakes
Support information for dummies
Is there any support material for newbies who want to take part on the current/next actions or Just want to understand better what's going on?   I'm Sorry for asking, but I don't even know how to start my research on the topic.
HOLD THEM TILL THE DEATH! YOU EITHER HOLD OR DIE.
You smoothed brain retards got bipartisan support.
$TNXP expected to rise
Apex Clearing also not allowing GME buys!!!
Here we goooo $AMC
Let’s get these motherfuckers
$GME HOLD! I saw three deer in the city today. A good omen
I don’t know if any of you are into native America animal totems or not, but I saw three deer in the middle of the city today.  This is a good sign.  The deer represents strength and grace and the ability to maneuver / act even in the face of great obstacles.  This is a good omen.  Hold the line (on $GME) love isn’t always on time.  Hodor!  Obviously animal totems are not financial advice.
“tHiS sToCK iS nOt SuPpOrTeD oN rObInHoOd” pieces of shit. Deserve the death penalty.
Webull officially caves to hedge masters...
Bought 5 shares of GME at 198. I'M WITH YOU BROTHERS
$GME, $BB and others shareholders should initiate a class action lawsuit against Robinhood. This is market manipulation to tank the stocks!!!
It is insane what they are doing, limiting buying and only allowing selling. I think that shareholders will have a case against Robinhood and other brokerages who basically encouraged their clients to sell and prevented them from buying.
FIDELITY LET ME BUY GME JUST NOW!
I had to liquidate my life savings of AAP shares and take a hit but damn it, GME TO THE FUCKING MOON! DON'T LET ME DOWN, AUTIST UNITE! #OPERATIONWALLSTREETBETS
Thanks WSB (love letter from an admirer)
Just wanted to say cheers from the UK for revealing more billionaire-bullshit and bringing it out into the open. I wish I knew how to trade, what a 'short' is, how to get involved etc. but I'll leave that to you beautiful people, you.
GME UP $100 IN ONE HOUR
Those of you holding the line with your big brass balls are making a difference. Stay strapped in and get ready to sprout a few new chest hairs gentlemen!
E Trade for
E trade lets you buy AMC, GME, BB, and a lot of other stocks that are being blocked/hidden. However it will  whenever it stop buy/selling when a breaker is tripped so just set your limits to the last mark and wait for it to come back on
Can’t get hands on gme so went with amc
Don’t care if it plummets to a complete lose just wanna fuck these hedge funds if I can lol
I downgraded from RobinHood Gold and removed all of my cash. There's no way I'm using their platform again. What are some alternatives that aren't controlled by the suits? Preferably with free trades.
MTCH is up 8% today with earnings on Tuesday
Been holding this stock for years and not giving it up yet. Let's go!!
DON’T HOLD. BUY.
Open a fucking Fidelity account right now. Borrow money from your wives’ boyfriends. And fucking buy this dip. Degenerates together strong.
A sincere message to Citadel
We at wall street bets never meant to cause you any harm, and apologize for any losses you may have incurred.    Just kidding! Get Fucked Citadel! We’re coming for you and there is nothing you can do to stop us. Robinhood was the last straw. We’re not selling a god damned share.
First time investor, robinhood closed EVERY stock I bought into right after I bought into it. My savings are almost gone but fuck'em TO THE MOON AND BEYOND BOIS           🌕 🌕 🌕
How do I get in on the fun? Coming from Canada and under the age of majority.
Been a lurker for a bit, wanna get in on the GME action (disposable income from a part-time job), but I'm under the age of majority in Canada and am not sure which platform can actually allow me to use it. I know that opening my own account requires me to be 18, but is there some sort of work-around with one of my parents opening an account and having me under their name or something? Can someone give me more insight on this? Pretty new so might reply with some questions to your comments.     Oh and fuck robinhood
BUY GME, TRUST THE MARKET! DONT GIVE UP LADS!
Buying the dips. Buckle up autists we’re heading to Valhalla
BB MEGATHREAD
We gotta discuss the ongoing situation regarding BB and Robinhood being FRIGHTENED of us heading to the moon.
Even Classic WoW has everyone's backs! We can do it!
Where can we currently buy GME?
I want to buy the dip after Robinhood cancelled my order!
Just bought more GME!
GME Questions
Correct me if I'm wrong.  Max pain for this Fri is at 110.  Max pain for next Fri is at 80.  Through repeated halts and broker trading restrictions, option sellers will be able to control prices and set it to where they would profit the most.  Currently, the best option for MM is to short the shares down to the max pain.  This increases the short float.   Processing img jy3b2tmhr3e61...      If funds shorting GME go belly up, brokers are next in line.  After the brokers, it will be banks.  Institutions / Government bodies will want to prevent this chain reaction.        My questions are:  How long can they restrict retail from entering new positions (buying)?  At the end of the day, they will still need to cover and the shares  What is their end game? To short, say till $5, and hope that retail offloads their shares at losses?  When they start covering their short positions, this will still eventually force an upward pressure.     If the chain reaction cannot be prevented, what is the play?  Short the market since everyone will need to start deleveraging?  What about counter party risks?     Also, if the brokers who go up are next in line, are our funds with them secure?
DID ANY OF YOU OTHER IDIOTS BUY THE DIP TOO
TITLE
THIS SITUATION WE ARE CURRENTLY IN IS BRINGING BOTH POLITICAL SIDES TOGETHER!  🏻 🏻 🏻 🏻 🏻 🏻🇺🇸🦅🇺🇸🦅🇺🇸🦅🇺🇸🦅
Guys! I’m just gonna come out and say, I’m a conservative, and I am 100% behind AOC, Warren, Talib, and others that I have NEVER SEEN EYE TO EYE WITH! My heart is melting seeing these former enemies band together! We are AWAKE! CHANGE HAS TO HAPPEN NOW! I’m seeing liberals post conservative articles in support, and I just am absolutely so ducking proud of this community! This is not about the banks at its core. This is about US! We are literally making this country great again!!!!
Bout to drop $500 on Nokia
Wish me luck guys!
Today Robinhood violated the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
AMC TO THE MOOOOOON    BUY BUY BUY
Not only Robinhood, but also a similar German broker TradeRepublic don't let you buy GME
English translation:    amid the current high volatility on the capital markets, we turn to you. It is currently more important than ever to find out about the relationships on the capital market. In the following we will briefly inform you about the current situation as well as short-term changes in the offer of Trade Republic.     No further acceptance of buy orders for certain stocks     As you may have noticed, there is currently increased buying and extremely high volatility in normally less liquid stocks. At Trade Republic, we believe in markets and their power to regulate themselves. In the last few days, however, an unprecedented situation has arisen: According to press reports, the shares GameStop Corp., AMC Entertainment Inc., BlackBerry Limited, Nokia Corp., Express Inc. and Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. are apparently currently the subject of violent, coordinated shares Price speculation. Due to the associated risks for you, we are not accepting any new orders to buy these shares until further notice.     TLDR: German Broker Trade Republic equivalent to Robinhood bans buyorders for certain stocks.   Stay strong.
They’re tryna fuck us. WELL IM NOT FUCKIN LEAVING.
GME TO THE NEXT GALAXY!!!!!
Just dropped the rest of my account into GME.  THESE SLIME BALLS CANT STOP US FROM TRADING FOREVER. LETS SEND THIS TO FOOKING 20,000!!!!!!!!   THEY CANT STAND US!!! LETS STAND TOGETHER AND BUY MORE to get even MORE RICH TOGETHER!!    HERE WE GO !  WE LIKE THE STOCK!
Serious Question - Have we witnessed the most unashamedly blatant attempt at market manipulation of all time today?
Never forget!
When the creators of the game they invited us to play begin to lose, they shut us down and call us “incels,” and “alt-right,” and “neo-nazis.” Never forget that!
Hodor. That is all.
ROBINHOOD RESTRCTING AAL, CTRM, AND SNDL NOW
HOLD THE LINE
They failed
From $150 , if it continued to $100 then it was over , the fact that it bounced showed that its NOT. So keep buying where you can
Damn straight
BB?
SHOULD I INVEST IN BB , WILL IT GO UP⁉️⁉️
Hedge Fund Exit?
What do you guys think. Were the hedge funds successfully able to close their short positions on the most recent pull back on GME?
Buying more through Fidelity. F    Robinhood. Let’s go
Their attempt wasn’t good enough
They made their best efforts. They stopped us buying. They faked a hundreds of dollars sell off. They control the news and the media. They tried their best but we are still holding.  Pussy sellers are out, now it’s just the strong left. They are trying to cover their shorts that’s why price is increasing. The real squeeze is now. We will win this one
Don't forget to short Robinhood if it IPO's this year
Just planting the seed, set calendar reminder
I put my hands up on your stonks, when I dip you dip we dip
If you ain't getting it, ya must be trippin
seems to still be allowing trading of GME (buying and selling). Not certain about the others.
No idea who   is, but saw them listed on   as still permitting trading off the Robinhood blacklisted stocks. If anyone knows about them, and if they are safe, please reply.
Suggestion: Using social media to demonstrate the tangible business fallout of Robinhood's market manipulation
Where are the Activist Hedge Funds and Activist Shareholders of $GME? They need to support /r/WSB right F CKING NOW
Hello bros, I'm a newbie to this subreddit. I've been watching what's going on in the news regarding $GME, but never subbed to subreddit until recently despite knowing because my initial impression was bunch of dude bros circlejerking about $TSLA. It's freaking insane redditors got together and taking on giant Hedge Funds who make the silly rules and now they are trying take ya'll down.  I'm surprised why is there no Activist Hedge Funds backing ya'll up. Where are the Activist Shareholders? I only see a few like Chamath Palihapitiya(I'm a BIG fan of him, for a long time)  I'm not from North America or Europe. I'm from a 3rd world country. And I support this movement. Unfortunately, can't buy $GME because I'm a broke student.   In case anyone is wondering what Activist Shareholder is lookup  .  I hope this movements sustains and grows. It's high time these big hedge funds have played too much of their own music.
What should we raid next boys?
Gamestops a little high and we can pull a brand new stunt for the same payout. Something pretty low.
ATTENTION UK BUYERS: DON'T USE REVOLUT
Tried to buy shares when GME dipped on Revolut. Order is still pending and now the price has gone back up. Any profit I may have seen from that is now fucked!
TradeRepublic did same as RH. Short Translation: GME, AMC, BB, NOK and BBBY are not available to Trade rn
If they halt trading one more time i swear im going to storm wallstreet!
AOC for President.
Other oppressed market by the giants of WALL STREET! We are tired!
I love what you guys are doing and is lovely to see that the Wall Street are getting crushed and also being exposed. Just to give you another hint of an oppressed market is the B-T-C and ALT coins currency market. It is oppressed, shorted and us the retail investors are getting screwed over. Maybe is time to take it to the next level.
📢LISTEN UP!! I'm down 8k. I'm a student and this is an ENTIRE YEARS WORTH OF WAGES FOR ME. But you know what I'm going to do? HOLDDDDDD    Because I BELIEVE in you! Also, FUCK ROBINHOOD!! GME BB!!!
Biggest GME SALE ever! -50%! Managed to successfully buy another shares for $850 on eToro! Hold on tight!
AOC not happy about Robinhood's market manipulation

ONE OF US! ONE OF US! BUY AND HOLD!
You guys can see the time up above, how did this happen it was at like $200 a share when I panic sold?
Couldn’t buy during the GME dip!
Since Robinhood fucked most of us and wouldn’t let us buy during this HUGE fucking dip, what are the realistic chances of a lawsuit?
I'm devastated
Had paper hands and sold on the dip out of fear. my money is locked in robinhood for two days. That's it for me. Hold the line boys. keep      e: Pain
AOC is now aware of the blatant market manipulation that’s been going on now
WHY GME IS CRASHING
Why the stock prices are going down: Robinhood is currently one of the biggest platform of which people are using to buy volatile stocks (People just started to invest to make money, and Robinhood is the friendliest platform). Robinhood currently blocked the buying option on the volatile stocks, such as NAKD, AMC, GME, NOK. Since people can't buy but can only sell, it is obvious that the price will plummet down. However, when robinhood's trading restriction gets lifted, the prices of the stocks will get stonked, so PLEASE HOLD  TOGETHER UNTIL THEY GO UP DONT SELL!” Copy and pasted.  this is not financial advice.
BOUGHT MORE ON THE DIP MELVIN SORRY
Right on fuckin track! Hold till Pluto!
THE HIT PIECES CNBC IS DOING RIGHT NOW IS MAKING ME MORE UPSET THAN THE RH DEPLATFORMING 🤬
the gloating as our stonks go down 50% with the i told you so smirks like the game wasnt rigged. attacking the winklevoss’ for promoting decentralized banking and labeling what has happened today as a ‘conspiracy’... and now some former reddit exec is on talking about how he left the company because it was making the world a worse place.  we’re up against a lot of   the majority is with us.  we are on the right side of history. we need to organize. we need to strike back. last week we cost them a couple   wont rest til these mf’s are eating dog food.  fuck cnbc. fuck rh and every other company that locked us   FUCK THE 1%!!!!!
SHOULD I BUY MORE IN THIS DIP? I CAN STILL BUY IN EU
WTF should i do? Down 60%
Any thoughts on REED and WTER
They are $  & .85 right now. Holding my GME, AMC, NOK and BB. But trying to see what’s next.
A REGISTERED INVESMENT ADVISORS PERSPECTIVE - Market breakdown for novice investors. Mods please do not delete, this is important. Disclaimer: this is not advice, nor solicitation to buy or sell any securities or banking products. The content is solely my opinion and should not be used to invest.
Disclaimer: I am a registered investment advisor, the content of this post is not investment advice. The content of this post is not a solicitation to buy or sell any security to/from anyone. Every and all content of this post is strictly my opinion and cannot be used to make investment decisions.    TLDR: Stocks work like this: if there are more buyers than sellers, the price goes up. Your precious stocks are dropping like a sorority girl's panties because Robinhood, etc. are BLOCKING buyers. Therefore there are more sellers than buyers the price is going down. Red stocks = panic and the average noobie will use their only option -sell. What they're doing is outright disgusting, illegal, fraudulent, and shocking even by scumbag wall street standards. Once they open up, they are betting that you were scared away enough to not buy so that their hedge fund butt buddies can escape from losing all their yachts and mansions.  This will be decently long but I promise it will be worth your time. We will be covering WHY the stocks are tanking, short sales, naked options, short squeeze, HOW CLOSE we are to breaking the hedge funds and the other buzzwords you've been seeing. Ok, so you bought GME, AMC, NOK, BB after seeing this historic run. Now, you're watching your savings dwindle away in large chunks, you can't buy anymore to support the really and you're panicking. THATS OK! Please read:     To understand why we have such a critical role in what is going on here, you need to understand how shorting and naked option sales function. Essentially, shorts are a loan. The loan is not paid back in dollars like a mortgage, but rather it is paid back in SHARES!   - you short Tesla at $800. the firm gives you $800 cash, now you owe them 1 share. If 1 share of Tesla goes down to $700, you buy that share and return it to the firm, making a $100 difference on the $800 you paid vs. the $700 you bought it back for. Simple enough? Great, lets continue.     Options give you the ability to buy/sell 100 shares of stock at a certain price, at a certain time. Options ARE NOT stocks, think of options as a "side bet" or "prop bet". They're nothing more than a piece of paper. Like any market, there are buyers and there are sellers. When you buy an option you pay a fee known as the "premium" and expect the stock to go up or down. On the other side, is the person who sold you the option and RECEIVES the "premium. The seller makes money when the stock does not hit that agreed upon price. To make this simple, lets say you own 100 shares of Apple (remember options are worth 100 shares). You think Apple will stay below $150. You "sell" a call option and someone who believes Apple will go to $150 pays you $100 for the contract. If Apple stays below $150, you just made $100, if Apple goes to $150, you now owe the option buyer your 100 shares of Apple, but you keep the $100 he paid you.     Ok, if you made it this far thanks, now here's where shit gets juicy. Using the scenario about Apple, lets say you don't own 100 shares, lets say you were a greedy cocksucker like Melvin Capital and SOLD billions of dollars of options WITHOUT owning the proper amount of stock to cover your ass. Well fuck,  now you owe millions of shares for this loan and the price of the stock is now 2,000% higher than what you sold them for. You owed $34,000,000 in December, now $7,650,000,000 because some autists decided to put you out of business. This is "naked selling" and this is the crux of why these cocksuckers and trying to suppress buying. The "short squeeze" occurs when these firms panic and start buying shares to cover their loans, making the stock go higher, making more shorts buy shares to cover their loans. It's a snowball effect. The shorts owe a lot of these shares on Friday, which is why its no surprise that Thursday, these brokerage firms decided to shut you down. Congrats, Robinhood, et al. saved Melvin and their hedge fund scumbag friends from losing billions and billions of dollars.     So, DO NOT BE SCARED. STAY STRONG AND WHEN THE BROKERAGES OPEN BACK UP BUYERS WILL BE ABLE TO ENTER THE MARKET AGAIN SENDING THE STOCK HIGHER.  I WILL NOT BE BULLIED AROUND BY BILLIONAIRES ON YACHTS AND THEIR FRIENDS AT THE EXPENSE OF THE AVERAGE JOE. VIVA u/DeepFuckingValue AND VIVA WSB.
E TRADE seems to be allowing purchase of the stocks blocked by robinhood. FYI
CRUZ RETWEETS AOC IN AGREEMENT?! WSB HAS BROKEN THE SIMULATION
This can’t be legal. Wall Street hit us back hard but this can not be legal that they lose money and now no one else can make money 💴
RobinHood confirms they are preventing sales of "certain securities" including GME, AMC, BB and NOK. This is not due to a technical issue.
"We are restricting transactions for certain securities to position closing only, including $AAL, $AMC, $BB, $BBBY, $CTRM, $EXPR, $GME, $KOSS, $NAKD, $NOK, $SNDL, $TR, and $TRVG. "
How ironic that the hedge funds are calling this GME play a get-rich-quick scheme. ‘“I didn’t realize it was this cultlike,” said short seller Andrew Left of Citron Research, who has become a particular target of some investors on social media. “It’s just a get-rich-quick scheme.” What. The.
I never thought I would see them agree on anything.
We need a list of trading platforms still selling WSB stocks
The trading platform I'm using is blocking me from purchasing GME. We need an updated list of which platforms are working (per country if possible). Please list platforms that you know are currently working. I'm pissed off that these corrupt motherfluffers are getting away with blocking our bids, we need to counteract.
GME — Higher level shorts (hold)
I think they still sticking to their short selling techniques, this time partnering with brokerages so the mainstream can’t buy the dips. I’m definitely not selling.   DISCLAIMER: I’m not a professional
You guys are amazing
You guys are amazing  That’s it. That’s all. You guys rock :)
HOLD THE LINE USE OTHER PLATFORMS TO BUY GME
Use other platforms such as Revolut, Binance, etc!     BUY AND HOLD!
GFuel is on our side!
JOINED THE FIGHT YESTERDAY AND TOOK A MAJOR “LOSS” TODAY, BUT HOLDING TO THE END!!!! LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO YA’LL, LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
Don't delete your Robinhood accounts until 2021 tax season.
But feel free to defund your account and tell them to go fuck themselves after you close your current positions.
Any UK retards with   They were doing the same this morning interested to see if anyone was thinking of taking action against them?
Awesome
All y’all are amazing. Love what you’re doing. That’s all.
WHEN BIG GUYS SCREWING SMALL MAN IT'S JUST A BUSINESS NOTHING PERSONAL, BUT NOW IT'S NOT JUST A BUSINESS?
HOLD! DONT SELL
DONT SELL!!! Selling shares of AMC or BB to buy more GameStop will hurt GameStop. Do not sell. Buy GME.
The outpouring of love from all over the world is a HUGE sign and is restoring my faith in humanity.
Whatever the fuck happens, today is the day where the world is getting each others back. Were literally being held hostage and they are sending reinforcements. I never would have thought a stock play would make me this emptional. From every WSB autist from the states, THANK YOU!    UNITED WE STAND.  UNITED WE FALL      🇦🇮🇧🇿🇦🇺🇧🇲🇧🇩🇧🇸🇧🇭🇦🇷🇧🇹🇧🇪🇧🇮🇧🇹🇧🇫🇧🇧🇨🇻🇧🇯🇪🇨🇨🇬🇨🇾🇰🇲🇨🇼🇨🇨🇨🇺🇨🇽🇸🇻🇨🇩🇪🇹🇨🇾🇪🇷🇭🇷🇸🇿🇪🇬🇩🇴🇩🇲🇹🇫🇬🇭🇩🇪🇬🇪🇫🇰🇬🇲🇪🇺🇫🇷🇬🇾🇮🇪🇮🇸🇬🇬🇮🇲🇬🇬🇮🇩🇭🇰🇮🇳🇬🇼🇰🇿🇭🇹🇰🇬🇰🇼🇰🇮🇮🇹🇰🇪🇯🇵🇰🇪🇱🇦🇰🇬🇲🇱🇽🇰🇱🇺🇰🇼🇰🇮🇱🇧🇱🇮🇾🇹🇱🇾🇲🇹🇲🇬🇲🇶🇱🇹🇲🇶🇱🇸🇲🇱🇲🇾🇲🇨🇾🇹🇲🇳🇲🇽🇲🇪🇫🇲🇲🇦🇲🇩🇲🇿🇲🇺🇲🇲🇳🇨🇲🇸🇳🇮🇳🇵🇳🇬🇳🇱🇳🇦🇵🇸🇳🇫🇳🇴🇴🇲🇳🇨🇵🇼🇳🇴🇵🇦🇴🇲🇵🇼🇵🇭🇳🇫🇼🇸🇵🇬🇸🇲🇸🇮🇷🇺🇿🇦🇼🇸🇸🇰🇵🇹🇸🇬🇷🇴🇸🇱🇵🇳🇸🇮🇸🇭🇹🇲🇱🇨🇹🇻🇵🇲🇨🇭🇹🇱🇨🇭🇹🇨🇸🇷🇹🇰🇺🇬🇹🇼🇹🇷🇹🇴🇦🇪🇹🇹🇺🇾🇼🇫🇻🇮🇻🇪🇹🇰🇿🇲🇺🇦🇾🇪🇺🇬🇪🇭🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿🇺🇸  Rep your flag ladies and gents. Show them its not just Americans in this fight.
AMC & NOK on cashapp
My fellow retards, put 200 into AMC and 80 into NOK last night after the close saw this morning my purchase never went thru, now I’m wondering weather I’ll just get a refund or will they give me more shares now that it’s dipped? Won’t let me cancel my order either :/ I know y’all have no clue what’s happening either just wanted to see if anyone is in the same boat right now
Trade with thinkorswim!!!
I'm down 600k on GME. Bought the high at $330. Am I selling?
Fuck no. To the moon
Robinhood is dead to me forever. There can be no forgiveness. Does anyone have any experience with   or other noob-friendly alternatives? And Melvin, just so you know, IM NOT FUCKING SELLING!
Read this if you need a pep talk.
Look at it this way: You are on a rocket.   it might be bumpy but you will get there. If you cannot financially afford drops and it will drastically impact your life (ex. you used your credit card for huge amounts and you can’t pay rent if this does not pan out) then I understand your need to be paper handed and pull out. Always assess your own risk tolerance and do your due diligence. However, if you choose keep the momentum going just remember there are plenty of strong women and gentleman doing the same. Several people are willing to take the risk for a company they believe in, it’s up to you to decide if that risk is worth it for you. Many retail investors are not as misinformed as talking heads continue to incorrectly assume ( and you know what they say about assuming.) To succeed in anything, you must believe. Hedgefunds can be greedy and bet against a company all they want but there are several people passionate for a company’s success. It is hypocritical to impose restrictions on one side and not the other, retail investors deserve the same right as hedge funds to spend their money. Keep in mind: average people such as myself don’t have financial institutions to bail us out. People are investing their hard earned cash in a market primarily catering to millionaires/billionaires. The hypocrisy in who can come up big versus who will get harshly regulated is absurd, unethical and borderline illegal. 2008 damaged the lives of so many people. I wish I could do my part to help back then but alas I was too young at the time. Here we are 13 years later. I didn’t forget the pain that was brought to millions of people. Several of us are being strong and fighting for our families, friends and strangers who were undeservingly wronged by higher institutions. Several of us don’t want to see another company suffer due to irrational hedgefund attacks. How is it fair for these money-hungry monsters to act how they are, get bailed out and continue to instill fear in retail traders? How is it fair that several trading platforms are silencing the voices of retail investors who don’t have billions of dollars in funds to bail them out? You came this far and took the initial leap for a reason. It is time for you to decide if you will allow yourself to be scared or fight harder. The choice is yours at the end of the day. I think it’s beautiful that normal people are so passionate about a company. Example in mind: GameStop. I view this as symbolism. Large institutions have treated people like toys and let millions suffer to relentlessly line their own pockets out of greed. It is time for this ridiculous GAME to STOP. GME motto is: power to the players. Let’s bring back power to the real players- the players who are risking it all, the players who have been harshly affected for years, the players who don’t have millions or billions in funds to bail them out. The players who were treated as worthless time and time again- cheers to those players, cheers to you, cheers to us. Power to the REAL players. These unethical institutions do not need all the power they are hoarding. Sharing is caring, after all. For those of you who are following along on this crazy bumpy ride, I hope you continue to manifest positive thoughts and stay strong in your passion and belief. Passion is energy and you are stronger thank you think, do not EVER forget that. Please keep in mind this is not financial advice. I am not a financial advisor. I just really like the stock.    TLDR: Several retail investors are internally strong and awesome overall. Passion is energy and you are stronger than you think. I really like GME stock. Video games are fun.
Contracts expiration date
Where is the information about contracts expiring? Can anyone link something?
AMC and NOK to the moon
Just grabbed 100 shares of each, don’t let me down fellow retards       .　　　　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　   　 　　　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　　　　　　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　 　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　　　　　　　 　 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ 　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　,　　   　  .　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　ﾟ　  　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　☀️　　.  ,　　　　　　　.　　　　　　    　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　  　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　    　      　　　　　        　　　  　　　　　　　　　　. 　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　   　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　    ✦ 　   　　　,　　　　　　　　　　　      　　　　 　　,　　　 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　 　　 　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　           　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　˚　　　 　   　　　　,　　　　　　　　　　　       　    　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　  　　    　　　　　 　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　  　　   　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　　　　         　        　　　　 　　 　　　　　　　 　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　    　　. 　 　　　　　.　　　　   　　　　　   　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　   　  ˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　ﾟ　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　 　 🌎 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ,　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　  .　　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　   　 　　　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　　　　　　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.
I'M NOT FUCKING LEAVING
The irony of Robinhood protecting the rich who were illegally benefiting off of struggling businesses. Anyways, GO AFTER THEM AOC. Launch hearing after hearing. They shouldn't survive this.
AOC getting on RH’s ASS!!!
I AM NEW AND CURIOUS ABOUT INVESTING - as a finance student, how is what is happening with $GME different than a financial bubble? how is this recovery different from "return to 'normal'"?
TASTYWORKS ALSO BANS OPENING NEW POSITIONS OF GME, AMC, AND KOSS
What brokerage site do we go to now?
Substitute for Robinhood?
Hi Everyone,  As we now all know, Robinhood, TD Ameritrade, and others are now restricting access the the free market for everyone except their hedge fund buddies.  What are some alternative platforms that won’t pull this kind of stunt?  Disclaimer: I do own a small amount of GameStop, and I’m not fucking selling. And no this is not financial advice and I’m not a financial advisor.   I don’t care about the money anymore, I just want to stick it to these hedge fund assholes who are blatantly rigging the market in their favor, and at our expense.   What trading platform will actually allow the free market to operate?  GME         Robinhood 📉📉📉
NAKD IS A BARGAIN RIGHT NOW LET'S MOON IT
USE FIDELITY FOR $GME $AMC
DO IT
[Former hedge fund investor here] As a former investor at one of the biggest 4 long/short shops: this current downward pressure is just because buying is restricted right now. There’s no way these restrictions will hold once volume cools down, and GME/AMC/etc. will shoot up with pent-up buy orders.
Looks like it’s already recovering
WEBULL is no longer allowing trades of AMC, GME, and KOSS. CORRUPT!

I can trade AMC in Schwab again
let’s go to the MOON boys
Anyone else notice WeBull going hard with the ads on social media today?
To those who didn’t jump in to $GME should we support our brothers and sisters by deleting Robinhood to send a message.
I have been away from here and didn’t get a chance to join y’all. It’s some bullshit what they just pulled off. Should we all delete the app and screw them over how they screwed our fellow retards? What other brokers are working to screw us over and should we leave them too?
We’re bouncing back up
Here we goooooooo!!!!!
GME
Dumped another 10k into GME
All y'all talking about holding and here I was planning on buying a couple GME shares for the first time this morning. FML
I'll hold the 10 AMC shares I have though.
Can anyone explain why this is even bigger than Volkswagen short squeeze?
"You can fight, fight without ever winning. But never ever win, win without a fight" - Resit by Rush
Don't give up and HOLD. THE. DOOR!!!!
We’ve almost doubled in the last hour - stay strong!!
GME to 10k
ROBINHOOD AND CITADEL SHOT THEMSELVES IN THE FOOT!
Robinhood and Citadel did the worse possible thing they could have, performing such blatant market manipulation to fuck $GME $NOK $BB $AMC and $NAKD.   They have put themselves in a super vulnerable position and we need to strike, call your representatives, call anyone with a crumb of power and minute of time that can help.  As /u/alphazed said "PLEASE CALL THEM AND VOICE YOUR CONVICTIONS: (202) 225-4247"  contact the House Financial Services Committee to demand a hearing on market manipulation from online brokers."  There are almost 5 million retards here! We have a wide reach and clout to throw around! USE IT!
WE WILL MOON, KEEP HOLDING NAKD! DIAMOND FUCKING HANDS!
Report Robinhood
It's already down to 1\  but now you can click the three dots in the upper right, flag it as inappropriate, and report it for other objections. Let's get this fucker taken down!
No one is selling
It’s unlikely anyone is selling. This is a short ladder. It only looks like the stock is selling off, ini reality, it’s not. Hedge funds sell back and forth with one another at lower and lower bids in rapid succession, tricking algorithms into thinking there is a mass sell off when there actually isn’t. (They do this to scare off retail investors to engineer a sell off).  Once the attack is over, the stock will normally go back up due to its demand. Then they will rinse and repeat their attack, each time hoping to chip away more and more retail investors. Most people in here know this, so if retail investors are selling, it’s unlikely that it’s anyone at all.  Buy the dip on Fidelity
I'm Out of Robinhood
This may get deleted, but I've got a moderate amount in Robinhood (\~$50k) that I've enjoyed because of their free trading, no cost options, etc., but I'm pulling out. I can't do business with a company that stops trading a stock to help hedge funds. I wasn't even part of the GME saga, but I can't stand for that.
Peons: I want to buy a stock to make money. RH: No.
Isn’t that literally the point of the stock market!??
AOC talking about investigating what’s going on with brokerages restricting trading.
BB GANG IF I CAN HOLD SO CAN YOU, BOUGHT AT THE TOP STILL HOLDING STRONG
Processing img bdmf7nubt3e61...
Some old dedicated GameStop employee took stock options and never cashed them, and is absolutely shitting their pants right now.
BUY AND HOLD I LOVE THIS, RICH VS POOR
First time ever doing this bought at 300 dollar down to 150 dollar now they up, and im happier than ever! idgaf even if you are a millionare you are Poor to these guys. We’re all in the same boat lets go!!!!!
You beautiful retards probably did this and I love it.
Going long! AAL - American Airlines
Lets reach out to MrBeast!
We all know what happens when MrBeast gets involved!  Reach out to him on Twitter, see if we can get his attention.  $GME to the moon.  HOLD + BUY THE DIP = TENDIES
Need i say more? This is not financial advice, im retarded
OPTT next?
Ocean power technologies is it next to get Da big Squeeze? 🤔
After this whole debacle is over, stop using Robinhood and short the hell out of its IPO when it comes out as revenge.
Robinhood has made WSB lose millions today by its market manipulation. We can’t allow this to ever happen again and show them the power of individual investors again! When we can, stop using Robinhood, it’s not even the best mobile broker out there, and short the hell out of Robinhood and make them lose more than what we lost! Robinhood going to the abyss!!
How to let RH bend the knee - We can get them to allow trading again
Let them hear that this is bullshit that they are supporting market manipulation. Is capitalism dead?  1. Go to the app store leave your review 2. Tweet the robinhood account -   3. File SEC complaint -   4. Move your money and stocks out via a transfer  UP VOTE THIS.
Dormammu, I've come to HOLD
Falsely marketed products should be taken off of the store shelves
Robinhood, along with other Brokers' apps, who falsely claim to be free with no hinderance to trading, should not be allowed on Apple and Goole's app stores.  File complaints to Apple and Google, and let's make it hurt.
SoFi Just Stopped The Ability To Buy GME Also!
JUST AS MY FUCKING MONEY HIT THE ACCOUNT AND I GO TO BUY  “Apex, our clearing partner, despite our objections, has prevented purchases in GME. Sells are still allowed”  THIS IS WAR!
OTM puts for March. Literally free cheese
Keep Holding?
Betting both sides and losing apparently
Was curious and checked our account with our financial advisor (Ameriprise) and realized we're taking some heavy losses. Apparently, they were holding positions for funds shorting this shit.      Looking at our individual brokerage account and taking heavy losses cause trading platforms are preventing people from buying, only selling which is artificially dropping prices.      I'm still diamond hands in this bitch. $AMC $GME
IF YOU OWN A CHASE ACCOUNT.
You can buy and trade stocks with a chase account if you already have one. you just set up an investor account on your bank account and you can see ALL stocks available.
THE DIP ISN’T ANYTHING TO WORRY ABOUT
It was just the GME ship coming back to pick up the other bros we left because they came a bit later. We are now refuelled and going to Uranus
Time to Leave: Best Alternatives to Robinhood?
WSB can use its strength to kill off Robinhood. What are the best alternatives that newer investors should consider?
Congress is watching!! Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is on board, unacceptable!!
Dips ain't nothin' but hoes and tricks
To the moon ❤️       Papa Elon will see us all today.  Whether it's coins or stocks, we're in this together and we're making sure wall Street know we don't run for shit, WE RUN THIS SHIT!
I just got this today, what’s going to happen?
Drop Robinhood
I have no skin in the game with GameStop, AMC or any other of these stocks. I’ve been using Robinhood to invest for years now and just caught wind of what’s going on here. I sold all of my stocks and am pulling all of my money out until I find a firm that doesn’t pull this shit. It’s time to boycott anyone who thinks we should have to play by different rules.
List of shorted stocks?
Is there a list of shorted stocks that we can access to keep this going?   I feel like this isn’t a loophole or even a back door. We are just leveling the playing field.   The SEC will either have to allow the trading or prohibiting the practice of shorting stocks.
Robinhood is selling peoples shares?
Peaked at (4)
All the trading apps are closed or not listing!
I seem to have missed the boat on this one, I’m with you all in spirit though, make that money!
Use #marketcriminals on Twitter
Let’s call them out publicly, start using #marketcriminals to call out the brokers, hedges, and MM. trading is suspended on many large brokers, not just robinhood. We need this to get to the top of trending and get optics on it right now.
MM's shorting Chamath's SPACs
It looks like MM's are now targeting Chamath's SPACs (IPOF, IPOD, IPOE) after his involvement in GME and interview on CNBC- this whole thing is bullshit/market manipulation at its finest.
Look at your situation and make smart decisions
I truly agree what Robinhood and other platforms are doing is pure market manipulation and hope these hudge funds get fucked after playing us commons to pay for the gambling on wall street.   Just wanted to say don't forget to secure some profits if you've shot to the moon. I know it seems so crazy going from a few grand to tens or hundreds of thousands but understand it's not profit until you secure it. If you have loans or payments to pay for, please help yourself just in case it all gets burned since the market is rigged.   I know the rush of seeing it go up is amazing and greed starts setting in, just understand this is a unique scenario and the money that's coming in so quick will not be easy to make outside of this.   A lot of people are starting their stock trading with this scenario and I don't want people to get a false sense of how trading typically goes.  If you have money that you can risk that you DON'T MIND LOSING, by all means by more shares and send these fuckers a message but again, don't let the greed burn you to the ground where you will hate yourself later for not securing some profit.
I can't do much but I'm fucking thrilled with what's happening! Keep it going guys! Much love from Syria, you got this!!
This is a fight for Humanity!
Robinhood isn’t the only bad guy here. They are being pressured by the big funds and brokerages to commit fraud. Pressuring someone to commit fraud is illegal. We can’t let the people behind this get away with it by making Robinhood a punching bag.
WHAT BROKERAGE CAN I MOVE TO AND START TRADING AGAIN TODAY?
What the title says
AOC calls for investigation into Robinhood restricting trading on certain stocks while institutions can continue to trade unrestricted.
We're come back, HOLD HOLD HOLD, then hold some MORE!
📢LISTEN UP!! I'm down 8k. I'm a student and this is an ENTIRE YEARS WORTH OF WAGES FOR ME. But you know what I'm going to do? HOLDDDDDD    Because I BELIEVE in you! Also, FUCK ROBINHOOD!! GME BB!!!
Marry meeeeeeeeeeee
An Opportunity to Change the World through Crispr(CRSP) Real scifi shit.
A lot of us have sick people we want to take care of. The rocket we've ridden for the last few days had helped some us us take care of those we love. But it seems like the rocket has run out of fuel. So I have found another opportunity that could change lives forever. Some of you may already know about it but regardless I'm going to talk about it because I truly believe in it. It's called Crispr. It's a genetic editing technology with massive potential. Imagine all the hereditary diseases and health issues that may exist in your family. Alzheimer's, diabetes, high blood pressure, heart failure, all manner of cancers of syndromes. Crispr has the capability to remove those things from your children and the children that follow at the genetic level. Crispr scientists received a Nobel Prize earlier this year for their work. About 4 months ago, they treated a few individuals suffering from sickle cell disease. Those people now live virtually symptom free. Every time Crispr Therapeutics(CRSP) puts out a press release, it's good news, and this pumps up their stock price dramatically. They peaked somewhere around the $210 per share mark a few weeks ago and have corrected down to $170 per share in the last 2 days. The crazy part is that this is a publicly traded company that has no products on the market. They're operating at a loss, similarly to the way Tesla and Amazon were in recent years. The moment those two companys posted any profits, their share price flew through the roof to the moon. I dont see why Crispr Therapeutics(CRSP) would be any different. I would paste links to news articles, press releases, and research data, but there is so much out there about that I don't feel the need to. See for yourselves. Look at the data, look at the charts and make the choice for yourself. The potential for this investment is sky high. It's an investment for you as individuals, and it's an investment in the future of medicine.
SEE THE SIMILARITIES WITH THE VW 2008 SQUEEZE, JUST HOLD AND SEE YOU AT THE MOON
They've emptied the chamber. These bankers got nothing left. Keep buying
WE WON'T BACK DOWN!
Amc
Uhhh over night and this morning how did amc drop so hard?!?! Big wow.
YOU CAN STILL BUY WITH. CASHAPP
Cashapp you can buy AMC cashapp go go go
We can not buy any of these stocks from RH $AAL, $AMC, $BB, $BBBY, $CTRM, $EXPR, $GME, $KOSS, $NAKD, $NOK, $SNDL, $TR, and $TRVG.
This is what RH saying   "We continuously monitor the markets and make changes where necessary. In light of recent volatility, we are restricting transactions for certain securities to position closing only, including $AAL, $AMC, $BB, $BBBY, $CTRM, $EXPR, $GME, $KOSS, $NAKD, $NOK, $SNDL, $TR, and $TRVG. We also raised margin requirements for certain securities."   \ --     I think this app needs to be abundant and any app that doing the same, this market should be open and we are free to buy and sell any stock with no limitation.
I just diversified my portfolio by having GME on RH and then opening a Fidelity account and buying GME there.
Bought the Dip via JPMC brokerage.... hold the...
Donald Trump Jr, Ted Cruz, and AOC are with us!!! GME to the MOON!!!
There he is!
Buying GME is Marxism
dogcoin to 1$
can we do it dont lett the gov to stop us
AOC is on our side
AOC! AOC! AOC!
Rockets Refueled!!!
Just bought 23 more GME at the dip!!!
Today has been quite a day...
SOFI not blocking $GME or $AMC
If you have a sofi account you can still buy $GME and $AMC. I have student loans from them and have been using them for trading. Also, deposited funds become available immediately
This should be the end of the robinhood app.
This kind of fuckery will be the demise of these conspirators.      working directly with citadel to manipulate the market is the final straw.     the veil has been lifted, it is just another tool used to control you.      see you in court idiots
Robinhood? More like Robbing Hood....
Best of luck
From my country I cannot buy GME due to foreign investment restriction. But i am looking at chart of GME constantly and on edge. I think this is everyones battle. We must beat those fucking hedge funds at their own game. Cowards using robinhood to manipulate market.  Best of luck warriors!!
HOLD THE LINE LADS! HOLD THE LINES!!!
WE SHALL NEVER SUREENDER!!
We shall fight in the markets, we shall fight on the seas and oceans, we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air, we shall defend our GME, whatever the cost may be. We shall fight during market open, we shall fight during extended hours, we shall fight the media and the ex-billionaire hedge fund managers. We shall NEVER surrender, and even if, which I do not for a moment believe, our GME or a large part of it were subjugated and starving by the greedy market manipulators, then our Empire of Autists beyond the seas, armed and guarded by their DIAMOND HANDS, would carry on the struggle, until, in WSB's good time, the new world, with all its power and might, steps forth to the rescue and the liberation of the old.
Well, looks like AMC broke Ally, and they won't let me buy any of that or GME. Any recommendations for firms/services to switch to?
Running list of places you can still buy GME
Fidelity (you may experience some lag)  Stash  SoFi  TD Ameritrade / Canada Trust  E-Trade  Vanguard  TradeZero  Chase Bank  If there are any others, let me know and I’ll add it!
If this wasn’t going to be a movie before, it sure as hell is now. Someone get David Fincher on the line!
Here’s a cast list for you:  u/deepfuckingvalue: Kevin Costner  Citadel Big Boss: Robert Loija  Citadel Lackey 1: Christopher McDonald  Citadel Lackey 2: Ben Kingsley  Andrew Left: John Favreau  Michael Burry: Christian Bale  Robinhood CEO1: Benedict Cumberbatch  Robinhood CEO2: Kumail Nanjiani  AOC: Gal Gadot  Reddit Bot lackey: Steve Buscemi  Random Redditor 1: Jesse Eisenberg  Random Redditor 2: Tom Middleditch  Random Redditor 3: Michael Cera  Random Redditor 4: Andras Arato (Hide the Pain Harold)  Female Redditor 1: Kristen Schaal  Female Redditor 2: Alia Shawkat  Random Wall Street Guy: Zach Woods   Random Wall Street Girl: Kristen Wiig  Wife’s Boyfriend: Russel Brand  WSB Baby: Danny DeVito
You are here.
I SURVIVED THE GREAT BILLIONAIRE MEME CRASH WITH ONLY 300 dollars in LOSSES
GameStop: Reddit users claim victory as $13bn hedge fund closes position, accepting huge losses
HOLDING THE LINE FOR MY AMERICAN BROTHERS. 1000   POSITIONS BOUGHT @$
Holding the line for you boys until we can figure out way after this robinhood bs
Fidelity's new user sign up page is down, I assume from millions of users fleeing Robinhood
Destroy Robinhood
With Robinhood basically doing a bunch of shady shit it’s insane they’re app is rated 5 . Why not hit them where it hurts go rank robinhood 1  on the AppStore
Anyone going for SNDL?
I just put 20 in. Should I go higher?
What you're doing now is making trickle-down economy actually kinda work
And they hate it, oh they hate it so much xD     Diamond hands, boys.
My pull out game is weak, but I'm going to pull out of RH
What platform is can I get on now to buy the dip
RH fucked us, several other platforms are experiencing long waits because of new user influx. Or you have to wait days for your bank to clear. Is there any app that I can start a new account and buy GME today before it moons again?
Status of AMC
I know there are many hype men around AMC being similar to GME. Currently GME is too hard to get into on partial shares. I don’t want any hype men comments but Is the amc spike realistic after this GME fiasco. Or will the big boys up on wall street crush anything like this from happening again
Glitch? Wouldn't have sold anyway.
Today's market manipulators should get 451,612 years in prison.
The average american earns 31k per year. I read somewhere that wall street lost 14 billion yesterday. If they manipulate the market to get it back, they are stealing 14 billion from the average retail investor. I think it's fair to punish such theft by converting the dollar amount to the time it would take the average American to earn that. In other words, it would take average americans 451,612 years to earn  what they are trying to steal today. Time is money and they are stealing 451,612 years worth of labor from the public. Ianal, I just like stonks.
Theory on why brokers are disallowing trading of GME et al
I saw a post where someone was posting Citadel owns RH and forced them to stop initiating trades of the meme stocks.  (as far as i know there is no factual basis to Citadel owning RH, it has not been part of any public fund raising rounds dating back to inception of the company)   When i think about it further, it takes a HUGE deal (much bigger than collapse of 1 or 2 hedge funds, or the loss of customers for a few brokers) for the SEC to allow something as drastic as stopping trading in these shares (as it essentially guarantees huge losses to people who get in the past day, without appropriate price discovery to the upside or downside.. and arguably benefits counterparties on the otherside of these trades)   Citadel is a market maker.. meaning they take the other side of when you buy/sell a stock or option. All of these positions are/should be hedged for risk management purposes. It is possible they either couldnt hedge in time (due to the rapid price movements late last week/early this week) OR made an active decision to be exposed on the short side (i think former is more likely).  If this is true, it would put citadel's exposure as much greater than Melvin or likely any other individual hedge fund.   This is a HUGE deal - much bigger than the failure of Melvin Capital - because Citadel is responsible for \~33-45% market making activity on equity/option trades. If they failed, it would conceivably have a huge role in destabilizing markets.   Just my theory..  definitely a fascinating look at market mechanics      anyone have background on wall street to know if this theory might hold water?
Trade Republic, the German Robin Hood, also stopped taking buy Orders on GME, AMC and Others.
DO NOT FOKIN SELL
I'm new here but I've been closely and enthusiastically watching this shit progress.  We can clearly see the market being manipulated. We can see news, media, social networks and even investing platforms being controlled by massive organizations and rich people as they desperately try to erase this chapter from history.  But this despair of theirs, is hope for us. Ya'll must admit it's fun watching these fucks panic for the first time in their life.  I've had a shit ton of fun and consider buying some shares too (not from USA so get fucked Robinhood), so let me just clarify:   selling is maybe a safe move for you right now, but not only will you fuck up yourself - since you could get way more - you will also fuck up everyone else  .   Hold yer fokin shares ladies! Be patient and we'll show these corrupted assholes what lifeless angry redditors are capable of!     Selling now is looking corruption in its eyes and letting it win.    It's more than money at this point. Look how Wall St. completely lost its shit and gave up on all its principles in a matter of days! Suddenly no one's ok with market manipulation. America's fucked up system is showing its true colors and we are ought to fight it!     Hold even if it means risking it    The media will lie, they already do. The investing platforms will limit you, they already do. The market will be manipulated, it already is. The social media will censor you, it already does. But it's worth it. Let's show them that not only the big kids can play with the toys! Let's put those babies back in their diapers!    ️
ALTERNATIVES TO ROBINHOOD for the US
Webull does not allow you to buy GME
Volatility of $GME
Analysts have pegged $GME between $10 and $750.  Movement will occur between this range.  And this is a HUGE RANGE.  This movement is to be expected.  Stay calm, stick to your plan.    Remember just on Monday the real analysts said as long as it stays $115+ (at close) it's  .
Retweet for some Robinhood transparency!
We will not falter. We will not sell. DO YOU HEAR US YOU WALL STREET FUCKS? WE. WILL. HOLD. TO. THE. MOOOOON!
UPDATE: SEC and FINRA complaint forms are offline
SEC and FINRA complaint forms have been taken offline, the whole system is fucking corrupt as shit, everyone take screenshots of the SEC and FINRA sites being taken offline for the class action suit
Congress is taking notice
LIST OF ALTERNATIVE PLATFORMS/BROKERS 📌
Alternatives for buying GME:    • Vanguard  • eTrade  • Tasty  • SoFi  • Merrill Edge  • Revolut  • Fidelity  • Schwab  • Vanguard  • Tastyworks       TIP:   When switching platforms DON'T add funding through bank account - use credit/debit card instead otherwise you will have to wait 1-2 days!      If any of these don't work or you know other good platforms just let me know and I'll edit the list.
Did my small part!
Tiny bet to support, couldn’t use Robinhood so I had my old man grab some for me through ETRADE. GME & AMC  . Good luck everyone, suck it Wall Street, bye Robinhood!
Now both Ted Cruz and AOC wants to investigate Robinhood and other platforms that manipulate the stocks today
Flink App
I've been reading that uou can't trade shares anymore on some sites, in Mexico there's an app called Flink and you can buy and sell from there, but I dunno if it's available in the US.
Not only robinhood - Trading 212 also restricting from buying in the UK.
KODK in a dip?
Kodak seemed to have dipped as well. Thoughts?
Where can I buy GME right now without waiting days for an account to open!?
Holding 3 shares at $330 trying to get a few more
Take a Minute and look at the Pure Manipulation going on by the suits. They have cut off the retail investor in order to profit
Did Biden administration have something to do with todays trading lockdown?
Calls for trading 212 in be investigated in the Uk after halting buys

My broker BLOCKED buying GME, AMC, Blackberry & Nokia!
How am I supposed to double down now??
BREAKING: Class action complaint against @RobinhoodApp filed in the southern district of NY
Opened a Robinhood account yesterday and received this message today telling me I can’t trade GameStop and AMC
Sue Robinhood Petition
1611882683
Trading GME on TDA?
Has anyone had trouble buying GME on TDA this morning?
Trying to buy more GME on wealth simple, has been opening for almost an hour. Is this normal?
Like five title says. I LIKE THIS STOCK, and wealth simple seems to not be able to fulfill my order. What's everyone's normal wait time.
Thought I’d share my AMC haul. I sold at $  in premarket yesterday. I’m going to buy again if robinhood opens up trading though.
You degenerates are now being considered professionals. Too bad we’re just a bunch of COMMONERS that fell asleep on the BUY button so hard the mouse is broken and we can’t possibly sell even if we wanted to.
WSB tees?? Etc??
Yolo
Will people buy NAK in bulk thinking its NAKD?
Will NAK shoot up from people thinking it's NAKD and buying?
Is it a good idea to switch from Robinhood?
I know that’s home to many of us, but considering their actions today, and selling out to Citadel, is it a good idea to switch brokerages?   Only been investing for three months, and have only made small gains, so I’m a newbie compared to some. Just genuinely interested if we’re boycotting Robinhood after this is over
Public is with us!
Sign up for Robinhood to get your free stock and then LEAVE IT THERE
Do NOTHING with your account! I am going to take all my money out and leave that   one   free stock in there as a reminder of what they did today. foreva  lets not turn this into a thread of people asking to use their signup link either. Contact a friend that might have an account already.
Imagine making such a bad decision you accidentally unite the country
Guys, please focus on $GME
We know $GME are over-shorted and if we focus our fire power on it, we can force them to a position with no choice and squeeze money into the market . But other stonks are not over-shorted and even we try all we can, we may not be able to force the shorters to give up. If we keep our firepower focused on $GME, I think victory won’t be that far .
SoFi also manipulating market by blocking purchase
Robinhood freezing fund transfers out.
You can still transfer money in though! How fucking generous of them.  Anyway I got a canned email saying there’s a hold on my account, most likely due to a bank reversal on withdrawals. What the fuck.  Who the fuck are they to control what I can and can’t do with my fucking money.  Fuck Robinhood. Going over to Webull for my degenerate gambling needs.  I wonder if I can call my bank and get them to take the money out of RH for me. Robinhood trying to force me to not do anything out of anger is just pushing me into hulk rage mode. Fuck these people and fuck the app. I hope it crashes and burns.
Where to buy GME
Fuck Robinhood, what’s a better platform
What UK platforms are allowing the purchase of GME right now?
Trading212 is screwing me over. What platforms are allowing you to buy GME that don't take days to verify your identity? Can't believe I missed out on the $120 dip cause of T212.
Fuck Wall Street I’m balls deep and I’m not pulling out
Trade Republic App just banned buying of GMC!
F... Trade Republic give them 1  too!
AOC this morning
What’s going on with NOK & BB?
Fairly new autist so quite paperhanded and the shares of these two stocks have dropped quite a bit today and have me worried
Hold? No. BUY that dip! (Green circles are me) - GME 45 shares
Put all my buying powe in
WealthSimple part 2
1611882670
I made a visualization of WallStreetBets discussion alongside $GME
BB Stock, should I buy the DIP?
shit is so grimy
where the fck was the help from media and brokerages when we were losing 90% of our portfolio on weeklies. If the hedge funds got out at the dips today conspired by the media and brokerages. THIS IS CLEAR MARKET MANIPULATION. FCK THEM ALL.
Hold the line! We can ride the wave back up.
We got this boys. We need all the help we can get. Hold the line. Double down. The time is now! Changes is upon us.
Taken from another post. The Class Action Lawsuit Against Robinhood.

Class action
Anyone working on a class action yet due to limiting the buying of shorted stocks?
Webull just pulled out. How tf do I get in on the action?
Ok I’m very inexperienced with the stock market, never invested before. But I thought I would take the plunge today.  I saw that Robinhood pulled out. So I signed up for webull literally 30min ago, and I guess as a I was signing up, webull sent out a tweet saying that they wouldn’t allow their clients to invest or sell in any of the volatile stocks rn.  Anyone recommend an easy enough brokerage that I can sign up for today?
GME back over 300
It's happening, GME to 69,420!
We are winning and probably have won
While our stocks go down as people panic sell and everyone here    the stocks we like, we forced these criminals to act right in public view. We have exposed their tactics and they are caught in the act. There is no escaping this, enjoy the show ladies and gentlemen as the lawsuits roll in.  If you don't think anything will happen, remember stock manipulation causes loss of confidence in the market if it's not addressed. Could overall hurt the economy if they try to turn a blind eye.  TL;DR - Stonks go
Warning for @Robinhood NEVER go public
I’m sure we can all agree on why. They fucked us and we will fuck them!
WSB Hedgefund?
if you are getting blocked for GME go to AMC BB NOK
these are the next targets lets get these to the moon before the hedges find out what hit them
This is only January
Message for Melvin, Citadel, and Robinhood:
BUY BUY BUY!!!
SO MANY BUYS>>>>KEEP IT COMING!!!
GME!!!!!!!
Guys going up time to buy now !!!! To the fucking Moon!
Can someone explain stocks to me I just don’t understand.
What do all the terms mean and what is all this about. I’ve no idea how this works.
Welcome to the WSB Army! If you have 50,000 shares or .0005 shares, it doesn't matter! You're doing your part soldier! HOLD ON TO IT, WE'RE WINNING THIS WAR!
🧤 🧤🧤 🤑🤑💰💰💰 for everyone!
ONLY GOOD CITRON TWEET
HOLD IT DOWN BROTHERS
Robinhood is freezing trades
Currently Robinhood is freezing trades on Nokia GameStop and others  You might want to move away from them
AMC IS ON A CLIMB AGAIN - BUY BUY BUY AND FUCKING HOLD RETARDS
BUY $AMC AND FUCKING HOLD AUTISTS
Im new here and don't know much about stocks or what not, is there another way to buy gamestop stocks or something? And how would I go on about purchasing stocks?
We need to emissary out to other subreddits! Send text posts out to foreign subreddits and let the people know! Let them know that now is the perfect time to buy $AMC and $GME! Don’t just sit in here in the echo chamber let the world know to BUY AND FUCK THE HEDGIES!!!
TELL JAPAN TELL CHINA TELL RUSSIA WAKE THE GOD DAMN WORLD UP AND LET THEM ALL KNOW!
Greetings fellow retards. I a few of our kindred brethren had the brilliant idea of going to the App Store and letting everyone know of RH’s true colors. You know what to do, and as always
Some loss porn for you fellas. My hands are made of diamond though
FOR EVERYONE IN THE UK/AUS DOWNLOAD STAKE - ITS ALL WORKING - UPVOTE TO HELP OTHERS
Apex Clearing closes GME purchasing on SoFi despite platform objection. History is being made.
Paper hands read this 💩🤲
Imagine the look on there faces when they see gme go 800+ tomorrow when they cashed out at 450. 🥺 whoops   🤲 🤲 🤲 🤲 🤲 🤣💸
Ivy League economics professor: "It turns out the aristocracy did have one more move. Just change the rules of engagement..."
Can we see how many shorts have already been covered during the last heist on GME?
Transferring my portfolio from ScamHood to WeBull!! GME HOLD THE LINE
for fellow retards:
This is messed up
Ok so I am knocking on 40 and been poor most of my life. I remember seeing stocks like Google, and Amazon when they were small fry and wishing I had the money or know how to get into investing. I always dreamt of being in the market. I grew older and managed to study and work myself out of poverty, as of the last 5yrs or so I managed to work myself up to make a decent living. I got into the market 2yrs ago with some small stocks and have been trying to grasp it ever since.   Then this whole Gamestonk thing happened, and I know you all are a bunch of retards and are winging this shit, but I loved it, I even put in a few hundred bucks into it, cuz it was amazing watching everyday people working the market, after all, I have been taught that this is a free market and anyone can make it, right? You just gotta be in it.   But then social media turned against it, CNBC, NYT, and everyone who reported it added their passive aggressive tone. Then today it all hit a fever pitch and Robinhood and Weebull caved in and started restrictions to the average buyer and now the regular people are stuck without a means to be in it while the stocks dip, fucking over the regular american and helping those who bet on failures, and it makes you wonder.  So I sold everything I had on Robinhood, except GME, cuz honestly FUCK THEM! I'm holding until the very end, then closing my account. When I bought into it, I did it with the assumption that I can lose the money and honestly with as poor as I've been my whole life, losing that money doesn't scare me. It's fucked up that after spending a lifetime trying to get into this fucking market, you learn that it's not for the average people, that the idea that this is a FREE market is utter bullshit and that if anything out of the norm happens, it gets collectively shut down by the people in charge.   So as I leave the stock market, with a bitter taste in my mouth, I say this.... FUCK YOU ROBINHOOD FUCK YOU WEEBULL FUCK YOU WALLSTREET FUCK EVERY HEDGE FUND AND EAT THE FUCK RICH, CUZ THEY WILL FUCKING CUT YOU DOWN IF YOU EVEN THINK OF WAKING IN THEIR LANE
Gmeee!!! AMC! Let’s gooooo
IT’S A START!!
Just found this on Robinhood
HOLD ON THAT GME, ITS RISING AGAIN
You can still purchase TD Ameritrade
You can still purchase on TD.
my coworker just had a portion of one of his shares of GME sell for $5, , anybody know why? did somebody fatfinger something and he reaped the rewards?
Sink Robinhood
This should be the next movement. The “will of the people” is what we need them to realize. Sinking Robinhood to ashes will let them know we control what happens. If this business cannot provide the service we need then send them a message. 0 out your account and delete the app!!
Get in line to fuck RH right back
Link to the SEC complaint forms
Yesterday gains at market close. Today's losses due to wall street manipulation. Guess what? I'm not fucking selling.
DONT SELL     WE ARE THE MOON MEN
Help us newbies!
Hi everyone,   First thanks so much for doing this. I love what you're doing and I want to help out and also begin trading on my own. I've been doing as much research as I can and I have a basic grasp on the fundamentals of the stock market, but I don't know where or how to get started on my own. I was hoping someone could point me in the right direction. I also hope that anyone else who's too shy to ask for help can find some help through this thread.     Again, thanks to all of you for doing this, fuck the hedge funds.
Really proud gen Xer
I’m old, i know it. It’s fun being a part of all this(not selling btw). Merril lynch has blocked me from buying. It’s nice to see this young generation from all over the globe come together and do something our generation never had the numbers to   the rich. Keep it up, stay strong. This is history in the making.
Let's CHARGEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!......
GME OR BB I LIKE THE STOCK
I just really like it!
Our rocket crashed
Sad but true
Oh no that sucks
GUYS, LET'S ALL PICK A STOCK AND GO BALLS DEEP, UNITE AS ONE
I wasn't a fan of $GME, I went balls deep in $AMC, some went in $BB, some in $NOK...  We need a company that a big hedge fund has shorted a decent amount, it doesn't have to be the next GME or anything like that. Just because they're isolating us DOES NOT MEAN THAT WE CAN'T WIN, THEY FORGET WE'RE RETARDED, YOU SEPARATE US FROM OUR WOMEN AND WE'LL JUST FORNICATE WITH EACH OTHER, NOTHING WRONG WITH KEEPING IT IN THE FAMILY.     WE HAVE TO FIND ONE AND WORK TOGETHER, FUCK THE BIG MAN        REMEMBER, APES. TOGETHER. STRONG
$600 is more than enough, guys!
Is anyone actually able to purchase GME, AMC, BB etc?
Every single app I've tried refuses to let me purchase. Cash app has been pending for AMC for 3 hours. How is anybody actually accomplishing anything?  I also put several hundred into Robinhood before they cancelled my purchases. How can I get my money back from them, without purchasing more stock through them?
AOC IS WITH US!!!!!! HOLD THE FUCKING LINEE
Robinhood Alternatives
After Robinhood dug its own grave earlier today I imagine a lot of people are going to be jumping ship as soon as GME reaches  Alpha-Centauri. What other trading apps are people planning on using once Robinhood burns to the ground?
GME suspended on webull?
Was literally about to buy in and it now appears to be suspended. Are we the ones now getting squeezed? This is getting concerning.
Call and Email your House of Representative Member asking them to open our these brokers
Enter your Zipcode find a house Member and Call and Email them and ask them to put up Pressure on these brokers to Open up     IF someone knows what to say to get these congress members to act on our behalf      please write it down I am not too good. on that area
Robinhood is dead.
At this point there should be no question that Robinhood is a a terrible platform to use. In times when free trade is of the utmost importance, Robinhood turns its back to Main Street to suck on Wall Street.   This has to be the final straw. In coming weeks, all traders on Robinhood should change platforms. You can’t perform this type of market manipulation without seeing the penalty: no more users.
If Robinhood wanted to really protect the naive investor, they would put a disclaimer to educate them on what’s happening, not block all of us from buying!
This is clearly an attempt to protect the institutional investors.
Buy Buy Buy NOK
Keep buying and holding
Save and repost it!!!!
How to see if other companies like Tesla or other companies are shorted.
I see a lot of posts stating that r/wallstreetbets is using data do see that certain companies are shorted. How do you figure this out. What metrics do you look at or what calculations do you use? I've heard that Tesla is also shorted big by these hedge funds, at least in the past. I've look on the stock ticker but can't figure out how to see if it is shorted.
Scheduled purchases of AMC and NOK not going through on cash app. Anyone else having these issues?
A Valuable Lesson
I hope this stands out to anybody who buys a stock and watches it plummet.  You NEVER EVER FUCKING EVER sell into dips; YOU BUY THEM.     GME is now back from $130 to $260 and it will continue to climb.  If they try again to make a massive plummet, you need to invest more into it, not sell your shares at a loss.
THEY ARE TRICKING YOU ON AMC AND GME. CLASS ACTION LAWSUITS TIME!
THEY ARE SELLING BETWEEN THEMSELVES TO PUSH THE STOCK DOWN (the institutional investors).     HOLD THE LINE. NEVER SELL. FUCK ROBINHOOD AND FUCK TD WHO BOTH WONT LET ME BUY. THIS IS LITERALLY ILLEGAL. I HAVE 100K I CANT USE. FUCKING PIECES OF SHIT! WE NEED TO CLASS ACTION BOTH OF THEM!
WE ARE PASSING THE FINAL TEST -- SUPERNOVA MEGA ULTRA GAMMA SQUEEZE INCOMING
Folks, I cannot believe what just happened. We all saw the dip which is now climbing back stronger than ever.  Think about what this means. After a GIGANTIC loss people still are tripping over themselves to get on this ROCKET SHIP. This means the majority of us are STILL HOLDING STRONG.  They have tested us and we are passing.  KEEP IT UP  WE WILL WIN THIS
Remember to contact your state reps, SEC, FINRA, and leave bad reviews for brokers that are screwing you.
Seriously, Robinhood and others are manipulating the market against regular people and ones who don’t know about the markets yet need to know who to avoid.
Short sellers make or lose $60million for ever dollar we move LETS MAKE THEM FUCKING 💰 PAY!
Let’s make there loss porn look like a bankrupt country’s failing currency chart
Position closing only.. what bs
How is the market not fixed? Look at that. Killing investments for the small guy while saving the big guys.
Keep it going and keep holding it!
I haven't bought shares, unfortunately, as I live in a third-world country and I am still waiting to be approved on several apps.   However, I get super excited whenever the stock value goes up and I really hope all of you will keep holding it and succeed! Don't give up! 💪
This is what a revolution looks like in the 21st century
The elite control everything and today is a serious reminder of that. I'm not in it for the profit. From Canada here and I'm buying today and prepared to lose every dollar I put in if that's what it takes for them to lose their lunch money.
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez: Would support a hearing into Robinhood based on latest actions. Remember which politicians stand up for you in these times.
Europe brokers prohibiting poeple from buying $GME $AMC
This is from DEGIRO this Morning,    Translation   :  We are contacting you regarding the US stocks that have been the subject of a particularly high and unusual number of transactions in recent days, namely the stocks of the companies AMC Entertainment Holdings (US00165C1045) and GameStop (US36467W1099). Our services have blocked the possibility of placing market orders (and therefore “stop-loss” trigger orders) for these securities.
AAL TAKING OFF, HOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLDDDDDDD!
IM NOT FKIN SELLING! THEY CAN STRIP MY TENDIES AWAY BUT THEYLL HAVE TO BRING IN THE DAMN ARMY TO MAKE ME SELL 30 AMC c7 6/18/21 AND GME c115 1/18/22 TIL THE GODDAMN WHEELS FALL OFF
GME causing a chain effect internationally.  Everywhere
AOC is with us!
Exchanges blocking trades in shorts should be banned for good!
This is outrageous. How can these guys make such risky marked manipulations and bail each other out without any risk?  This cannot be legal. I am closing my robin account!
ANYONE ELSE SEEING ROBIN HOOD NO LONGER SHOWING REAL TIME UPDATES ON GME?
Am I just a retard? Checked other stocks not apart of this manipulation from citadel and they are updating just fine.
Sofi blocking $AMC?
I tried to buy more $AMC and it says its unavailable. Anyone else have an issue with sofi?
HOLD YOUR $GME PEOPLE. PSA: I LOVE YOU!
GME ON TD AGAIN
Got in 211
I just bought 4 more shares.. I am all in and running as hard as i can. I am no coward.. I am no tourist....     or 💩 . How i do.. Hold LLLLOOONNNGGG
Not the first time: “The brokerage (Robinhood) hid from 2015 to late 2018 that its biggest source of revenue was funneling orders to Wall Street titans including Citadel Securities and Two Sigma Securities.”
Are we still shooting AMC?
AMC has been holding steady for a while and all I see is GME. I know you can buy stonks on fidelity but there is some lag.
Portofolio enhanced today with GME BB NOK. Will hold until 0. It's not about the money, it's about the statement.
Class Action Lawsuit for Suspending Trading of Stocks
Suspending trading of these stocks has lost a lot of us money today. We need a law firm to initiate a class action lawsuit on our behalf against all of the retail trading platforms that have suspended the trading of these stocks. If you represent a law firm - this needs to happen. They need to know this is NOT ok.
I’m sitting here crying, I love you fucks
I was born in 2000, to a moderately low income family at the time, I’m not gonna give you guys the sob story because who gives a fuck, point is, there were some nights w/o water and electricity before 08’. Then the crash hit, I watched my parents work their asses off to do everything to provide for me and my two siblings. Yet there were still those nights without water, or some nights we had no electricity, then it became meals. Making sure I got two lunches at school was important. I still haven’t been able to put on weight. My parents drowned themselves in alcohol for four years before they were able to unfuck themselves. These firms robbed me of my fucking childhood. I could have had it way worse. But I’m sitting here fucking crying at this beautiful movement and I just want to say I love you fucking degenerates so fucking much  I’m sitting on the sidelines like a true degenerate fomoing w/ $300 cash in my robinhood account that I can’t use on gme
HOLDIN THE LINE BOIS       👏
for Canadians!
Can’t buy BB in the US?!? We gonna boost these things back up with the Canadian versions cause screw the hedge fund people! Screw the assholes who’ve lost a bit of their money and want to stop us, the little players from making just a fraction of their income from these stocks! Power to the players!!! 💪✊😎 -GameStop quote.
If you want GME to climb back up, don’t post negative comments!
Alright listen up, obviously the hedge funds are pulling favors and slicking palms in an attempt to ____ us. OBVIOUSLY IT WON’T FUCKING WORK! However, they managed to pull something off you may not have realized.   If you post a negative comment here or anywhere,   people see it.   What do you think will happen when people see something negative in relation to a stock? I’m not going to say because          STAY POSITIVE! SPREAD POSITIVITY FOR OTHERS TO SEE IN RELATION TO GME! It’s time to fight the ____ $hit tactics by hedge funds with praise and hold/buy talk!   If someone googles GME, ends up in WSB, and starts reading which will 100% influence their behavior:   WHAT WOULD YOU WANT THEM TO BE READING?    To fucking BUY! HOLD! Get on Fidelity or whatever platform will allow you to BUY!   Don’t say ANYTHING about _____ not allowing ____ DO YOU UNDERSTAND?!?   We may be morons, but by the end of all this wouldn’t you rather be WEALTHIER morons?!  STAY POSITIVE PEOPLE! GME TO THE EDGE OF SPACE!                                  I’m not a financial advisor and this is not financial advice
CLASS ACTION complaint filed in the southern district of New York against @RobinhoodApp
What is a good replacement for Robinhood?
After today there's no way I want them around my money.
THE WORLD IS TAKING US SERIOUSLY SO NOW IS OUR TIME TO SHINE. HOLD YOUR STONKS LETS MAKE SOME TENDIES.
YOU CAN STILL BUY AMC THROUGH CASH APP! CONTRIBUTE WHAT YOU CAN AND HOLD THE LINE!
Outlook on Citadel
Some bug in the portfolio of my wife\`s boyfriend, wanted to share with you guys. One ape weak, apes together strong. Never sell. GME to 5000
The only way out is through, they cannot beat us if we stand together and overcome their tactics. United we stand, divided we fall. This has never been more true.
We must rise together if we are to win this. Do not succumb to fear! We are the people, and we the people will prevail!!
Unable to buy $GME anywhere. Right now, all some of us can do is sit back, cross our fingers, and wait.
FUCK ROBINHOOD
when we lose it’s just part of the game, but when they lose, they’ll turn off the console
Hold the line everyone. A free market should be exactly that Free for everyone not just the rich
PLTR is moving interestingly.
Big dip today, might have potential for growth once markets calm. Might be good if you can't buy anything else atm.
Wait... Y’all.
Sue the cheaters
File your complaint about Robinhood, and others, to the CFPB. Let’s drown them in complaints.
Trying to close out my Robinhood account can't withdraw funds.
They will not let me withdraw funds to my bank.  Anyone else experiencing this?
Dis they just Steisand effect themselves?
By trading platforms restricting buying, they sure have brought a lot of eyes on to themselves. This could bring in reinforcements from all over the place. We hold the line long enough and them apes come through... Well we going to the horsehead nebula soon enough.
Where to buy right now amidst the craziness
Robinhood is blocked. Webull is blocked. CashApp is blocked.  TD Ameritrade is telling me 2-4 days for account review.  Fidelity is constant server errors.   ETrade is looking like it will work, but it's requiring wire transfer and not a direct deposit.   I've never used DEGIRO, is it safe?
Where can we buy GME right now that doesn't require days to set up a bank account?
Robinhood sucks.  Fidelity takes days to confirm.  What else is there?
BREAKING NEWS! CNN!
Oregon Attorney General Commits To Help Victims Of Financial Crimes
I assume the stance of other State's Attorney Generals is about the same.  Call them to discuss your dildo concerns..
AOC on board with investigating Robinhood's blatant market manipulation - the coalition grows and WE FUCKING HOLD
Does anyone know how to buy GME outside the US???
I am in South America
MERRILL BLOCKING TRADES. MORE MARKET MANIPULATION. We're making the wallstreet brokers hurt, like they hurt us so many times. Remember to HOLD. This is about more than money now. This is a movement.
Transferring brokerage account from RH
Once we have our tendies from the GME squeeze, I will be transferring my brokerage account from RH. What are the best options out there with 0 or low commission trades?
Who wants to start the   petition for allowing Robinhood and others to support free market values?
I’m literally crying with joy. I’m so proud of this world movement against the establishment. Hold $GME!!!
People reporting in from all over the world to help support us. This is so beautiful to see. We the people are fighting against the elite. They are scared of us. They took shots at us and are doing their best to manipulate $GME prices to fall.   We are all strangers yet the bond we have formed  is stronger than any of those hedge fund elites will ever have with their cronies. I love you all so much. This is a once in a life time historical moment to fuck the Elite and I’m so proud of the trust we have for each other and the faith we have in each other. We will make it through this. The short squeeze WILL HAPPEN! Hold $GME and keep buying my fellow brethren. They are scared of us. They are using every dirty illegal tactic in the playbook and we are still standing strong. We will prevail. The working man will get his tendies!
HOLD GUYS JUST FUCKING HOLD
HOLD NAKD  HOLD NOK  HOLD BB  HOLD YOUR FUCKING HORSES
JaRule!
GME Suspended
GME Stock is showing as suspended on WeBull as of 11:01 central
HELLO FROM SPAIN YOU SICK FUCKS   STILL HOLDING
Hello you autistic retards, I'm still holding in here despite everything and you should too!!  $GME                $BB
A truly delicious local top price as reinforcements prepare for the next attack wave   🧤
BB- $25k loss today. Holding the line!!!    . I’m not selling! Added one more position today!
Canadian here got your back. Just put most of my liquid cash into GME because you know what, I also Like This Stock! Hurry up and another non-shite broker setup...
M1 Finance still good! You don't have as much control when you can buy/sell but you still can!
Yeeeeet. Let's Go!!!!!!
Did any brokers NOT limit purchasing?
Want to know where I’m moving my account to, fuck Robinhood
EVERYONE SAY IT WITH ME
FUCK WALL STREET  FUCK HEDGE FUNDS  AND FUCK COLESLAW     We just strong armed Wall street into showing us what GME was actually worth! NO ONE SOLD AT THE DIP! Im so Proud!
Was able to buy on the GME dip just now. With wealthsimple. Came with a warning though.
IF THEY ARE STOPPING GME, GO FOR BB & NOKIA!!!
Title
Can't we all just agree on a sell position and set our orders that way?
I'm wondering if we set our limits to say 1000 or 2000 and made sure we were all on board with an amount that would force them to buy at that amount rather than having multiple people selling at different amounts? I'm also wondering if Citadel owns RH and clearly is manipulating...couldnt they get some of that information from them as to where our limits are set? Just curious...
BUY AMC☢️
Holding the AMC line stay strong!
Best alternative to RH?
Where should I take my money to? Fuck these crooked ass motherfuckers.
!!Turn off Stock Lending!!
They are using your own stocks against you! Turn off Stock Lending! It's the only way to truly shut these mthr fkers down.
NOK is a great buy
Buy the dip, totally undervalued unit.   FIGHT ME.
Let's decide on a new trading platform!
Robingarbagehood won't have my money anymore. That's a fact! I tried to buy BB on Webull and it looks like it's the same shit.  Where should we move our money? Maybe it's time to pay for trades and not get fucked in the arse like it's happening today.
So I sold my share on Robinhood, need some advice
What’s the best place to reinvest in GameStop before the squeeze
EVERYONE, LEND US YOUR ENERGY   🤚 TOGETHER WE'RE STRONG
Webull is now stopping people from buying GME
Fidelity crashes every time i try to open an account?
I've been trying to open the account for the past hour, but each time during the sign up process, it either times out my page or just shows a generic internal service error.   Anyone else getting this? Really wanted to buy the dip
Pelosi says Congress will be part of GameStop scrutiny
Robinhood’s profits from this event are going to burn 💵🔥🔥🔥
Robinhood just pulled the rug out from under its biggest user base. It was the top downloaded app right before this escapade and now many users are withdrawing everything and opting for different platforms. I wonder if their profits from selling our info to hedge funds will be enough to make up for the lack of support from this day forward.  You’d have to be out of your mind to think your money is safe  in their hands or that they have the interests of their users in mind.
It's not just Robinhood: Citadel buys order data from TD Ameritrade, Charles Schwab, Interactive Brokers, and more
Amid the craze of many high-volatility stocks getting locked down due to "customer safety (complete bs)", we can clearly see that there is heavy market manipulation occurring right now. About 40% of citadel revenue is from robinhood. Citadel owns a huge short position in gamestop. This is about as clear as it gets to market manipulation.    But it's not just Robinhood, other brokers sell data to Citadel as well:    \- TD Ameritrade  \- Charles Schwab  \- Interactive Brokers  \- and many more...    Coincidentally, these brokers also locked down high volatility stocks in which many hedge funds have short positions in, including but not limited to GME, AMC, BB, NAKD, and more.      DO NOT SELL. DO NOT BUY PUTS. DO NOT SHORT. HOLD AND WE WILL REACH THE MOON SOON.                      Sources:
Sign the petition

Don't forget to cancel Robinhood Gold. Don't pay them to fuck you over.
EU BROS TO RESCUE    FUCK    ROBINHOOD
Doubled my position.  GME TO THE MOON
F CK 'Robinhood' let's all trade on eTORO and abandon f ckhood forever!!
Holding BB till $0 or $100
HOLDING $AMC $GME, BUY $SNDL
I AM NOT FUCKING SELLING
Obligatory    🌕🌕🌕      They don’t think I wont watch that shit hit $0 and enjoy it?!?!? I have spent my money on way dumber things.   God Bless you all 🦅🦅🦅
Got 50$€. How much on GME and how much on AMC?
If you sold at 100$ you have no one to blame but yourself
What would happen if we just all pull our money from the market as a whole?
Serious question. Things like the S&P500 everything else.
$SNDL     to the S(U)NDL
$SNDL lets goo it’s happening.  Just hit $1B market cap If you wanna get in on it before it’s too late. Some US brokers (Robinhood) just blocked buy orders causing it to dip. Perfect time to buy the Dip. $SNDL TO THE SUNNNN
Canadian not able to buy GME
Any other Canadians having issues buying GME? I'm with CIBC and my orders aren't being processed.
Here's how to to transfer your RH portfolio to TD Ameritrade
I just transferred my entire portfolio out of RH to TD Am. Unreal what they are doing.   I moved all my stop losses lower. We're in this together.  HOLD THE LINE!     This is not financial advice.
This isn't just about stocks anymore, it's about the absolute cruelty of the rich and powerful
Mark Cuban happy for us and his son
Stockpile on the App store
Stockpile approved me within about 2 hours and allows you to buy GME, AMC, and NOK. Dew it!  Also allows fraction shares for us broke bitches.
Will there be another dip or do I go all in right know?
Etoro just let me deposit. Pog
SOFI has now blocked purchases of GME.
They have blocked purchases of GME at the request of their clearing partner Apex Clearing.  HOLD THE LINE
Still possible to buy and hold NOK and AMC!
RobinHood may have removed them for sale but you can still buy both on CashApp. Godspeed, friends.
Ally not allowing GME trades too......
Could this be how Melvin is buying shares to mitigate tomorrow?
If almost every brokerage site is set to sell only, who is buying? Could it be that the brokerages are doing this in an effort to force people to sell to the hedge funds to allow them to begin covering their position?
ALREADY ON OUR WAY BACK UP YOU RETARDED FUCKS! Let’s keep it up and hold/buy GME UNTIL WE SQUEEZE AND GET THAT SEEET SWEET JUICE!
AOC JOINS THE FIGHT!!
FUCK ROBINHOOD - LEAVING A REVIEW FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER
These fucks literally cancelled my order and said that "i cancelled it on market open". I DIDNT DO SHIT, GIVE ME MY AMC AND GME.   These fucks banished our stocks from the search bar. I woke up this morning and typed "AMC" and nothing came up, I LITERALLY THOUGHT I WAS RETARDED AND SPELLED AMC WRONG.  Ive never seen such a blatant act to literally keep ppl like us down... they didnt even try to do this inconspicuously, theyre publicly fucking us.  I get that Robinhood may have been the scapegoat, but how they handled the situation completely fucked us even more. For the first time ever, I am leaving a terrible review. I hope some of you join me because this is inexcusable
You beautiful bastards have blown the minds of people around the world! My local classic rock station in Vancouver Canada was talking about GME and reddit today!!!! I salute you all with your giant fucking brass balls! May papa Elon bless you with the greatest tweet of all time!!!
Looking for an alternative platform
Now that platforms that previously had overall good reviews (namely Robinhood and TD Ameritrade) have imposed restrictions during this GameStop rollercoaster, I'm losing faith in them. Does anyone have alternatives that they can recommend?
No form of income, on unemployment that hasn’t come through, bought GME, NOK, & AMC. IF I CAN HOLD SO CAN YOU!
Keep holding and trading if you are on a broker that isn’t frozen! I’m in debt up to my ears but fuck it! To the moon!
YOU ARE HERE - History repeats itself, don't miss being a part of it
WSB NEEDS ITS OWN NEWS CHANNEL
It is sickening to watch CNBC with all of these hosts talking down on us as amateur and unsophisticated investors. It’s time we form our own network so these hedge fund shills can’t spread their lies and negativity about us!
Waves of halting seems to be slowing, did hedge fund turds cover some positions and give the market the green light to stop halting???
Why all the sudden is there a change in halting activity that we’ve dealt with all morning?   (As of 11:03 cst it is halted after a “long” period of trading)
RH vs TD
I just closed my RH account, but managed to repurchase AMC on TD. (Holding GME too, don't worry). This is making me question the media about the extent to which TD blocked trades. Can someone please let me know how much they restricted these? Is TD \ really\  as manipulative with all of this as RH is? Doesn't seem that way to me considering I just bought it.
What is going to be their next move?
First, they restrict buying.  Sure, we can move to other brokers.  But we need to prepare in advance for their next move
In the words of The Killers: "If you can't hold on... hold on". Stay strong fellow degenerates.
File a complaint.

Clearly more of you should be trading with Schwab. No manipulation on their platform so far...
I’M NOT LEAVIN!! THE SHOW GOES ON!!
I sold my initial investment earlier this week anything I “loose” is straight profit and I’d rather loose it all than let the corrupt rich win without a fight.  $GME               🪐
I'd never think any of these people would all be on the same boat.
STONKS ONLY GO UP       Bought $10k of fresh stocks before the 🔥 sale.
Something tells me once GME gets down low enough and hedge funds get out of their short position, apps like Robinhood will  magically  begin letting users buy $GME again. Pretty convenient. Nothing to see here.
European here. Need help on discovering new trading apps to use these crazy times!
Title. Absolutely lost about this. Bought yesterday a stock of GME. Holding the line. What are some cool apps I could be using asap?
GME, BB, NOK
Unable to purchase GME on both RH and Fidelity so bought 2000 BB($18) and 2000 NOK ($5) and they fucking dipped so I wanted to buy more but am now unable to on RH and Fid also?? Whats going on? HOLD ?
$GME DIPPED TO 125$ AND IM NOT SELLING, BUY THE DIP. DONT LET THE BROKERS STOP YOU
AMC NOW GOING THROUGH ON CASHAPP     TIME TO MAKE UP FOR TODAYS LOSSES
Can still buy from eToro - together APE STRONG!
Biden's Secretary of the Treasury, Janet Yellen, took more than $  million in speaking fees from Wall Street - including Citadel
Citadel is the Wall St. firm that directly influences Robinhood. They also provided funding to Melvin in the form of a billion $ bailout.  > In the past two years, President-elect Joe Biden’s pick to be Treasury secretary, Janet Yellen, has raked in more than $  million in speaking fees from Wall Street and large corporations including Citi, Goldman Sachs, Google, City National Bank, UBS, Citadel LLC, Barclays, Credit Suisse, Salesforce and more.  .  > She earned more than $800,000 speaking to Citadel  It is important to remember who those in charge are beholden to in a time like this. Whatever Yellen says, does, or acts on has to be viewed within these optics.
Fidelity allows $GME trades
For anyone looking for what sites will allow you to buy $GME, Fidelity is still working great. I moved all of my IRA into $GME
Trading app stockpile has also blocked AMC and GME
Just wow. This companies won't stop at nothing to make sure we can't trade.
QUIT SELLING
I see a lot of seething, but fact is fact - you aren't entitled to a trading platform
build your own robinhood :\ )
BUY AMC ON CASHAPP
To all trading platforms that are trying to stop us: IT WON'T WORK. THIS IS JUST THE BEGINNING AND WE ARE NOT FUCKING LEAVING
I'm in Europe and I've been trying to buy GME for 2 days straight, but was constantly getting stopped. Now I finally made it and I'm so fucking happy to have become a retard.  Remember: they won't stop us no matter the tricks they try to pull. Stay calm, focused, and know that you're part of history right now.  # NOW IT'S TIME TO SHOW THEM HOW IT'S DONE. SHOW THEM YOUR FUCKING
THE DIP WAS A TEST OF IF OUR DIAMONDS WERE REAL, HOLD UNTIL YOURE OLD YOU LEGENDS
I LOVE YOU ALL,  RETARDS TOGETHER STRONG.                   I'M A FAN OF THIS STOCK
OUR QUEEN
For an app named after a character well known for stealing from the rich and giving to the poor, Robinhood sure is such a fucking irony
Btw buy gme boys
File a complaint on Robinhood to the SEC link in description.
File your complaint here:    This will only take a few minutes but it’s crucial Robinhood gets what they deserve.
FYI: Fidelity has been flawless during this run, consider switching from RH!
I just like Fidelity and want people to be able to trade what they wish when they wish.       Hold and prosper :)
Is anyone else not able to sign up for Fidelity? And is Etrade not letting you log in at all after you've signed up?
I signed up for E-Trade. But it keeps telling me that my username or password is incorrect. But then it won't send me any links to change them or fix them. And I know I put it in correctly.  And fidelity just won't let me in at all. Maybe their website is just down because of heavy traffic.   Anyone else having these same issues?
"It ain't about how hard you can hit; it's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. It's how much you can take and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done!"
Let's be honest. Today sucks. We're getting hit hard by the hedge funds, and losses are looking bad. I personally am down on my stonks overall, and my hands were tested hard this morning. But then I remembered how far we've come. How long it took to get to this point. Even though my palms were sweaty, knees weak, arms were heavy, I couldn't fucking sell. I WOULDN'T fucking sell. There's so much that we still need to accomplish.  Even though we've been hit hard today, we must stay strong. Don't let them win.              . DONT FUCKING SELL OR I WILL CUT YOUR SHOELACES YOU PAPER HANDED FUCKS.  Godspeed fellow retards.
My Brothers
Hold. The storm will pass. Hold.  Solidarity.
YOU, YES YOU! LOOK IN MY FUCKING EYES RIGHT NOW! IF YOU HOLD THROUGH THIS DIP WITH ME WE WILL BE RICH MEN! YOU HEAR ME? RICH MEN!
Watch the ticker, poise above the buy button, mash that button between the trading halts.
Should Robinhood really have   stars in Apple App Store?
No, fuck em. Let’s burn that   stars down to 1
GME IS RISING AGAIN. PEOPLE OUTSIDE OF AMERICA IS WITH US. MARK CUBAN AND OTHERS ARE WITH US. EVERYONE IS JOINING IN ARMS AGAINST THESE DISGUSTING SUITS. JOIN YOUR BROTHERS IN ARMS BUY AND HOLD. THE PRICE IS RISING. THE SEC IS INVESTIGATING. DO NOT GIVE IN. BUY AND HOLD. WE WILL NOT GIVE IN!!!!!
Even Ted Cruz is on our side
UK brothers and sisters Freetrade are still allowing GME BB AMC trading and instant account topups on iOS          to the moon
Idk let’s see how far we can boost this post up
Up vote this so we can see how many people hate robinhood for market manipulation rn I’m taking a poll on my stream to see and I’ve been going to different subs like this one let’s just see how it turns out
I'm so mad for everyone that limit sold on RH. I'm going 100% YOLO on Fidelity. Fuck them! Everything we have!!!
New Zealander here, $2,000 in, I'm holding and so should you!
Processing img 6bs63xgzt3e61...
FINALLY GOT IN WITH 12 SHARES!
When the suits tank $GME but we wont go away
AMC - HOLD. THE. LINE!!! (& THE WORLD - PLEASE BUY  AMC  WHILE US AMERICANS CAN'T. SYSTEM HERE IS RIGGED!!!)
Can't believe this shit is happening that brokers come up with a list of stocks we can't buy. This is some next level bullshit.
looks like meat's back on the menu boys
Lfg, once everything opens up or people start to transfer, we will be back.... hold at all costs
ALLY INVEST NOW BLOCKING GME, AMC, ETC....... There should be a MASSIVE multi-billion dollar lawsuit for this!!!!!!
Text-to-image for text '''A stock market value graph of $GME in three days''' generated by The Big Sleep.
Hold The Line On GME!!!
This is a copy and paste of a post I made on GME 3 months ago when it started to gap down A LOT due to naked short selling.      Here is a copy and paste:       So GME gapped down today and yesterday and now you're bleeding. Well, tough tits kid. I mean, what did you expect, huh? That you can just take the short sellers' money by pumping up the stock and posting a couple of cute little memes on reddit and they will just give you their tendies? Tendies aren't given, they're FUCKING EARNED.    Like Rocky Balboa once said "It ain't about how hard you hit, but how hard you can get hit, and keep moving forward." And today, you got hit pretty fucking hard there's no denying it. Well you know what? short sellers got hit pretty fucking hard for the last two months and you know what they did? They doubled down and increased their short float from 133% to 168% (  .    They doubled down, WHY CANT YOU?    So stop being a paper handed sissy and take your fucking balls in one hand, and your Robinhood in the other, and you show those short-selling homos what you're made of. I want you to load up another deposit, average down, and take what is rightfully yours. Show them, what it means to cross you. Show them, what it means to cross    .    Its time to become a real man and bring those tendies home         Wanna guess what the price of GME was at that time? $9. Remember that.
We need to make a list of all the brokers who screwed us and blacklist them
Longtime lurker here. When this is all over we need to make a list of all the brokers who supported us and who fucked us. Robinhood could have been rockstars but they chose to shoot themselves in the foot.
DO NOT SELL! THIS DIP IS THE TRAMPOLINE THAT WILL LAUNCH US ABOVE AND BEYOND. HOLD THE LINE!!! TO THE MOON
Not a financial advise or advisor. Hold it tho
Is this the dip Warren Buffet is always talking about? Woulda dropped another 10k if I was allowed (I own shares, not investment advice)
Buy the dip (faaaaaaggggggoooooootttt)
Its been an honor fellas
I envy those of you who just bought this dip at 120. The moon is the only limit
Citadel’s lawsuit is cheaper than losing on their short position
Ladies and gentlemen, we are all aware that citadel is behind Robinhood and Co’ multiple bans on buying GME and other stocks. Their logic is that the lawsuit that will take place will be cheaper than the devastating loss of the short position.   However, you know what won’t be cheaper than the short loss?  Losing every single “average Joe’s” client they have, losing all the free advertising we give them etc. It’s up to you to pull the plug and change brokerage. There are so many possibilities, E TRADE, webull, fidelity to name a few.   Make these assholes regret their terrible, unethical, illegal decision.
WEBULL IS ALSO NOT ALLOWING GME TO BE TRADED
GOOOOO AUTISTS GOOOOOOOO!!! RISE!!! THE INTERNATIONAL COMMUNITY IS WITH US NOW
Canadian here to help, bought more shares at the dip, let’s go!!!
Join me Canucks
DO NOT FALL COMRADES. BUY GME AND HOLD. APE TOGETHER STRONG.

Temple Of The Dog - Hunger Strike
Bored
Im bored i have 8k in free money what can i invest in that will make at least a little profit
They were cornered. They couldn’t find a better way to save their asses than straight up corruption.
It’s clear that a large amount of $AMC and $GME puts for Melvin are expiring tomorrow, otherwise they wouldn’t have executed this the way that they did. We cornered them and made them really piss their pants.   It seems in this case that we need to promote the few platforms were trading these stocks is possible if we want the short squeeze to actually perform. We need everyone to buy and to understand that by buying, we will be fighting the exact kind of corruption we saw today, and even profiting from it.
Dropped 2600 on amc
Ohhh boy I’m down but I’m holding for dear life   Hold hold hold
Bought 1 share at $391 this morning
It ain't much but it's honest work.  I AINT FUCKIN LEAVING!  Upvote if you know what the word HOLD means!
THOSE WHO HAVE THE BALLS TO HOLD WILL BE REWARDED HANSOMLY🤝🤝🤝
How ironic that an app called "Robinhood" is joining in the effort to take from the everyday investor in order to benefit the rich
A true   would do the opposite.
Ditching Robinhood
Hey guys what places are selling GME. I know fidelity is, I'm thinking webull if it still sells it.
Pass to moon and go straight to Mars    . HOLD HOLD HOLD YOLO UNTIL $2000
WE'RE BACK IN THE GAME HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD BUY HOLD
GME Friendly Brokers Thread. Do Not Be Distracted By The Class Action Lawsuit. Yes
1611882178
HOLDING NOK
HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD     \ Remember there are other trading platforms that are happy to have our biz
GME, BB, NOK, etc still available on Stockpile
If you’re using RH and trading is throttled, use Stockpile. I just put in multiple buy orders on MemeStonks and we’re back, baby!  Buy and HOLD.

DIAMOND HANDS TO ALL YOU FUCKS WHO ARE IN THE BANNED STOCKS  I'm all in on BB, but FUCK selling. I just lost half my tuition money, but I know that this bullshit will be over. Stay strong autists. We overcame everything this far, wether it be after hour scare tactics, or social stigmatizing. This shit is no different  Sure no one can buy. That doesn't mean it has to go down if everyone who's bought holds tho. Diamond hands are the only hands that can make it through this bullshit
The SEC is behind this. This statement they posted yesterday nearly perfectly matches Robinhood and WeBull's error message.
"We are aware of and actively monitoring the on-going market volatility in the options and equities markets and, consistent with our mission to protect investors and maintain fair, orderly, and efficient markets, we are working with our fellow regulators to assess the situation and review the activities of regulated entities, financial intermediaries, and other market participants."  The SEC has forced Robinhood and WeBull to cut off trading.   Complaining to them won't do anything. They're the ones behind this.
Is $AMC coming back shall I invest dudes
I’m using my parents life savings here
How many autistic kids are closing their “Robbin the People” accounts?
First day as a trader
Threw in $250 at 330 yesterday because it’s literally all I could afford to buy and still pay rent. I’m holding to 0 or the moon! This is about more than trendies now
AOC has got our backs !!!
RobinHood must be punished
Do your   your RH account and wait for the class action litigation.     not sell!
So why don’t we just, do it again?
The stock market is obviously volatile as fuck so why don’t we just do GME all over again?
BUY AMC BUY BUY GOGOGO EU GANG JOINING IN
WOOOOOO
CNBC has been very transparent on what side they are on. And anyone stepping up for us they shit on. I’m done watching CNBC just removed it from my Sling package.
It has been very clear over the last few days what side they are on, when we make a little bit of money it’s manipulation or needs regulation immediately. Chamath stood up to them yesterday and now they wanna shit on the Winklevoss twins, they couldn’t get a word in edgewise and the one word they do they scrutinize and go back to the tape and then like a bunch of little children point out how they were right. What a bunch of clowns, shills for their big hedge fund buddies - boycott CNBC
GME on sale! Get it where you can!
This huge dip is the result of their direct market manipulation. We can't place buy orders so they can tank the price by placing sell orders.  Buy and hold, buy and hold!     This isn't financial advice, it's speculation and I'm dumb.
SEC's definition of market manipulation
\- intentional or willful conduct designed to deceive or defraud investors by controlling or artificially affecting the price or securities, or   \- Intentional interference with the free forces of supply and demand  \- Can be designed to drove a stock's  up or down.      Robinhood, TD Ameritrade, and others are doing all three of these things at the same time.
So is the plan to hold everything? I have a few shares spread out on RH and a lot of shares of $AMC on cashapp, so how long should I hold?
Webull blocks buying of $GME
CANADA HOLDING THE LINE $BB     🇨🇦

Front page news in the UK, holddd!
AMC please don't forget about amc
Its super low right now. Great time to get in and stick it to the hedges that have that one. I bought in high yesterday we need to stay strong!  This is not financial advice, I am an idiot who is venting and mad at corporate money
Hold on, we're here now
Can we get a thread for brokers in each country that arent pieces of shit?
Idk if a mod needs to sort that or not, but a place to go to find out where you can still buy.   Fuck RH, fuck T212.  I'm so proud seeing this go back up knowing how scared everyone was but HELD like real motherfuckin Gs. Love from the UK
How does my portfolio look WSB?
Hold the line! We knew this would happen. Don't let temporary losses scare.
GME, we're in at 135!
Not much only 10 stocks as I've been going hard on BB (yeah wrong call). Had major FOMO the past few days and when I saw the dip to 130 I had to get in on the action!!!
I don't see this going well for the revolutionaries.
I want to start off by saying that I'm beyond proud and excited that you guys made reddit more relevant than every social media site. Not only that, but you're all using what little money you have as a collective to fight the big money   of steel in diamond hands. Seriously, you guys are modern heroes and gave an uncountable amount of people some hope.  Now, onto the bitter of the sweet. The entities you're all up against screw large amounts of people over all the time for a literal living. You're essentially playing a game against an opponent who can switch it off and claim victory at any time. What you're currently experiencing through trading platforms is them just unplugging your controller which is just the first phase. In their eyes, you guys actually winning would set a multi-trillion dollar loss precedent and you would all essentially become the new Wallstreet under your current platform. Right now, you're starting an inside/source trading war against the big banks, insurance companies, regulators, multiple hedge funds, old-money wealthy families and federal government entities.  I think you guys are badass and this is the revolution we've all been waiting for, but I want you guys to be careful and not put up what you can't afford to lose. I think that this is the best time to do it due to the political power transfer, I just wanted to make sure that you're all willing to lose and you still have something to live off of. I'm heavily rooting for all of you, just please be careful.
DON'T WORRY AMERICAN FRIENDS. CALLING ALL NORDIC VIKINGS TO ARMS!
CALLING ALL VIKINGS. WE WILL BE THE FIRST VIKINGS ON THE MOON AFTER THIS FUCKING RIDE!
Holy shit, this is from the Google Play Store.   FUCK Robinhood and FUCK Citadel
PSA: E TRADE is allowing you to BUY for all you apes wonder where to invest
GNUS?
Broke as fuck, but spent another €420, let’s go homos 💫
Aspiring retard here. What’s supposed to be happening on Friday and Monday? Are we supposed to sell around those two days? If so, is there a best time in the day to sell?
Sorry about these questions, I figured I’d ask and look stupid now rather than regret it later.
How long can they keep us from buying our stocks?
Serious question
How does a short benefit or hurt the financial institution selling it?
I understand the upside and downsides of the shorters themselves, but I don’t understand how the bank is able to loan out shares of customers that they don’t actually own — and even if the shorter is successful, they get the shares back at the lower price with the customers none the wiser.. so either way they don’t have any liability and just getting the premiums paid for the short to begin with?
How do I transfer my stocks from RH to CA?
I'm sure you all know about what's going with Robinhood. I'm 16 years old and I don't really know much about stocks besides the bare basics. But anyways, I want to transfer my shares out of Robinhood to Cashapp, does anyone know how to do it?
FUCKING HOLD YOUR  🤚
GME TO THE MOON IF YOU FUCKING BUY AND HOLD !!!!
SIGN THE PETITION TO SUE ROBINHOOD!

TODAY IS THE TRUE TEST OF WHO HAS DIAMOND HANDS
I DO.  🤚 🤚 🤚 🤚 🤚 🤚 🤚
My dad the former trading floor runner...
My dad's getting up in years, but was a NYSE runner in the 50s.  I was trying to explain to him that there are 5 to 10 million individuals around the world right now who are willing to lose from twenty to twenty million dollars simply on principle.  He wasn't sure he believed me.
LET'S FLOOD THE SEC AND FINRA COMPLAINT FORMS...
IF YOUR BROKER HAS STOPPED YOU FROM BUYING ANY STOCKS THIS MORNING YOU CAN COMPLAIN TO BOTH THE SEC AND FINRA.  LET'S SEE WHAT   MILLION AUTISTS CAN DO TO THESE FORMS.      DIRECT LINKS BELOW.  SEC:    FINRA:
📢LISTEN UP!! I'm down 8k. I'm a student and this is an ENTIRE YEARS WORTH OF WAGES FOR ME. But you know what I'm going to do? HOLDDDDDD    Because I BELIEVE in you! Also, FUCK ROBINHOOD!! GME BB!!!
A steal! Buy buy !
Curious to know if it happened to anybody else... MARKET MANIPULATORS
I have never seen people so United and I am here for it
The stock market is always something I have wanted to get into but never really got around to it. I have bought gme and been watching constantly now, all because of this. I have never seen people so United on an issue as this. AOC and trump jr are literally agreeing for, I believe, the first time ever. Because this is bigger than politics and that gives me hope. As divided as we have been for years, we are coming together. Because when shit gets real we know stuff like that doesn’t matter right now. Only one thing does matter.         HOLD THE LINE
APE STRONG TOGETHER
DONT GIVE UP DONT FUCKING SELL  THE FIGHT IS TURNING AROUND IN OUR FAVOR. BUY IF YOU STILL CAN  DO NOT FUCKING SELL DO NOT FUCKING SELL  IF WE ALL KEEP DIAMOND HANDS RIGHT NOW WE WILL HIT 1000 LIKE ITS FUCKING NOTHING     THIS IS NOT FINANCIAL ADVICE I AM MENTALLY RETARDED
Where to Next?
So obvi Robinhood is out, and I’ve heard conflicting things about where you can still use the market freely. Are there any retail apps that still work? Where can I buy cause I like the stock?
Do not panic! $GME
Listen to me, you and I both saw what just happened. But you should not panic at all. Exactly this happened last Friday. GME reached an all-time high of 159 and fell down all the way to 65. We are rising again and this time they won't be able to stop us. The short squeeze is coming. Tomorrow 200k options will be executed. Resulting in   shares. We're about the win the fight, whatever you do not sell. Like another user quoted. "Today we buy, tomorrow we fly and next week we'll be at 10k!!"
2/3 Value Lost in 15 Minutes on LOW VOLUME!!!
We just witnessed a financial crime taking place.  Who is going to spearhead the lawsuit on this one?  I am fucking pissed.
Where can I buy GME with my debit card?
I was just about to place an order with stockpile. Was making a deposit when they closed GME. They're the only ones I know of that allow debit card funding. Anyone else?
YOU CANT BUY GME, BB, NOK, AMC and a few others in TRADE REPUBLIC a German Broker anymore.
the Gamestock seems to be restabilizing!!!
We need to buy the GameStop stocks now it was 130 now it's going back to 260 now it the perfect time it was at its lowest point take advantage of Buying  STONK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
TD Ameritrade is not allowing me to recover my account.
I am trying to recover an account I had with them back in 2016. I'm putting in all my credentials like my social sec # and my account # to verify my identity and they are saying that they can not confirm my identity. Anyone else?
Why are you even using Robinhood? You can't trade all the stocks on their platform, for example, a lot of OTC stocks are not even available on RH. This is not to pimp anyone or any other firm, I'm just stating from experience that I use Schwab and they have zero cost transaction fee for trades.
Was about to start losing my McDonald’s money I put in.    🏻 boys!!! If a little guy like me can do it, so can you
NOKIA RISING BUY NOW HOLD THE LINE
NOKIA IS NEARING $  GET IN NOW WHILE ITS IN DIP
Grocery store shopping    the food you buy is on you please to your own research before hand!
Hey guys if you are going to the grocery store to shop for fruit which would u buy? Me personally would be interested in apples as they recently dropped in price and the farmers said this was the best crop season of any fruit ever ! I heard lemons and citrus are bad this time of year as they are a summer crop. Let me know what you think!   I personally have a bunch of apples as they are my favorite !
Tastyworks now restricting opening trades for WSB stocks.
Can someone help get a class action going? This is totally unacceptable
PSA: YOU CAN BUY AMC ON CASHAPP
I KNOW WE'RE HOLDING GME BUT CASHAPP HAS IT
NOK getting some heat! It’s about to go up 22x!!! Get me that boat fund!!!!
Nok for boat fund!
TD AMERITRADE WTF!???
So I’m trying to buy stock in GME and it’s ask is for $1100? How is this even real life or even legal??? I think it’s time to move on from Robin Hood and TD guys!!!!  BTW.... HOLDDDDDDDD EVERYTHINGGGGG  I will not succumb to the pressures of the 1%! I REFUSE!!
What is the best way a random Joe schmo can help this movement TODAY
Seeing as a lot of brokerage apps I've seen have a 5-7 business day time to transfer money, what's another way
Today has shown me how rigged the ‘ American Dream’ is.
I am from the UK, but today is a shambles of freedom and is unacceptable. Nearly every movie shows America as a place for freedom and opportunity, now I don’t believe this at all but I cannot believe how brazen the brokers have been in silencing the masses and manipulating the markets. Let me say this again, I never believed America was an ideal place , but I also never knew corruption would be so noticeable in our faces.
TODAY IS A TEST FOR THE PAPER HANDS JUST HOLD AND BUY DIPS TOMORROW WE PUNISH THEM
ALL TOGETHER NOW. WITH DIAMOND HANDS!
ETRADE ALLOWS THE BUYING OF $GME, $BB, $NOK
I use Etrade and I'm still able to buy the stonks listed above, I'm also allowed to sell   BUT THEIR SHOULDN'T EVEN BE A SELL OPTION BC IF I SOLD I'D BE THE LORD OF AUTIST FUCKING RETARD EXTRAORDINARES, AND SO WOULD YOU. BUY THE FUCKING VAGINA DRIP DROP.     Seriously though, all the RH users here need to  ditch   that bitch  like some hot potato fuck boy for treating you like children. Using a veneer to 'protect retail investors' is a fucking outright scam to hide the fact that these platforms are working with big funds. DON'T BE A RETARD, THIS IS CORDINATED BY THE BIG FUCK BOYS. Those same platforms promote the democratic process of finances only until it's not helping the uber rich.   HOLD YOUR SHIT LIKE THERE ISN'T A TOILET AROUND. This isn't about gains or losses anymore but sticking it to the fucking corrupt whales that think they got a thumb on you. We pushed, they pushed back, now let's shove those fuckers into fucking oblivion. HOLD THE FUCKING LINE.  Positions: GME, BB calls, BB, NOK
Ally Bank is blocking the ability to link your Invest and Personal accounts to brokers.
I've been trying to link my Ally account with another broker since Robinhood went to crap and I get the following notice:    Ally Bank has made a change that prevents you from being able to link your accounts
STAY STRONG ITS NOT OVER TILL WE SAY IT IS
Which services are still allowing trading where you can buy fractional shares
Need to get away from RH and go somewhere else to buy the discount
WE NEED TO HAVE A RECKONING ON BROKERAGES WHEN THIS SETTLES
We need to figure out what’s happening when we pull out of Robinhood. I decided to move to Webull but now see that they are restricting the same tickers.   I will not support a market manipulating platform but will miss buying based on green or red color for my goldfish brain.
Can we have a serious discussions on positive steps we can take to remedy the current state of affairs.
Please mods - don’t delete without reading.   What are some legitimate actions we can come together on as group to remedy what we’re seeing today.  This is by no means an attempt to dox. I’m talking actual positive steps we can do.  We have just under 4hrs before mrkt closes.  If we can’t come together with a meaningful set of items , we can expect more of this tomorrow.
THIS IS WAR, WeBull has joined the rest of them! BEWARE!
Guys, CANCEL ALL YOUR LIMIT SELL ORDERS ON ROBINHOOD. Under their TOS they are allowed to "sell all unreasonably prices limit orders at market price".
Webull to sell my options earlier without permission?
Apex Clearing Company Is At Fault
They support the clearing for Robinhood and for Webull, plus others. They are the source of our GME woes.
Cant sign up anywhere to buy GME
Been trying Schwab and Fidelity for an hour but I cant get into buy. Anywhere you can sign up and buy today?
350 is psychologically important. If that mark is crossed, shorters would lose half the battle.
There seems to be another circuit break as I am typing this. Panic selling may still be prevalent, no matter how much people are told not to sell. But north of 350 is the confidence building zone. All people need to do is holding. It's that simple.
Lets get this lifted by mid-day and rally

Even if we lose, we followed the rules which is more than they can say.
Even if we lose this battle, us losing at this point would be tantamount to being 2 moves away from checkmate and your opponent flips the board and declares victory. We played by the rules, and they changed them at the last second. Unconscionable.
Anyone know for sure where we can buy GME and AMC?
Trying to buy more gme but can't find a definitive answer on where I still can
FREETRADE: rejected from buying GME.
Spread the word to your fellow comrades: Fidelity takes 15 mins to open, deposit and buy GME. Will take longer if you are more 'tarded than others
TD Ameritrade is WORKING for GME purchases on new deposits
Just to let you know - I just initiated a new deposit to TD Ameritrade and bought GME through their website. Note that I did have an unfunded account previously set up.  I will be ditching Robinhood entirely and cancelling my Gold account. I don't appreciate being arbitrarily restricted from trading certain stocks without notice.
So, who will create the WSB Trading Platform?
So things like what is happening today never happens again?
Donald Trump Jr. and AOC Agree, Robinhood Is Stealing from the Poor to Give to the Rich
German mobile broker Trade Republic blocks buy orders for $GME and other stocks
DIAMOND HANDS MOM               WE LIKE THE STOCK
PLEASE READ guys - Don't let them shut us down for something lame like hate speech
Yes we are all R words and A words but the more you say those words the more ammo you're giving them to just get rid of our subreddit for something lame. Don't give them the easy out. We are mainstream now. Be more careful with what you say. I love you all.
Are we going to do what we did to Gamestop to AMC stock?
When you buy a game from GameStop you don’t sell it back to GameStop. You HOLD the game.
IMPORTANT ACTION. I'm going to repost this until yall get your shit together. Don't rely on the media to bail you out, put in the work.
Send an Open Letter to your representatives.      I  don't have a stake in this like most of you do. I simply study Macro  Econ (specifically behavior), and from looking into what y'all  degenerates have done, you have achieved something scary. What's scarier, and in fact terrifying, is the way Robinhood along with TD has tackled this. Without going into detail, from what I understand, there is a possibility of collusion due to conflicting interests these trading platforms have with their users. Failing to provide the promises along with the change in feature caused what you saw happen today - and fits the definition of market collusion to the textbook extent. I suggest you guys do this if this is something you care about.  Takes 3 minutes.   The Open Letter:     Instructions:  1. Text "SIGN PFKEYR" to 50409 2. Rest will be sent to your phone. I believe in y'all.
Bought 2000xBB at 18 and 2000xNOK at 5 in RH, trying to BUY MORE at this dip but RH ISNT LETTING ME. HOW DO I TRANSFER THEM OUT OF RH TO ANOTHER BROKER AND WHICH ONE SHOULD I USE
FIDELITY AND AMERITRADE ISNT LETTING ME EITHER. SMH THIS DIP IS SUCH A GOOD TIME TO BUY AND HOLD.
Yahoo Finance brings out an old friend of ours to criticise WSB

Binance CEO is talking real shit
GME Bull Case Here
Time for a little reassurance to those in the red:  Some analysts say that GME is underperforming fundamentally, but you know that's not going to be true. The earning report in the next quarter will be a blast, thanks to the attention GME is getting in the recent few days and the lifting stock prices.  Some analysts say this is a bubble. Well, it isn't a bubble. We are melting the shorts, which is over 120%. In fact, I would rather say this is a bubble on the short side. And it is time to pop it.  The fact that brokers remove retail traders from GME is indicative of the fear of the institutions. I am still having reserve cash, and I am planning to buy in GME at a CHEAP PRICE.  If you are in the red, remember this: YOU ONLY LOSE IF YOU SELL AT A LOSS.
Can someone explain to me why it is ever okay to independently shut down the demand side of a free market?
I need to understand how at a fundamental (since everyone wants to put pressure on the meaning of that word) level is is okay to essentially shut down either the supply or demand side of a particular security or market.   Doesn’t the free market by definition have to have an endless struggle between these two things. Buying and selling.   Trading requires this shit to be a two way street. I’m not trying to collect stocks for a hobby. I’m trying to find efficiencies that can make me money. I thought that was the point.   Pausing things is annoying but understandable. I get that it could be harmful to allow a stock to have infinite volatility. Those types of corrections I support and nudging the market is a valuable tool.   This vlad dude was on yahoo finance which I watch on a free Samsun TV plus channel from my very modest and regular home that I owe well over 150k on. He was in a mansion. He was talking about how he supported the ability to democratize the market and all of that.   I wake up and he shut off my ability to fight back. Cool democracy.   I have seen a flood of gains posts. So many. I haven’t seen a single selfish use of the gains. I’m sure they are there but I see way more things like  “I bought my mom her house and now she can take it easy”  “My sister can get treatment for Lyme’s disease finally”  “Just donated to charity!”   We have been waiting on a government that abandoned us for the most part during this whole pandemic. We have watched bail out after bailout for Wall Street when they fuck their risk models.   We said fuck it and are doing our own stimulus. We are taking the money from people who were fueled by greed and wanted to take and easy shot and snuff out GME, AMC, etc.  I intend to sign up for every petition/lawsuit assuming they are initiated.   I am also going to hold the fuck out of these stocks.    It is simple I like Cohen. He successfully executed the same company that popped the dot com bubble.   To think that a guy that could bring the dog food store to your house is going to fail at getting video games to players while operating with possibly lower retail space overhead is something I can’t wrap my head around. Long hold on this for me. I feel like there are endless plays that are ready to implement when shifting a business from physical to virtual.   AMC is cool because I want to fucking see a movie and there isn’t going to be a place for that other than my couch and I have already burned through couch this year because I’m always on it.   You heard that right. I put like 5 years on my couch this year. I have seen tiger king and Tesla splits and riots and insurrections from my couch. I’m over it and would like to have a reason to put on a clean shirt and use my legs long enough to buy a tub of cabs and oil and sit in an unfamiliar space with strangers.  It is what it is man. I also don’t see how Hollywood which is American as Hollywood would be able to deal with losing the way they reach people. Some things are fun because they remind us of better times.   This got into a ramble. Sorry.
Serious question, Will GME continue to rise? If so, why?
If the Hedge Funds were allowed to buy when we weren't, could they have scooped enough to cover their shorts?
I'm a dumb dumb, so this could be totally wrong. I guess the only way to find out is looking at the short % at the end of trading today?
Support from us in industry
Just wanted to say you guys are amazing. I work for a large custodian bank and everyone I work with is happy to finally see these fuckers get what they deserve!
Fuck Robinhood, what’s everyone else using?
After this big hedge cock sucking bullshit, Robinhood has lost all my trust. After this push is over I’m closing out my account and moving to another platform. What is everyone else using or recommend?
I have only bought stocks normally. I have never done short selling. Would it be wise to short sell game stop right now since it is so high and will inevitably drop?
UVXY is Super Moist
We've hit critical mass in the market ya'll. But this big boy still hasn't been squeezed. Who wan'ts to ride this     to the moon!
Robinhood just cancelled my limit sell of 10,000
WERE BACK ON. EVERYONE BUY GME, Ditch robinhood
A MESSAGE FROM TYRONE - FUCK MELVIN CAPITAL
I'm not selling!!!
WE'RE BACK BOYS AND GIRLS
WE JUST MADE IT BACK TO 300 FROM 120. MASSIVE FUCKING WIN THANKS TO THE DIAMOND HANDED GODS IN THIS SUB.  THEIR SHORT LADDER ATTACKS WILL NOT WORK. WHEN THEY PUSH US DOWN, EVEN IF SOME PAPER HANDS SELL, OTHERS BUY THE DIP. WE WILL HOLD AND WE WILL SQUEEZE THE HEDGE FUNDS.  # BECAUSE WE LIKE THE FUCKING STOCK  # GME TO THE FUCKING MOON AND OUT OF THE SOLAR SYSTEM!
Cramer talking about how hedge funds can manipulate stock prices
Bought my first ever share of a stock!
I’m excited and scared and overall want to fuck the hedge fund fuckers in the ass. I could only afford 1 share of GME, but fuck it! Hold til we reach the fucking Moon!   Fuck Robinhood! Fuck Melvin!
Where to buy GME?
Had a order set for market open on RobinHood this morning that didn't get filled. Every app I download is limiting trades. Help, I wanna ride the
What app right now can I buy GME AMC RN USA
DO NOT FORGET ITS NOT ONLY ROBIN HOOD SCREWING US, ITS TRADING 212 AS WELL AS A BUNCH OF OTHERS
Should we get BBQ to go up next just cause it's BBQ?
For the memes bois let's do it!
GME! Courage Retards!
How can I get in on this right now.
I can't find anyone online that lets me trade instantly. Fidelity won't let me sign up and E-Trade  takes 2 days for me to add funds
Amc & nok on cashapp
You can still buy there
Will be there another big drop in GME price?
HOLD YOU RETARDS HOOOLLLDDD
Fucking hold this shit dont let them win! Were going to the moon we just had some engine faillure but were back on course. Yesterday I got a feeling we were one but today that broke a bit due to RH situation. We will fuck these boomers over so HOLD
I'm just a Dummy but follow my logic
So all of the stonks we are currently trying to access have been blocked by any and every trading platoform.. You can ONLY close your positions you can not create a new one.. In my eyes this means DEMAND far exceeds supply... me and groups of people I know are in the belief that why can we OLNY sell and not purchase.. I feel this is 100% price   I have heard when you do execute trades its FAR FAR LOWER than the listed price I understand volatility and all but come on already...
Convinced my dad to put his retirement in GME.   🤟
CALL YOUR SENATORS AND REPRESENTATIVES! FORCE THEM TO PUT PRESSURE ON THE SEC!
I hope this doesn’t die in new.   It takes approximately 25 calls to get a senator’s attention on a topic. If even a fraction of us do it, it puts huge pressure on Congress to look into this and shine a light on it!  Hold the line, start lawsuits, but do this too!!
Just in
Stash App will let you buy GME AMC BB NOk and others!
Let robinhood, webull, and Ameritrade burn to the ground.   Screw those elitist dickwholes
Citadel served Robinhood a lawsuit for market manipulation since Robinhood is big enough. This is the last ditch effort to save their shorts. Let’s just hope the Robinhood legal team is a fast read so we can get back to being the new kids on the block.
This is amazing! Team Planet Earth HOLD!
I’ve never been more proud! The global force that is reddit can not be reckoned with!
$SNDL to the moon!!!
Haven’t seen it mentioned as much today as others, but everybody needs to remember to have an iron grip and hold on to $SNDL with me! Also we cannot forget $SNDL in the class action lawsuit against Robinhood. $SNDL looks to me, to be on sale right now, but I cannot buy anymore of it through the mobile brokerage app designed for children that needs to change its namesake. Mf Robinhood!!!!
I just contacted my Congress Rep, State AG, & filled out the House Committee on Financial Services whistle blower form, did you?

If you are able to cancel you robinhood gold!!!!!!!!
Breaking - the game’s rigged. AOC backing us
me when i don't sell at $350
"This stock is not supported on Robinhood." WHAT
PSA: Weekly and Monthly calls expire tomorrow
Today was their last chance to drive down the price before the gamma squeeze. This is the FINAL standoff!  We’ve got AOC, Chamath, Elon, Cuban, Burry, Liz Warren - today we  🤚🏻 to fucking Valhalla!!  As a Canadian I’m buying this dip today like I bought it at $35, $40, $100 and $336. I will hold it until my American brethren are back.   #Give them nothing! Take from them - everything!
Guys i am an Indian and i wanted to buy GME stock. Which platform should i use? Am thinking of exiting my positions in NSE companies that i hold and buy some GME.
SAVE AMC FOR NEXT WEEK
FOCUS ALL YOUR EFFORTS ON GME FOR NOW! DON'T GIVE UP!
Cash app to buy AMC
I just used cash app to buy some shares. These fucks can’t stop the machine that is autists.
Next shorts to watch out for. Maybe the monkeys can keep the train goin!
Canadian here just put $500 into BB and AMC
I was super fucking jealous that I didn't catch GME before it went big so I decided to do something retarded and put $300 into BB and $200 into AMC wish me luck fellas
HOW DO I FUCKING BUY GME?!? I CANF FIND IT ANYWHERE
MY ARAB BRETHREN, WE NEED TO PUT OUR DIFFERENCES ASIDE AND FUCK WITH THE WALL STREET CUNTS, BUY INTO GME LETS GOOOOOO
كسمهم
Buy the dip, free money with GME!
You wont get it cheaper than now. BUY! No finianicial advice.
WSB LOGO‼️
Hey guys I just wanted to know how the wsb logo was made? Is there a template that I can use somewhere to edit it? Or was it made using some specific cartoon editor. I love the original logo, but also would love to make a more personalized one just for fun!   Thanks,  Savage  GME MOON $1K EOW
Buy more gme if u can. If you have it already hold the line. Do not sell.
Robinhood promoting backlash of their own scum restriction.
SOFI now preventing buying or selling of GME.
They did this after the dip.
DIRECT LINKS TO DELISTED STOCKS ON ROBINHOOD
explanation: robinhood uses a hash for many detailed pages for particular stocks. for the stocks it delisted and can't be seen directly, here are the links to their chart or options chain pages  GME CHART:    AMC OPTIONS CHAIN:    NOK CHART:    BB CHART:    add more below so we have access while robinhood keeps them delisted
I know it’s not big ballin, but it’s what I got. Let’s gooooo
HELP!!!!
Dad sold some shares he had and bought 4 shares of GME at the drop on wealthsimple and those shares for GME aren’t showing up?????
Are we switching to Nok?
SEC Investor Complaint Form
I know a lot of us, including myself, have invested and/or were going to invest more into GME and others, only for RobinHood to delist GME and other stocks from the app all together.  Here is a form where you can formally complain to the SEC for any opportunity loss caused by cutoff from a normal function of trading. It costs nothing, only your worthless time.     Edit: SEC removed the complaint form, figures  anyway HOLD THE LINE
I'm still holding on i will not sell
PLAY
Dave & Buster’s FTW?
late to the party, how do i join
i've got some money left from my bonus and i want in, but none of the brokers i've tried seem to be able to fund a new account instantly, is there something i'm missing here? or am i just too late to get on the wagon. i've tried webull, alpaca, etrade, r       d, and fidelity and they all have a big wait on funding the account.  plz halp i'm just a gonk who wants stonks
That’s it! We are filling a   Million Member class action lawsuit. They thought there GameStop losses were bad? This trillion dollar settlement is going to destroy them!
Everybody please post pictures of you being unable to buy GameStop, AMC & Nokia.  Post about it all day long. Let’s fill this corner of the Internet with proof since everyone’s paying attention to us.  Then let’s file the biggest class action lawsuit in human history  Let’s end them
LUNCH HOUR JUST STARTED SO VOLUME IS LOWER. HOLD HOLD HOLD
Repeat after me.
When this is over I will close my Robinhood account.
Let's not forget why we are here - C  sipping bankers laughing at Occupy Wall Street demonstrators, 2011
Don't Lose Faith!
AOC
HOLD AND BUY MORE AMC GME
DON’T LET THEM WIN
CANADA HAS YOUR BACK RETARDS
Guys call 911 NIO is on fire 🔥
$NIO $NIO $NIO $NIO $NIO $NIO $NIO  siren noise
Wtf is this graph supposed to mean?
Chase "You Invest" - able to buy GME
Just wish I wouldn't have bought at open!  Hold strong boys.
Bunch of horse shite🤬
WE THE PEOPLE
We the people, the common men, the ones pushed around by the financial crooks - WE STAND UP.  We the people, the ordinary people, those who lost their livelihood due to the actions of the 1% - WE STAND UP.  We the people, the silent majority, who have been treated as cattle for decades - WE STAND UP.     This isn't about money. I will gladly give every single penny away to see those crooks broken, humiliated and punished for their wickedness they indulged in for years and years. GME has become a symbol of regular people finally saying "NO". Finally taking stand.     They try to slander us. They call us names. They make us unable to trade. They want to see us in our cubicles, gullibly following what they tell us.     We the people have had enough. I will continue to hold. I will not sell.
is trading stocks an e-sport now?
This is who we are against , what a smug a-hole
WSB should have a disclaimer flair.
We need to add a disclaimer flair.   This is not investment advice.  I am not an investment professional.
Bought a share for $126 at the valley of the dip.
Why? Because I love GameStop as a company! Why else would I buy it? I wouldn’t even sell if it hit $5K. That’s how sentimentally attached I am to this stock.  “This is not financial advice”
E trade what’s my SSN, is this normal protocol for becoming a broker?
Use me as part of the class action lawsuit against RH
"BREAKING: Class action complaint against @RobinhoodApp filed in the southern district of NY"
CASH APP LETS YOU GET AMC AND NOKIA
This is not financial advice.
FUCK YOU ALL I LOST $309 ON BLACKBERRY YOU LYING PIECES OF SHIT
I cant believe I listened to a bunch of smelly low life frat boys. Fuck you, I lost $309 investing in Blackberry because you all said to buy it. IF YOU ARENT AN EXPERT, KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT ON THE ISSUE!!!!!!
BOUGHT 10 MORE SHARES HOLD HOLD HOLD
YOU CAN BUY GME ON TD AMERITRADE
just bought the dip     not financial advice fuckers
Love and power from all the way in India.
Love and Power from all the way in India.  Yeah. I am one of the guys that joined this sub recently after riding the internet hype train. And in the last two days I have scoured through numerous posts showing your resilience. And I'm absolutely fucking pumped. If this sub is the sprit bomb from dragonballz then trust me I have all my limbs up in the air. Even my dick.
Dear autists, CALL YOUR REPRESENTATIVES
If you're in the US (or anywhere), and you're pissed beyond belief at the blatant manipulation being pulled here, there's something you CAN do, and it only takes about 10 minutes. Do you have 10 minutes to bitch about this to your family? Do you have 10 minutes to stare at the ticker and screech? Then you have 10 god damn minutes to call your reps! Hear me out.  TL;DR Rich boomers mad, market go down. We make different boomers mad, first boomers go to prison. Apes strong together, GME go       .  Very very few people actually ever write letters or make calls to congressmen or representatives, and they DO actually pay attention (if they get many about the same thing.) On top of the fact that it's a great look for these fat boomer cunts to fight against wall street, big money, and corruption, there are FAR more than enough of us to get the the attention of congress in a meaningful way. It's also easy. A call doesn't need to be some deep argument, just "I'm concerned about X."  It might sound like a laughable idea to call up a member of congress to complain, but that's exactly why it works so well; most people don't even think to do it. Remember, your reps are boomers who generally don't have their finger on the pulse. Thousands of people letting them know exactly what's making them upset is a GIFT to them, it's a free political strategy that lets them know what their constituents want. Generally, nobody gives a fuck about congresspeople, and just a couple thousand people voicing their opinions is enough to make their panties wet.  And yes, the financial sector obviously has a lot of power in congress, but we really have the upper hand here for three reasons:  1. It looks bad to take wall street's side. It looks REALLY good to fight for the little guy (that's us!) 2. Given how absoultely blatant and absurd the shit happening right now is, all we need is a single congressperson taking a couple hours to say "hey, this aint right, somebody check this out." 3. This isn't political. This isn't democrats vs republicans. In today's political climate, that's a fucking beautiful shiny rare gem.  Again, CALLING CONGRESSPEOPLE WORKS. They really DO listen, not because they're great wonderful people, but because what you're telling them is "free votes if you do this."  Here's what you should do:  While writing a letter is probably the best, making a call is much easier and still far better than sending an email (emails really will just get ignored most of the time). You have two members of the house (they're more influential, if you don't have much time, just call those two,) and some number of senators depending on your state. You can go online and find their numbers very easily. When you make the call, this is what you should do:    Be concise. Your goal is just to say "I'm upset about this," not to make an argument.   Be calm and polite. Again, the goal is simply to express the fact that you are a voter concerned about X.   Write down what you want to say beforehand in a couple of super clear sentances, and just say that.   Mention a specific issue (  Robinhood restricting stocks, news claiming they had already covered, or all of these issues.) Just don't say "I'm mad that they manipulated the market." Be specific.   Only call once. If some idiot tries to get more attention by calling 20 times, it suddenly turns the whole thing from "concerned voters" to "the hacker known as reddit has performed a DDoS phone call attack on the US congress"  Again, I know that generally the scales tip in favor of wall street. But with shit as big as this, congress can, has, and will suck and fuck the market manipulating cocksuckers who stuck their malformed little weewees in our business.
Please, do one thing right America
YOU CAN BUY ON E-TORO GUYS
I JUST BOUGHT MORE, THIS DIP IS THE BEST TIME TO BUY IT
CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT ALREADY FILED
ROBINHOOD IS F\ \ ked
GME is slowing getting back up after the ladder one hedge fund just did. Imagine what would happen if robbinhood user could buy the dip
I still have hope. Tomorrow will be the day
SUPPORT INCOMING!
NOK
LOOK GUYS NOKIA IS NOT ONE OF THESE HYPE TRAINS STOCK AMC / BB / GME ... 2021 ALONE NOKIA HAS SECURED OVER 5 DEALS WITH TMOBILE AND THE US GOVERNEMNT NOKIA IS ITSELF ALREADY HAS DIRECTIONAL CONTROL ON 5G THEY HAVE A BIG ROLE TO PLAY ON THE 5G RACE WITH CHINA IT ALSO HAS DEVELOPED TECH CHANGING TECH WITH ELISA STOCK  HELD SINCE 1994 FROM ITS PRIME TO AVERAGE BETWEEN $3 TO 6 DOLLAR A SHARE DOING JACK SHIT LOL.. SO COMPANY IS SOLID NO WSB REDDIT NEEDS TO BLOW THIS UP. AND NOW MORE PEOPLE ARE BEING EDUCATED WHAT NOKIA IS ABOUT AND NOT JUST ABOUT SMARTPHONES BUT LITERALLY 5G DEPLOYMENTS THAT TMOBLE/ATT/VERIZON AI VEHICLE NIO/TESLA/LUCID TO FULLY BE AUTOMATED SO ON AND SO ON 5G IS BIGGER THAN JUST SMARTPHONES
Bring on the lawsuits. Webull will not allow us to buy GME
AMC and NOK
Gamestop price too low IMO
They tried all their old moves.  They're trying new moves.  But we know - there is no way out.
Tastyworks manipulating the market #GME # AMC # KOSS
Everyone mad at robinhood, but TDameritrade is doing the same shit.
Basically title. Can we class action them too? SEC complaint?
Aged like fine milk
I bought the dip LETS MOON BOIS
I think we all know how this ends
Boys! Bought a GME!
Poor AF but I bought a GME to support the cause!
Can anyone of you summarize what happened? I no longer look through what is happening
$BB and $AMC literally have the same chart today. These guys are sick. We will not lose. Keep holding!!
Liquidity, float, and thin order books - why we are seeing what we are seeing today
We are seeing extreme volatility in GME stock today. The only cause of volatility this high is extremely low liquidity.    The liquidity is so low because retail has been buying shares at a record rate in the last week, and we are all diamond handing. If they were to allow more retail buy-and-holding today, liquidity would go down even further, causing even more volatility. The brokers know this, so they stopped letting retail buy.  When there are few shares out there, the market makers can’t properly set the bid-ask spreads. Look at how thin the orders are on the Level 2 books for GME. It’s a company with 11-figure market cap. How many shares you have to buy or sell to swing the price 10%? Just a few tens of thousands of shares, a few thousand in some cases. You could swing the entire stock 10% with just a few hundred thousand dollars, creating or destroying billions in paper value. Compare it to the Level 2 books of any other stock in this market cap range. This is insane.    What is the true float of GME? How many shares have retail investors bought up and are now diamond handing?    This is the big question here. There’s only 70M shares of GME outstanding, but I suspect very little is truly floating. Yes, daily volume is huge, but it’s the same few shares being passed back and forth between HFTs. There are \~10M Robinhood accounts and some estimate up to 50% of users own some GME. There’s nearly 5M subscribers to WSB now. Let’s say 5M retail investors have gotten in on GME. If we owned 7 shares each, we now own half the outstanding shares. If we all diamond hand, there are literally not enough shares for the shorts to buy to cover (remember, this stock is shorted 140% of float) This is a massive problem for the shorts and their brokerages. No one actually knows how much float is locked away, but substantial portion is now out of the market and being offered for prices like $     Why did brokerages shut down buying today, but not selling?    Both the retail and the prime brokerages know how big the order books are. They also know how deep in the hole their clients who shorted GME are.   There are likely many accounts deep underwater at the prime brokerages, but their accounts can’t be liquidated because the short positions can’t be closed. There are not enough shares being offered for sale for all the short positions to cover.   They could buy up the entire sell order book (squeezing the price to infinity) and not even be close to covering all their shorts. The brokerages know this. The brokerages know they themselves will be left holding the bag if their clients go bankrupt, so their only choice is to ride it out and try to trip the circuits before everything spirals out of control. By banning buying and allowing selling, they are simultaneously reducing buying demand for the stock and letting their clients with short positions close the positions, reducing their own exposure.    Could an infinity squeeze theoretically bring down the whole system?    It’s unlikely, but theoretically yes, it could. Let’s do a thought exercise – suppose retail has bought up 60M of the 70M GME shares outstanding and ransoms all of them for $1B per share. The spot price on the remaining 10M floating shares starts going up and up. More and more HFs holding short positions are now in negative balance positions, and the brokers need to liquidate all their positions. The only problem is that there is no one willing to sell GME to them below $1B per share. The infinity squeeze has begun.  In an infinity squeeze, the short HFs go bankrupt, with their prime brokerages left holding the obligations. Who is in the prime broker business? The big banks. They would now have to close out the short positions at $1B per share. The banks, unable to afford this, would need to either break the contracts or declare bankruptcy. You either have the fundamental undermining of the contract laws governing the system, or the failure of every large bank. The whole system goes under.  Again, the above scenario is extremely unlikely to happen, but you see how it is theoretically possible. We are not ransoming shares at $1B each. We are only ransoming them for a measly few thousand dollars.    What is the endgame?    I don’t know, I really don’t. You retards are testing the limits of the system, and no one knows how this will end. The banks and brokerages could stick it out, retail will get bored and fold, and everything goes back to normal. Or, we could all diamond hands it until the end, force a series of cascading failures in the system we all live in, and go back to living in huts and bartering. Either way, this will go down as an historical moment in time, possibly leading to a fundamental redesign of the rules of the market.        This is not financial advice. I am not a financial advisor. I like the stock.
Look at who Ken Griffin, Founder and CEO of Citadel, donates to. Know who is on your side when the investigatations start
Every Republican tongue is up this guy's ass. Do not fall for Ted Cruz or Dickhead Tru mp JR tweeting support. This is war and there are double agents.
Fidelity is also not allowing me to buy GME.
Its not just robinhood that's disallowing people from buying GME. Please comment on this post about other apps which aren't allowing buying GME as well.  Would love to see class action against Fidelity as well. I have screenshots of the denied trades.
PLATFORM INFO THREAD // PLACES TO BUY STOCKS RIGHT NOW (Mods, with the changing conditions I find this could be an important thread)
Folks - let’s stay strong here and help eachother out. One thing stopping liftoff right now is information on where to buy and what platforms to apply for ASAP. WHERE CAN I BUY RIGHT NOW?
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez on Twitter ref: RH and Trade Restrictions
Politics aside at least we have a voice in .gov...
BUY THE DIP BEFORE LIFT OFF FUCKERS!!!!!
Unity!
Moved to TD from RH, I will continue to transfer my money, I will never place another trade on RH
DONT GIVE UP FELLAS
We will make them bleed even more. Hold. If it is able for you BUY AT THE DIP NOW
The Power of WSB
Alright guys, I just realized that if we collectively bought then sold some big stocks at the same time, we'd make shit tons of money. We'd just have to work together agree to do stuff at the same time, but we'd all make money. It doesn't even matter what stock it is, so long as buy and sell together.
im only 13 and dont have money to buy stocks but you guys are really fucking cool just keep on holding
What we have learned so far is that for our country to function the way it needs to wealth can not be spread.
Look at the “reasons” for stopping us from buying. They are afraid of a burst or crash. Why? Why is a bunch of people saying that a thing is worth more than it was last week or yesterday going to cause a crash?   Because with people will lose money to people without.   This country was built on an economy that depended on a “slave class” and that has not changed.
Robinhood owner trying to save hedge fund
I'm getting stonewalled everywhere.
I'm an amateur looking to take advantage of this debacle, but everywhere I  's either numerous verifications or GameStop is just missing.  I live in Australia, so E-Trade doesn't work for me.  Anyone have any options I can use that work?
How to create accounts with brokerages other than RH
With RobinHood blocking trading on all of our best stocks, I think it's time to open an account with a new brokerage. Many allow the transfer of assets so that you can pick up right where you left off. For the lazy, I've gathered some links to some of the more popular brokerages. Start opening an account now, as it might take some time to process.     TD Ameritrade     To apply for options or margin, go My Profile > General > Apply for upgrade     Vanguard           Fidelity           Merril Edge           Edit: Removed Webull. It sounds like they also halted buying on GME
TO THE MOON
WE WILL MAKE IT AS LONG AS WE STICK TOGETHER!!!
Trading 212 has locked the buy option too, this is criminal !
Why you can’t sue just Robinhood
Likely to get buried but you can’t just sue robinhood. You have to sue everyone involved with the attempted market manipulation.   SEC Rule 10b-5 is one of the few rules that provides for a private right of action for traders. I think it’s pretty close to time to start getting lawyers involved and dropping some class actions. Surviving motions to dismiss will be the first hurdle, then Robinhood, Melvin Cap, hedge funds, everyone left will be subject to discovery and that is where the real fun happens.
Outcomes of this situation from a complete layman/dumbass TLDR: Weather the storm
The powers that be are flexing their tiny dicks....   so fucking what?  1. They can ban selling a stock, but can do NOTHING about any held positions. If you hold, GME is still far far above where it should be, and continues to hurt melvin on a daily basis. Nobody can “steal” the money that now millions of individuals have caught up in GME or other stocks.  If robinhood kicks every single user who owns GME they will lose their platform, and they would have to “cash out” every single person. Not even the SEC can freeze everyone’s assets and take them away, positions would have to be sold. Hold and they literally can’t do shit.  2. Pursue as much legal action and contact as many politicians as possible. This is blatant market manipulation to protect one scummy fat beached whale.  3. These guys are FUCKED and they know it, which is why they’re doing this. Trying to change the rules will get messier than even they can handle, because this is legally unprecedented, and they would have to change the entire legal system and the rules of trading to do this.  The worst that can happen at this point is we hold until melvin goes fucking belly up dead after a month of GME running 100+ and eventually the SEC freezes gamestop and you get cashed out.  These little piggies can’t thrash around forever.  Hold hold hold everything.
The greatest rise and fall + short attempt ever.
Basically; Citadel owns RobinHood.   Citadel bailed out Melvin to tune of $1-3 Billion or so.  So in order to recoup their losses Citadel had RobinHood stop allowing certain stocks to be supported/bought.  I’m doing so, a mass sell frenzy and price drop.   Citadel and other Hedgies are going to snatch this all up.   And then suddenly we will see RH bring these stocks back.   The prices will rise a lot, more than we’ve ever seen.   In the meantime the hedgies will buy shorts.   And then it begins... maybe. They sell and we lose. They win again on the shorts.   But I said attempt, because it’s up to retail investors if this happens. If they don’t sell and continue to buy the dips and hold. The hedgies will lose again, and harder  What will the SEC do about this?  What will Congress or other overseers do?
Just bought NOK

Where and how can i purchase GME calls?
Im absolutely not experienced in the stock market but I want to support the Autism of the retards on WSB.  So how do I even purchase a call on gme? Before i have use the german sparkasse as a broker but it seems as they don't offer GME calls. So where the hell can i buy those?  Please share your autistic wisdom with me guys. Help me becoming a retard.  Edit:  I can't create a german account on the following brokers:  Webull  Ameritrade
Helping the new guys
Hey everyone I'm new to the scene of fucking over wallstreet but I don't know where to go. It seems robinhood has fucked themselves so anyone know where I can join in on the fun?
THEY JUST SHORT LADDERED DOWN TO $120 TO SHAKE OFF ALL OF THE INVESTORS THAT HAD STOP LIMITS.
KEEP SHOUTING IT FROM THE MOUNTAIN TOPS! FUCKING ILLEGAL.
Sign it. We will not sell. We will not be silent. We will win.
Robinhood fails to understand that they are volatile as well 🤣
Im scared
Im a newbie and a student, iv invested in GME and im scared shitless, but i refuse to not hold the line! This is just a dip. DO NOT SELL
You can use Vanguard to make GME and BB purchases
We have options that are not Robinhood, buy and hold, do not submit.
GME: I BOUGHT THE DIP
bought more  GME on Fidelity.
Fuck Robinhood - There are many excellent alternatives
Long  time lurker, first time poster. Like many of you, I'm furious about the  actions that Robinhood decided to take this morning. Seems like pretty  obvious collusion given that one of the hedges has a stake in RH.  Preventing us from selling certain stocks is beyond bullshit. This seems  criminal. How much money are people losing right now because of this,  and how much are the hedges saving right now? I'm here to say that it's  time we all stop using RH. It's garbage. I have been using Ameritrade  for a while as well, and it is an excellent alternative. Some  transactions have $0 fees, and the most I've paid on a trade is $6 at  this point. Well worth the price to not have to deal with RH fuckery  like this ever again. Super easy to set up an account and you can  transfer funds and start trading right away. Their app is cool too.  Consider this or another platform. Even saw you can buy stock on Cashapp  now. RH has fucked us after making bank off all of our transactions.  It's time for them to face a reckoning. They aren't the only game in  town and it seems like they need to be reminded of that. I'm buying in  on Ameritrade and then  closing my RH positions when profitable and  closing my account. Seriously, fuck these assclowns. Get set up on  another platform, hitch a ride to the lunar surface, and wave a finger  back at RH for pulling this. Hoping this will have disastrous effects on  the upcoing RH IPO. Fuck them.  250 AMC @    300 NOK @    1 GME @ $81 (lame I know)  A bunch of others I'm not going to bother listing.
15 Shares in BB
It ain't much, but fuck Robinhood...
WERE HEADED UP AGAIN BOIS, BUY HOLD BUY HOLD!!! ROCKETSHIPS ALL OVER THE PLACE
Bought GME @ 415. Just doubled down. Kick rocks Citadel. WITNESS ME RETARDS!!!
"I am the gatekeeper of my own destiny and I too shall have my glory day in the hot sun."  - Nacho Libre  - Me
Do what you want but keep going on writing fucking history
Fellow retards, we have fucking diamond hands and now everyone knows. This is history dudes and I want to thank you for these emotions. I want to thank you because I can tell to my son and nephews that I was there when 2 million of retards with fucking diamond hands was writing history.  History books deserve more pages because stonks only go up.  We are WSB, and no one can stole the fucking moon from us.
Just REFUELED BB 60 and HOLDING                      WERE GOING TO THE MOON🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕
Warning: Not financial advice, rather it's a big PP move honestly.  I LIKE THE STOCK
Where can I buy GME now??
Came late to the party.  Downloaded Robinhood last night and placed some orders for the crowd favorites.  This morning Robinhood told me all my orders were canceled.  Where can I buy GME now?  Thank you all!
JUST IN - Class action complaint filed in the southern district of New York against RobinhoodApp
Robinhood has removed GME from trading altogether! I am done with them!


FUCK YOU ALL I LOST $309 ON BLACKBERRY YOU LYING PIECES OF SHIT
U guys dont know shit, I cant believe I listened to a bunch of smelly frat boys. You should all be ashamed of yourselves for misleading tons of people. I lost $309. I feel even worse for the people you mislead into pouring their life savings into this.
ROBINHOOD WILL CRASH THE GLOBAL MARKET
Hey there fellow traders  Myself Merlin I am from India  Ever since robinhood has prevented people to buy  GME even our market has dropped ie. BSE i request you all to please hold GME and even i will convince my fellows to hold
My brethren Revolut is allowing GME AMC BB trades COM FREE

$AMC IS BUYABLE ON CASHAPP
criple them
bro i need to know, im prepared to help but GME,AMC,BLKBRY and all the rest have disappeared from etrade and robing hood. we gotta keep the gravy train rolling. what is the next move
The rich played us, they played us all.
As GME was around the peak there were short orders and liquidated stocks from alphabet and apple stocks. Robinhood suspended orders, people either panick sold or moved funds. Rich people made money on the short.  We were robbed, and anyone of you who made money, it was taken from another peasent's pocket and not from the 1%. And what's funnier? they are repeating the same move and bumping the stock. And what's funnier? it's gonna fucking work.
Ok someone please help me understand or please keep me in the loop of the next takeover omg
SNDL, CBDD
SNDL is trading at .71 (10:05a/PST) and CBDD at .0225 (10:05a/PST) let’s get these things moving!
We are winning. HOLD STRONG
Through all the manipulation and blocking we are pulling through. We are gaining power. BB GME and AMC are all starting to trend for the better. Remember to hold. The lowering price can’t stay low if we dont sell. Do not cave to big money. Let’s make them pay.
Thanks Robinhood for robbing a college student of 800 bucks, you won’t make me sell   Adding more as soon as I can , this is personal now.
Volkswagen 2008
Citadels Portfolio tomorrow, borrowed from Degiro
HELP - where can the users of RH go that allows them to buy stock immediately when opening an account?
I am sure it will require transfers by CC, as AHC always takes days.  But so many places place waiting times.  What broker allows you to sign up, put in CC, and trade immediately?  We need to help our RH brothers buy the dip.
Look at the volume of   manipulation. Stay strong!!
Oh they fucked up.
AOC Calling Out Robinhood
Social pressure alone won't win the battle we're waging, but every little bit helps!
I'm afterbirth-soaked new to this, Cashapp is the only one that didn't dead-end me
Long story short, was kinda scrambling to setup a new account literally anywhere this morning. Every single major trading app or site ultimately pulled some kinda shenanigans on me, "unexpected error", "due to abnormally blah blah", or they'd just flat out crash.  Then I saw someone mention Cashapp. I downloaded it, 5 minutes later I own Nokia stock.   So.. what do I buy next?
DD
Please respond I spent all my money....   ‍♀️ 🤕🤕   should I move all my stocks from Robinhood to WeBull? Serious Q down 13k this morning.
Showing are support from Israel..
Me and a few buddies bought few hundreds shares of  bb and amc. We hope the RH saga will end soon!
Keep your head up every1
Robinhood time of death 1-28-21
What an all time dumb move by them. When the whole entirety of your user base is buying gme, amc   would you side with the rich institutions?   I’ll be deleting Robinhood once this is over. Any recommendations on free trading platforms you know of that are letting you buy these stocks would be greatly appreciated.
IF YOU AREN'T PAYING COMMISSIONS FOR TRADES, THEN YOUR BROKER HAS A VESTED INTEREST IN SEEING THESE SHORT SQUEEZES FAIL!
Commisison free brokers like robinhood make money from sending orders to high frequency trading firms before the NYSE, such as Citadel.      Citadel alone makes 25% of Robinhood's profits.    Citadel also has billions invested in Melvin capital, the hedge fund in the news that was wiped out.   Citadel gave Melvin 2 billion to fight the short squeeze several days ago.      CITADEL LOSING THIS MUCH MONEY OR EVEN POTENTIALLY GOING BANKRUPT MEANS THAT ROBINHOOD LOOSES UP TO 25% OF ITS INCOME!    EVERY SINGLE COMMISSION FREE BROKERAGE MAKES MONEY THIS WAY. NO MATTER WHAT IT IS.  IF YOU ARE SWITCHING BROKERAGES, BE SURE TO USE ONE THAT CHARGES COMMISSION AND DOESN'T SEND YOUR DATA TO HFT'S BEFORE THE NYSE
Brokerages comparison thread: We all need to get off Robinhood ASAP. Please post your experiences today with the broker you're using and your rating. Let's find out which brokers didn't participate in halting buys for AMC, GME, etc, today.
SOFI PARTNER HAS HALTED GME AND AMC DESPITE OBJECTIONS FROM SOFI
MERRILL HAS HALTED. HOLD ON BOYS!
This petition is trending
This is ludicrous I can't search NAKD NOK GME or AMC it's as if they don't exist on Robinhood. So for the people who don't have shares or have them favorited they are still visible on other platforms such as Webull. Also I cannot buy order only sell, how rigged is that?
My portfolio isn't big and to see it tank this much in the red is nerv wrecking. Almost need some form of validation, motivation, and assurance to not sell. Luckily for me these hands don't scare easy. Everytime I open and see more of a loss the more I remind myself  that IMNOTFUCKINLEAVING! They're gonna have to send in the national guard to make me sell. To my colleagues I assure you our time will rain upon Wall Street. Hang in there! There will be nuggies for all of us soon to come.
Proof this sudden drop in $GME ain’t something to be scared of because it LITERALLY HAPPENED 3 DAYS AGO
So, I know some of y’all are scared that $GME’s price dropped from around $500 to around $120. Well, I got news for you, this kind of a drop  happened 3 days ago (picture 1):    Then we shoot up 140% the next day (picture 2). Now, we went from $115 to $273 as of writing, in around an hour or so, KEEPING IN MIND THE FACT THAT ROBINHOOD AND OTHER BANNED US FROM BUYING (Picture 3)  I think this is enough evidence that then can’t stop us if we HOLD together to that $5000 target, at least.  Thanks for your attention.
ITS TIME THE FAT CATS HAD A HEART ATTACK
DONT GIVE UP, BUY BUY BUY (GME) WITH WHAT YOU CAN AFFORD. APES STRONG TOGETHER
Alternatives to throbbin hood, and can I transfer my shares to a new broker?
Buying AMC and NOK on cashapp
Just a reminder you can still buy these two stocks on cashapp
Fuck Robinhood - TD has free trades and isn’t limiting GME or AMC
I’ve been using TD Ameritrade for years, no trade fees and they aren’t limiting GME right now (I just bought more in the dip). Never had a problem with them!  If you’re fed up and want to switch let me send you that sweet sweet referral link.
GME Degenerates... It's simple, the price will go up if we have balls of steel and HOLD since the hedge fund managers have to cover their positions.
I'm willing to contribute with 100$.
What are my best options?
My contribution:
I just gave Robinhood a 1-star review in the App Store and I encourage everyone to do the same... their   star rating doesn’t sit well with me anymore. Fuck them.
Trade Republic German copy of Robinhood says 'because of volatility we disabled buying GME, AMC, BB etc', when trying to buy some AMC STONKS
Would you look at that? WSB created political unity.
Guess where my hands turned to paper. Don't be like me.
Don’t they know this only turns me on? Holding until I die
Let's review the situation.
I just remembered that I haven't yet written a review for the Robinhood app.  I think I'll do that now.
If Robinhood was truly concerned they would have stopped both Buying AND Selling?
Right?  Or am I missing something?
Next best app to invest
After the stunt robinhood pulled id imagine a bunch of people including myself aren’t going to use it anymore. What’s the next best app to use in order to fuck these rich bastards over some more
MOVE TO FIDELITY. THEY ARE CURRENTLY UP AND HAVE $BB AND $GME. WE LIKE THE FIDELITY.       🙏🙏🙏
Everyone. HOOOOOOOOOOOLD
AS LONG AS WE ARE ALL N TOGETHER WE HAVE NOTHING TO FEAR BUT MISSING THE 5K PEAK WHILE PICKING UP OUR WIFES BF. HOLD BABY HOLD
EU broker to buy GME
IB doesn't let me buy GME, any alternatives in europe?
Ally Bank has cancelled all open GTC orders and is blocking access to investment accounts
IS $GME Frozen???
JUST IN - Class action complaint filed in the southern district of New York against RobinhoodApp

The real villain behind the buying ban is Peak6. They own Apex Clearing, which is blocking Robinhood and SoFi from buying GME. They also own Peak6 Capital Management, which is an official MARKET MAKER
I tried buying GME in SoFi, but they told me that Apex Clearing wasn't allowing them to. Apex Clearing also clears for Robinhood. The title pretty much says it all from there, but this is because Peak6 Capital Management is a market maker. Can we loop them into the class action lawsuit?  Proof:
Hey Winklevoss twins.. thank you
Thanks for standing up for us on CNBC.
World ETF follower here. But this has gone to far!
Greetings wallstreetbets. I am not your usual autist and use my money to invest it in big world ETF. But what is happening right now is a declaration of war against every free investor out there. I will not stand for this and liquidating enough to just buy 50 shares of GME.   I hereby ask every lurker to do the same autist or not, this is about freedom and fairness,  there are values we have to preserve!
UK GANG - FREETRADE STILL ALLOWING PURCHASES
Fidelity is still allowing trade of AMC and GME!!!!
Everyone hop on this and don’t ever look back at RH
HOLD ALSO I LIKE SLV
Where are people buying GME?
I really don't like RH and IBRK
Perhaps there'd be a way to short these colluding companies? I'm sure a lot of us are jumping ship on them, and they've fucking deserved it.
If they want to halt trading, then cripple the market....
Move all your 401k investments into a cash account.  Bring it all down on their fucking heads!
oh boy this is gonne be fun
Who else is stuck with their money pending in RH?
Threw quite a bit of money into GME AMC and NOK last night through RH. Obviously my order was canceled, but it’s been pending for hours now so I can’t withdraw. Couldn’t invest through another app if I wanted to, this is bull
What app do we europeans use to get in on this?
Downloaded Revolut but it keeps saying my application is being reviewed so I can't buy anything at the moment. What else is out there?
Should I invest in NOK?
I’m broke as shit so I can’t invest much
I found this article ON ROBINHOOD. They are even more reee than we are.
LETS ROCKET THESE NUMBERS UP!!!
ETORO TRADING APP HAS NOW BLOCKED BUYING GME
WHAT the FUCK I was just about to buy a few more at the dip
CHAMATH SHOWING SUPPORT ONCE AGAIN
Nothing but straight facts coming from the big boys. Citadel and Melvin Capital are practically eating their own shit at this point.
Hedge funds are buying and selling amongst themselves to drive the price down. DO NOT GET SCARED
We like the stock
KEEP PUSHING! KEEP THE HYPE GOING!
It can't drop if we hold and buy what we can afford!    The big speculators have dropped their guard and shown us, that we really hit them,   by pulling all the strings they can do discourage us.   DON'T LET THEM GET TO YOU!     SPOILER: STONKS ONLY GO
True or Bullshit - Robinhood CEO on short seller squeeze: Retail investors are feeling ‘empowered’

Don’t be a paper hand biotch—————-
Matt is correct
This is a highly organized, collusive attack on retail
Some brokers are straight up not allowing users to buy shares (oh but selling, sure!)   Most brokers have pulled margin availability so only Wall Street can leverage their position, not retail   Ongoing media blitz calling retail traders right-wing nuts and suggesting this is enriching nazis   We just saw an obvious short ladder attack to drive down prices in GME. Here's how it works: two hedge funds collude to flood the offer (sell) side with shares. Then:      Hedge fund A will sell a counterfeit share for $300      Hedge fund B will buy that share to cover their short      Hedge fund B will sell a counterfeit share for $299      Hedge fund B will buy to cover their $300 position      Rinse and repeat, lowering the price each time
Class action? Check out the RH User Agreement
After being cut off from accessing multiple stocks this morning, read through the RobinHood user agreement. I am still hopeful, but they can screw with our money at any time. The game was rigged from the start —what a disgrace.
I have $100. What is the smartest thing to put that into right now?
Sold all of my BB and AMC, and went all in on GME at $200+ per share. It's not too late!! if you live somewhere with no restrictions buy GME and HOLD IT!
It amounts to around 10k. It's not much but it's honest work. TO THE MOON WE GO                    GET IN HERE
IF GME REACHES $420 FRIDAY I WILL GET A TATTOO OF GAME STOP! HOLD
where can i buy GME?
I live in the US, what can i use to buy GME?
ZOM ZOM ZOM PUT IT INTO ZOM
ZOM ZOM ZOM PUTTING IT ALL IN
Post here if you closed your RH account (or with another broker that blocked buying)
As per the title. We’re experiencing first hand the greatest manipulation of the market in history with broker bullying people into selling their stock while preventing them from buying, just so they can lose less money
Dummy here can someone explain the volume of the stock I like in relation to shorts
I keep seeing there’s low volume and this is why panic is not needed. Can someone unpack this for me? I’m up in Canada holding like a MF for you southerners educate me
Just bought GME on ameritrade.
Saagar Enjeti is speaking up for us again!! Wall Street Elites REGULATE, DEPLATFORM Redditors Who BEAT THEM On GameStop - Rising - The Hill
Saagar Enjeti pointed out the hypocrisy between how the rich and powerful put a blind eye when hedge funds short 140% of available GME stocks but suddenly screaming for regulations when WE THE PEOPLE simply participates in the free market. He went on and points out that TD Ameritrade went the furthest to keep the people from buying all associated stocks while they never stopped hedge funds and billionaires from doing so. For example, Bill Ackman manipulated the hotel stocks to the ground back in March last year and jump in in the midst of a panic sell, pocketing billions in the process.  SAAGAR IS THE SHIT!!!
ALEX KEARNS NEVER FORGET
Senator Warren Releases Statement on GameStop Trade
I'm so proud of you all that I spent $300 of my heard-earned money buying a single share of GME
I figure it is my plebeian tax to fund the resistance. You are all heroes!
212 Still allows trading for NAKD, BB, NOK, frequent dips potential profit
go get some cash lads
AAPL
AAPL STONKS  RECORD EARNINGS  BUY BUY BUY
Class action lawsuit against Robinhood
This whole GameStonk phenomenon has shed light on how fucking corrupt Wall Street is and frankly I’m fucking pissed. Not only do I have to go home to my wife fucking her boyfriend and raise their kid, but now I can’t buy more of the stock I like.   I was curious about how to go about getting a class action lawsuit going against Robinhood?
Can’t look up GameStop!
These assholes at Robinhood won’t even let me search for GameStop! I didn’t invest in it sadly, but I wanted to see it today and I can’t look it up in the search bar! Robinhood should change their name because they won’t allow us to take from the rich and give to the poor! 🙄
Where can we buy more GME stock?
Is it banned on all platforms now?
Found on Twitter-
What IS happening with GameStop and the stock market?
Like what is a hedge fund? What is shorting? What is happening on the stock market as a result?
The Dip is a Dip, Don’t Despair
#The narrative of David v. Goliath  has made everyone forget Big Money is on BOTH SIDES  Guys, think of all the times the apps crashed yesterday but the rest of the market could still buy/sell. Prices didn’t collapse.   Notice how guys like Chamath were profiting on calls? Notice how around 1:30pm yesterday (27th), someone traded ~600k at $327? We’re providing cover, and taking all the heat for, other big institutions.   Robinhood being down will tank sentiment for sure, but this has and always was driven by big money on both sides. This has all been contingent on their whims ever since WSB got the ball rolling  #This may be the end, or it might not, but it won’t be due to Robinhood & Co.’s (illegal) restrictions  #TL;DR:       is not financial advice, plz don’t sue :-(
AOC IS WITH US AS WELL!!!
STOP SELLING GME!!! GO ALL IN ON IT STOP BUYING AMC, GME IS THE SHORT SQUEEZE OF THE CENTURY! ALL IN!!
Link to FINRA Complaint Form - Do Your Part!
Here you go everyone. Filing complaints to FINRA on the brokerages and clearing houses that are causing this obvious manipulation.  Personally, I have filed complaints against both Tastyworks and APEX Clearing (Tasty's clearing house) now that they have stopped allowing purchasing in GME and other tickers.
OFFICIAL DEFINITION OF MARKET MANIPLULATION ON THE SEC
Processing img imun3pjlw3e61...
Is bb blocked as well?
Havent heard any blocking but everybody else seems to be rallying
SEC orders RH to freeze and seize accounts suspected of market manipulation. This is absurd.
GME is back up, get ACM back up as well!!! To the Moon
Currently GME is steadily going back up and ACM is at the same low GME just was. Buy ACM now and Hold!!!
SELL EURUSD FOLKS
TAKE PROFIT   STOP LOSS   Good luck :)
PSA For All The Red Dildos 🇺🇸
As you all know, as of now we have ACO, PAPA MUSK, CUBAN, SHEPIRO and even Trump Jr on our side! Let’s not forget MIA K (blesses sister)  ONLY REASON GME AMC NOK BB are down is because a lot of people cannot buy, it’s simple, unless your IQ is -1000 you gonna sell.  We are already in deep red, 48K for me and some here are down by 6 digits, but guess what! If we are holding you CAN TOO!   This is a coordinated attack to bring prices down otherwise a lot of cock sucking companies are gonna be fucked big time and their loyal customers are gonna head down town.   Hedge funds are buying and selling to each other with coordinated bids/asks to lower the stonks even more.   We still have our shares and guess if we sell them, who’s gonna buy them since buying is closed!!!!! ITS THEM COCK SUCKING MOFOS!!! THEY WILL BUT OIR SHARES FOR A DISCOUNT!!  Don’t be scared, don’t be tempted, don’t sell, don’t give up.  They can’t keep the restrictions forever, they can’t keep the attacks forever.  As of now RH alone is going to lose a loooooooot customers, this is a big blow for them.   Our STOCKS are loading up for lift off once buying will open, the shorts will cover, and guess what! The same people who attacked us are going to buy the dip and stay away from shorting.   The big boys are loading up shares and calls as of now, you should do the same.  HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD
GameStop Update Part 3: The Betrayal: Robinhood
Robinhood has turned against their loyal user base (WSB) and froze trading on GME (according to many sources). Users have clearly stated you cannot buy, you can only sell or close your positions.  The price of GME has gone from $450 in pre-market trading to below $250 per share. Down massively from pre-market with trade restrictions across multiple platforms.  When you go into battle against hedge fund billionaires you expect a fight, but this raises questions of loyalties, legalities and ethics.   This hits especially hard as Robinhood has always felt as if it was designed for Reddit users and WSB. Robinhood's slogan proclaims "Democratizing Finance For All"   From a company like this we expected better.   To make matters worse, Robinhood claims it is for the protection of users.   Trading options wildly for newly minted retail traders was never an issue, people losing their life savings on complex options they may not understand was fine. But, when a hedge fund is getting smoked somehow there is too much risk and WE need protected?  In the best and kindest of worlds this is hard to swallow.  For those not aware Robinhood is a multi-billion dollar startup with a recent valuation of over $9 Billion. Investments come from Tier 1 VC firms including Sequoia Capital, Andreessen Horowitz, New Enterprise Associates and Ribbit Capital.     Their total funding is roughly $ , and their app is known for options trading and is highly connected with WSB.   Stay tuned for the next stages in the battle for Gamestop, Robinhood and "Democratizing Finance For All"
GME IS ABOUT TO BLAST OFF TO THE OUTER RIM OF THE KNOWN UNIVERSE, BUCKLE UP AND ENJOY THE SHOW   🪐🪐🤫🤫
Strap in boys ☄️💫
AOC for WSB!
Best app to use?
I’m new to investing and I’m looking for an app to use. Any suggestions would be great.
Rumors are growing, i love it and i want in. 😅😅
Rumors are flowing that most of you on this channel have gone underground. If so shoot me a PM, I want in. Watching yall work had made me a proud redditor. I don't have alot of money but I will use what I can to help.
WE HAVE THE POWER
We have proven we have the power to do what we want, we can make any stock sky rocket. While we have this power we should do what we want as a collective. If gme remains blocked we move to others, and we will make millions. WSB TO THE MOON
UK here. WeBull and Trading 212 have suspended GME buys. Freetrade and Revolut are declining my orders. Where the fuck can I buy some shares?!
trading platforms that offer fractional shares like RH?
i’m trying to find a new trading platform that’s more reliable. but since i don’t have a lot of money to play with at the moment, i’m wanting to invest >150$. therefore i feel like fractional shares is the move. any suggestions?
Close your accounts
Close your TD Ameritrade, Robinhood, and Schwab accounts
Class action
What’s the best way to handle this situation with brokerages banning buying indiscriminately?
All clearing houses seem to be rigging the market. Trading 212 cannot process buy orders on GME and AMC. It could be as well that they are trying to divert the guilt.
I GOT ONE
HOLD IT BOYS. WE ARE PART OF HISTORY
WHERE DO WE GO FROM HERE?
i have all my accounts setup on webull, fidelity, and e trade because robinhood decided to manipulate the market. do i continue buying and holding GME/NOK/NAKD/AMC? i don’t wanna use cashapp cause they can seize all your money at their own will
Holy shit, here we go.
I’m not a chart expert, but this looks identical..
REMEMBER ONE THING AND ONE THING ONLY
BUY AND HOLD BOYS, GME TO THE MOON
Nothing can stop me I'm all the way up
Is the moon made of cheese? We're gonna find out.
Cash app trading is not working
NOK and AMC don't go through and can't be canceled to try again, they're holding my money in limbo
Can someone ELI5 how the hedge funds are manipulating the stock price?
Based on data that I’ve seen, I strongly believe that the squeeze hasn’t happened yet and that the massive dip just now was the short sellers somehow manipulating the algorithm to decrease the stock price.   But how are they doing that? Any articles to point me in the right direction?
Robinhood should be forced to change it's name to Sheriff of Nottingham.
They were right, when they decided to block us retards we did get hurt.
You can still use Sofi for GME, AMC, etc.
I opened an account around 9am. Deposited 1k and by about 10:30 my account was fully approved to use the deposit. Everything was usable as far as interface, etc. Just took a bit of time to be able to use my deposit. Dont be discouraged during the waiting period. It comes pretty quickly.  Fuck Robinhood.
HOLD every single share, this is much bigger than only money, it’s the payback
We’re going to make them pay for every single person that lost the job in the recession, everyone that took their lives, every family that had to struggle to have something to eat, because these mfs were too occupied making money to give a shit about anyone’s beside themselves, even if it meant to cause trouble to others.  I don’t know about you, but I’m in this not only for the money, but for the revenge, the payback on these mfs, so I’ll hold it until the end.  Just hold it, doesn’t matter if you have BB, NOK, AMC or GME, hold and buy more, we’re sending a message that they won’t forget.  I’m retard, but I’m no pussy, I ain’t going back.
Remember fellow apes, $200+ by Friday was NOT the original goal!
Hold strong, my brothers! Remember that on Monday our goal was $170 by close on Friday. We are in this to win this!   this is not legit financial advice
Might as well start today’s loss porn Good luck to everyone with real money in the market
Buying the dip
I’m not a financial advisor and this is not financial advice. I got into GME kind of late but goddamn if I don’t stand with you retards till the bitter end. I saw the dip and my    didn’t waver. I might be shitting blood but I haven’t sold. My wife’s boyfriend thinks I’m a beta for buying more at the dip but I’m finally going to stand up for myself if he’s ok with that. If you can’t buy because those RH, Webull, Ameritrade shills won’t let you, find another app. They’re trying to lock us out from buying off their short ladder, cause they’re scared.     I like the mother fucking stonk
I FINALLY WENT FOR IT IN THE DIP. RIDE OR FUCKING DIE
AMC and GME are both still okay to buy on Fidelity.
Not buying any because I am a holder, but I tested with small amounts throughout the day. Good all day. Get off RH and move to something that isn't throttling.
Sell? Fuck you Robinhood
Who the fuck to these people think they are. I was gonna let their hedge fund buddies off easy and sell at   Now? I’m holding until all the shorts are so bankrupt they’ll never be able to raise another cent on Wall Street. Maybe I’ll never sell. This is OUR market! GTFO with all this manipulation bullshit. This just got personal!  Positions: 255 shares of GME
The battle has only begun
It’s crazy how everyone had to hear about how great the stock market was doing during a global pandemic and economic crisis that left millions without money and jobless but the minute the average pers decided to get involved and invest Wall Street was like WHOA WHOA WHOA THIS IS OUR MONEY!  These motherfuckers are fucking scared, don’t fucking sell, this is all to intimidate us into selling our shares so they can cover their short positions at a cheaper price. Guess what Citadel and Melvin Capital? We aren’t fucking pussies and we aren’t going down this easy.   IM NOT FUCKING SELLING.  Godspeed my fellow brothers.
Engage Full GME Thrusters
sshhhoooookkkkkkkk(rocketsounds)
2500 BB POSITIONS BOUGHT THIS MORNING FOR MY AMERICAN BROTHERS
After all this is over we should boycott Robinhood and move somewhere else, or perhaps someone can make a new platform that doesn't suck the dicks of big hedge fund companies who like stomping on the little guy.
TIM SYKES AND THE $HORT BOYZ
I heard them Boyz picking up thousands of put contracts on GME, ya heard? Diamond hands? DIAMOND BALLZ
Robinhood should REFUND every account at the VALUE they had before the pulled the plug
Mods don’t delete this, it’s important.      What happened today isn’t normal, it’s literally market manipulation and last time I  ’s illegal.      I’m getting down right sick of this 2 system country we have. 1 for the poor and 1 for the rich. I know you’re sick of it as much as I am. So what can we do to stop this?       First let’s not forget what happened and push for answers, and push for accountability.       Second let’s keep track of exchanges that are blocking stocks. We know who they are and we need to remember them.       Lastly, lawsuit.      GME    NOK    AMC
Super retarded idea: Create a culture here that frowns upon Robinhood.
Robinhood's recent actions in regards helping the hedge funds and Wall Street by disabling margin and trades altogether is straight up market manipulation at it's finest. With that, and the other points mentioned below, I believe that there is enough justification to ditch Robinhood altogether.   I believe that we should, as a community, discourage users from using Robinhood by ultimately frowning upon it. If you believe in sucking on hedge funds and corrupt bankers cocks, then, by all means, use Robinhood.   It may sound weird to suddenly take such a strong stance against a brokerage as a community, but it's important to remember that this will benefit people in three big ways.   The first reason is that Robinhood's system is downright inferior. When you place a trade, Robinhood outsources that to a different brokerage, who then executes the trade. This, in theory, was fine, until we found out that they were giving us inferior prices on the bid-ask spread that ended up making us lose money. There's a very big price you pay for "Commission-free trading," and you'll realize how much cheaper it is to just pay for your options.   The second reason is that Robinhood supports the greedy hedge funds and Wall Street guys. By disabling the ability to buy certain stocks, Robinhood actively understood that this would drive the price lower, which benefits the people Robinhood is practically owned by. Not using Robinhood makes for more fair market practices, which means a lot to the little guys.   The third reason is perhaps the most basic of all. Robinhood is the best looking brokerage we've ever seen. And that's a problem. When things look as elegant as they do, people seem to forget the real-life consequences of the trades they place. Using a more honest and complex looking system encourages better economic and financial understanding, which will benefit us in the long run.   Naturally, small posts like these come up and around every so days, and maybe two or three people pull the trigger, but that's simply not enough. My retarded idea is to, as a community, turn hating Robinhood into a culture. Into a religion. Now that we understand it's true evil, we must burn it to the ground.
EVERY HALT WE UP 10-20 THIS IS DA WAY MELVIN YOU SHITTING YA PANTS
Its tough but imma try to get Indians to join. But whats the best way for an Indian to buy GME?
Unexpected allies? I'll try to rally the Indian troops.   But please suggest few ways we could do it!   To The Moon
Potential Robinhood lawsuits already coming in
VENT YOUR RH FRUSTRATION TO BRAND REPORTERS
Y'all - I'm a PR guy that works in the advertising space. I am pitching every brand reporter on the planet to do a story about Robinhood's brand value cratering. If you want to tell them your opinion of the brand, Tweet or email them.   Net net, I am pulling my investments with RH. The hypocrisy is almost as thick as the irony of their name and behavior.  NYT, FastCo, AdWeek, AdAge, WSJ,  , MediaPost, MarketingLand, MarketingDive. Hopefully they all cover.
Did Robinhood get delisted on the Apple app store?
I searched for it on the app store and no results are coming up for it (only similarly-named apps).  Did they wind up ranked at or below 1 and get delisted? lol!
I don't know if anyone noticed this yet or not, but it's official... They officially took Naked Brands off of the Robinhood platform so you can no longer buy or sell it. This is just the beginning. They are about to remove more stocks off the platform to prevent Trading.
What we're going through right now may be the most corrupt and illegal move in years as far as Wall Street goes. We need to all stand up for ourselves and fight back against them. Make sure to hold all of your stock and don't back down. Until then, I say everyone should start making their own class action lawsuits against Robinhood.
It’s going back up please guys don’t sell!!
Screwed by Robinhood and his cronies
Had a stop loss order that I was trying to cancel with Robinhood, but with their fucking market manipulation it triggered. So pissed off now, and I can't buy in again from anywhere. How is this shit even legal?
Do not sell GME. There was a big dip right before the VW short squeeze in '08
Right before the '08 VW short squeeze, there was a fat dip and then         .     It's quite simple. The hedge funds and market makers are squeezing their nipples really fucking hard right now in hopes that GME will fall but really all they're doing is prepping GME to blow.     I'm not a financial expert nor advisor. IDK shit and this is just a theory.
did you guys break the SEC complaint website?
i have a client with a legitimate grievance to file but i think you guys crashed it lol. which rules, i say keep at it until they make DFV the CEO of robinhood. hold the line boys
$10,000
They lost their chance for $5,000. Take every penny these fools have!    As will be said in our movie right before takeoff:   You don't mess with the internet.
AMC IS THE NEW GME HOLD
Fidelity take over?
How do we feel about becoming a Fidelity thread? Didn’t stop trading from what I understand, didn’t lose money in 08 because they aren’t run by scumbags. Any reason this doesn’t become our safe haven?
PUT THE BROKE BACK INTO STOCKBROKER
BUY THE DIP   GME TO THE MOON     HOLD TO THE MOON, MARS, INFINITY AND BEYOND
GUYS HOLD, OR BUY
HOLD HOLD HOLD OR BUY THE DIP  no financial advice
CLASS ACTION SUIT FILED AGAINST ROBINHOOD IN NY SOUTHERN DISTRICT
Stay Strong!
Who bought the top award
We should make a community award for whoever bought the very top and can prove it.  The bigger the position at the top = THE WINNER
S U N D I A L volume is insane
If you’re able to buy then this is your chance.
WHEN SHOULD WE GO ALL IN ON SILVER ?????
almost went 📄 but MONKEY STRONG TOGETHER
Keep winning boys, no sell. I like the stock.
With the class actions that will soon be raised on Brokers, is it time to short IBKR?
Can we create a megathread of alternative brokerage apps? I was able to purchase GME and AMC through my Chase app.
As they say, the free market will always correct itself. Find alternatives that won’t let the suits bully them into keeping the status quo!
Anyone know what these blocked trade companies are doing or calling with the SEC and congress?
Position:  holding  🤚🏻 and very pissed
Imagine if u just bought in on the dip - 💰, already seeing a $150+ rebound
Don’t let them scare you away.   Buy what you can afford on the dips - but please don’t over extend yourself.    Hold tight     and you’ll see     💵 soon!  Edit; I am not a financial advisor nor do I have a crystal ball 🔮 🐒
BACK TO 300 BABY. BLASTOFF HAS COMMENCED
If   Million people read the article, why is Robinhood now stopping these saame people from making trades. Anyways, FUCK Robinhood
Trump JR has our backs!!!!
WERE GOING FULL THROTTLE DOWN IN CANADA EVERYONE THEY HAVE NOT STOPPED THE TRADING ON GME/AMC
FULL SEND, HOLD FOREVER AND DONT LET GO LIKE YOUR HOLDING
Is it too late to buy GME, and if not, where?
Some websites are outright refusing to let people buy, so if GameStop’s stock is still rising, what reliable websites can I buy stock from?
NEW TRADING APP MEGATHREAD - NO MORE ROBINHOOD
Quit making any trades on Robinhood moving forward.  Fidelity should be a good stronghold. They didn't shut off GME trades.
Honest question: where to buy    stocks. Gme amc etc
How do I buy
Where can I buy stock NOW?!
After getting my orders rejected on RH I’ve spent all morning trying to find other brokerages but most have a 2-4 day application process delay. Help a newbie out! I’m ready to YOLO
Italian here, how can I join the movement?
I never have been a part of stock market, but i'll spend 10 euros for a good meme (and for principles ofc) where can i go? i tryed  fidelity as i read many people going there, but it seems to be only for americans...  also first time posting here (ofc) and i don't know how to flair this properly
Class action lawsuit filed against Robinhood
Apex Clearing ordered AMC, GME, & KOSS to be CLOSING ONLY!
Got an email from tastytrade this morning,  >Apex Clearing, who acts as the custodian of all tastyworks  accounts, has informed us that the following symbols (AMC, GME, &  KOSS) will be set to closing only order status immediately. You will only be able to submit orders to close out any open positions that you have in these symbols.  APEX CLEARING IS PART OF THE ESTABLISHMENT SCREWING US OVER
Gme Nok Amc was only refueling this morning
ROBINHOOD IPO 2021??? - Never forget how they sold out to the funds.
If they have plans to IPO in 2021, then never forget WSBpring 21!!     I am no so sure that will be a successful adventure now.      I am for one looking for a new broker.  Any suggestions? Webull looks to be Chinese owned which I have some hesitation with.     God speed to you all!
Ahoy mateys! HOLD THE LINE
Lawsuit against Robinhood
Is there something else we can counter the hedge fund shorts? AAL,BB both not available for me.
Transfer options to another institution
All right my fellow retards is there anyway I could transfer my options from Robin Hood into another trading platform?  I want to get out of Robin Hood ASAP!  ✊ ✊ ✊ ✊ ✊ ✊ ✊ ✊
290 WE BACK BABY
HOLD BOYS WE GOT THIS Not financial advice
IMAGINE BEING A PAPER HAND BITCH RIGHT NOW   BETTER GET BACK IN BEFORE WE LEAVE ORBIT
IMAGINE your frail little hands just crumbling at us coming back to earth to pick up some retards. See ya later nerds there's still space in the back you better hop back on before we leave
Time to get the SEC involved. They are the only ones who can stop this today.
Call the SEC New York Office at 212-336-1100  Call you congressmen and senators. Pressure them to get the SEC to force Robinhood and TD to let investors buy before EOD.
Boycott Robinhood
Burn them to the ground.
YOU ARE HERE - History repeats itself, don't miss being a part of it, HOLD AND BUY THE DIP            ALSO M1 FINANCE APP STILL ALLOWS PURCHASES
BREAKING: Class action complaint against @RobinhoodApp filed in the southern district of NY
Breaking: just announced on Twitter!
And the    's red glare, the GME shares bursting in deepspace. Gave proof through the night that our flag was still there: Oh, say, does that GME-spangled banner yet wave?
Robinhood Customers Sue Over Removal of GameStop
Y’all get this message from Robin Hood too?
AOC threatens to open a hearing on Robinhood's criminal market manipulation.
Hearings for the tendies.
SWEDISH & FINNISH trading platform Nordnet is DOWN. This cannot be a coincidence. The system is failing & a hard reset won't fix this.
Drop
GameStop stock just dropped 21%
Can anyone confirm that we can now buy GME on TD?
Thank you!
BB rebound!!!!!!
Lets goooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!
$GME is taking us to new galaxies
!THIS IS NOT FINANCIAL ADIVSE! $NOK is nothing but gains. Give me those fucking tendies. BUY BUY BUY!!!
$GME no longer trade able on cash app
Cash app has de-listed $GME on its platform
And so the lawsuits begin!
Attempting to buy GME with a budget of $300 and Fidelity is requiring a buy limit. I made it $149. Is this advisable?
NOK 🏽
LOOK GUYS NOKIA IS NOT ONE OF THESE HYPE TRAINS STOCK AMC / BB / GME ... 2021 ALONE NOKIA HAS SECURED OVER 5 DEALS WITH TMOBILE AND THE US GOVERNEMNT NOKIA IS ITSELF ALREADY HAS DIRECTIONAL CONTROL ON 5G THEY HAVE A BIG ROLE TO PLAY ON THE 5G RACE WITH CHINA IT ALSO HAS DEVELOPED TECH CHANGING TECH WITH ELISA STOCK  HELD SINCE 1994 FROM ITS PRIME TO AVERAGE BETWEEN $3 TO 6 DOLLAR A SHARE DOING JACK SHIT LOL.. SO COMPANY IS SOLID NO WSB REDDIT NEEDS TO BLOW THIS UP. AND NOW MORE PEOPLE ARE BEING EDUCATED WHAT NOKIA IS ABOUT AND NOT JUST ABOUT SMARTPHONES BUT LITERALLY 5G DEPLOYMENTS THAT TMOBLE/ATT/VERIZON AI VEHICLE NIO/TESLA/LUCID TO FULLY BE AUTOMATED SO ON AND SO ON 5G IS BIGGER THAN JUST SMARTPHONES
Keep it up guys! We're recovering!!
FYI eTrade still allowing margin buying of $GME $NOK $AMC $SNDL ect. Don't close your positions on Robinhood just HOLD and BUY MORE on eTrade!
I like the stocks!  I am NOT a financial advisor and this is NOT financial advice
Trying to group all the links and help to get RH and other manipulators to the hand of justice. Post all the help you can in the comments :
For people in the USA :  \-You should reach out to your members of congress, and specifically to your state attorney general's office. There is precedent for consumer advocacy in this space :   \-Copy-paste of  u/Bit-Training   :    to file a complaint with the SEC.    to file a complaint wit with FINRA.    to file a complaint with Robinhood directly.  Robinhood Financial LLC 85 Willow Road Menlo Park, CA 94025 United States  This morning I, and millions of other retail investors, were blocked from purchasing (entering new buy orders) on the Robinhood platform, without notice. This clear example of market manipulation has forced the stock down from over $500 in after-hours to less than $300 as of this writing. Meanwhile, hedge fund interests are NOT blocked from buying the shares being traded and the lower price obviously benefits them.  We retail investors have followed all the rules and finally stood to gain a LITTLE bit from Wall St and they suddenly change the rules "to protect" us. I am requesting you use your subpoena power and regulatory authority to examine whether Robinhood colluded illegally with any other actors who may have held short positions on these stocks to reduce the number of buyers for $GME and therefore deflate the price. This is market manipulation.   Thx to  u/Red0817 :   "info for form:   Robinhood Financial LLC  85 Willow Road   Menlo Park, CA 94025   United States"  \-Any retarded lawyer that knows how to get organised for a class action?  For People in the UK :-Waiting for your submissions
GME rocket trajectory projection. HOLD BOIS. SOON WE WILL SEE WHAT'S AT THE EDGE OF THE FUCKING UNIVERSE!
Response from TastyWorks on why I cannot purchase $GME
From TastyWorks on why I can't buy $GME  "This decision was made by the clearing firm Apex who acts as the custodian for all Tastyworks accounts. This was not our decision and is completely out of our hands. We have no choice but to comply with their directive."
They forgot 2 things.
Until this morning my impression was that the billionaire class was counting on a flood of new retail investors to prop up their bubble for a few more years. Did they forget that without us the whole system (which is in an unprecenedented bubble state) will pop?     Also, we are witnessing the most overtly illegal stock price manipulation on the part of the billionaire class in history, which would have been fine last month,   they forget? we won the election, laws are back on.
Hedge Fund tactics - a summary of this week’s manipulation. Also posted to Facebook to make sure as many people know about this as possible.
Interesting to see the regulators and trading platforms step into action to silence retail traders and spread disinformation  for doing EXACTLY WHAT hedge funds have been up to for years. Shorting a stock and market manipulation should be illegal across the board.  In case you are wondering how wallstreet has been manipulating the market this week please see the following:  Monday - media frenzy about how GME is a risky, downgraded stock and how retailers don’t know what they are doing.  Mind you a newly appointed CEO who founded Chewy has a very real chance of turning this company around.. hence the initial interest to begin with   Tuesday - early morning coordinated “sell off” among investment bankers to try and scare retailers and trigger their stop losses to bring the price down so that they could close their short positions with profit   Wednesday - fake article from CNBC suggesting that a key short seller hedge fund (Melvin) covered all of his short positions to try and trigger retailers into thinking the short squeeze was over.  Overwhelming evidence showed this was impossible and that he was still carrying those positions.  Today - Robinhood other trading platforms shut off the ability for retailers to buy GME but allowed for the ability to sell this stock.  Thus trying to bring the price down for investment bankers to get out of their short positions owing less money - the very definition of market manipulation..  I can’t wait for the movie to come out and hope this highlights how illegal it is for hedge funds to be allowed to short stocks at irresponsible levels for their own greed. This has been fun to watch and alarming to see how far reaching wall street’s power is capable of.
Be on the right side of history. But and hold AMC and GME
Fuck those hedge fund pigs. Platforms are allowing trades for AMC again. Go get them and hold until the bitter fucking end
AOC has more of our back
This is unacceptable.  We now need to know more about @RobinhoodApp’s decision to block retail investors from purchasing stock while hedge funds are freely able to trade the stock as they see fit.  As a member of the Financial Services Cmte, I’d support a hearing if necessary.  From her Twitter @AOC
If you fat and thinking about lunch, skip it and buy dips... GME AMC EXPR NOK  🌒
ONE OF US
THEY ARE DUMB
As long as you DO NOT SELL, they're painting themselves into a corner because when they'll want to cover their shorts, the selling liquidity WILL NOT BE THERE. Guess what that means? The price will pop by their own doing and they'll get a horrible price. DO NOT SELL, this is the only play. Yes price is tanking a bit, but if no one is selling, it doesn't matter, they'll still get fucked.
ROBINHOOD IS NOW PUBLIC ENEMY #1!
These clowns are outright manipulating the market, losing retail millions of dollars, and saving themselves billions all right in front of our eyes! Citadel owns Robinhood and has been screwing us for years with their price scalping from order flows and now they are doing it for everyone to see!  I heard Robinhood is looking to go public, good luck to them when their share price plummets because they screwed over their entire user base. I sure know I will be transferring every penny I have out of Robinhood after we emerge victorious from this war!  This is not an attempt to get rich! This is a STATEMENT! This is a MOVEMENT! THE AUTISTS ARE STRONGER THAN EVER AND WE WILL WIN THIS WAR!
They are now rejecting limit orders for large amounts.
SoFi now stopping the purchases of GME!
Where to go?
With RH restricting so much,  I'm looking to switch apps. I'm not worried about moving what I've got,  i can worry about that later.  What is the best app to use in the   I'm sure this has been asked,  but there are so many posts popping left and right that i just can't find it.
LET'S GO FOLKS, LET'S FUCKING GO!
I was in tears throughout today. You guys support and nerves of steel for the cause even made a retard like myself stronger. I've just bought stock with every penny I had and that was my surgery savings for my eye.  STAYING A BIT LONGER AS A 4 EYED RETARD WON'T HURT ME MUCH BUT TOGETHER IT WILL HURT THOSE RICH HEDGE FUNDERS LIKE A MF.  Keep holding and when possible keep buying everyone.
LET'S GO FOLKS, LET'S FUCKING GO!
I was in tears throughout today. You guys support and nerves of steel for the cause even made a retard like myself stronger. I've just bought stock with every penny I had and that was my surgery savings for my eye.  STAYING A BIT LONGER AS A 4 EYED RETARD WON'T HURT ME MUCH BUT TOGETHER IT WILL HURT THOSE RICH HEDGE FUNDERS LIKE A MF.  Keep holding and when possible keep buying everyone.
The Big Money politicians are trying to c  down on you guys. Keep up the fight!
HOT TAKE: Dont blame Robinhood
It's not up to them when it came to blocking the stonks it's their parent firm forcing their hand. Even Public(dot)com tweeted that their shareholders are forcing them to stop people from buying shares. We have every right to be furious but were pissed at the wrong people in my opinion.       HOLD THE LINE DONT SELL  CANT STOP WONT STOP GAMESTOP  (I like GameStop)
How to buy more GME?
I want to get in on this dip but my only account is robinhood. Any others that can get me verified quick and allow me access to funds immediately or am I stuck holding what I have?
Robinhood was the Sheriff of Nottingham in disguise this whole time.
Ally Not Allowing GME Purchases Either

Honest opinion
Should I sell my bb and nok? This is heartbreaking to see
Europoor, doing my part NOK

Not to sidetrack you crazy bastards but KNDI is awaiting you.
KNDI is a good buy right now, we are ready for take off! Come along for the ride!            🛸🌔🌔🌔🌔
IM NOT FUCKIN LEAVIN, FUCKING HOLD THEY WILL NOT CONTROL US
GME BACK AT 300!!!!!
This was the last order to get cancelled, but between cash app, td, and robin I had $5k pending that is not sitting and robinhood was nice enough to buy my first $500 order this morning at opening though. I'll enjoy my partial share till we buy more. TO THE MOON       fuck wall street
Pulling as much off RH as possible, looking for platform recommendations
Where in the US is still allowing GME and AMC purchases? I just recently started investing (within the last few months), and I'd rather not work with a platform that doesn't let me buy what I want to.
FUCK ROBINHOOD
Webull is not allowing buying of $GME $AMC now...
Another one bites the dust.
Fuck The "Free Market". Never Forget This Day Moving Forward!
I will not sell whatever negative shit I own... I'm Holding the line and I don't care if I die on the  field... At least I'm dying while holding my sword(metaphorically)....  I'll wait until the margin call comes and gets me...  What's important for me now is   Never Forgetting or Letting what happened today pass easily  .  We were robbed today by an unequal Inequitable market where the Fucking  1% who cheats and never plays by the rules fucked us over to teach us a  lesson   that we will never win against them.    Moving forward   I will not invest a single penny in this garbage market    if things weren't made right on our behalf. I'd rather lose money than  make money in a market which serves the 1% and gives me their leftover  food   if they allow it?    Even if things were made right by us, I will liquidate what's left in my  TD Ameritrade account and move on to a broker who didn't fuck us over  for the rich and powerful today.   Someone needs to make a list of every broker who fucked us over today.    We should never forget what happened today. I will not accept making  money from a market which favors the rich and the rules which they deem  right whenever it serves them. I acknowledge that I'm a drop in a sea,  but I also know that I'm a part of a community which fucked a Hedge over  for billions of dollars in a single day! In remembering that, I know  that I'm not alone and that our collective is way stronger than I could  ever imagine.
Please.. Advice.. I have BB calls expiring tomorrow, not sure what to do.
I've got a giant (to me) stack of BB calls that are set to expire on 1/29. Yesterday they were at live changing money levels.. today they're almost worthless... Hold till closing.. sell now and mitigate loss? Invest in $rope? If I just hold without selling come expiry time do they automatically sell at market value or turn into dust?
JaRule is with us bois!!!!!

Large GameStop shareholder MUST Asset Management sold off its stake
Guys where do I buy stock on in the uk
Let’s get u/Quigonshin a record deal please!
Gorilla Warfare
This is war and they are going to pull out all their punches, we need strategies to gather around to fight back collectively. When fighting large establishments direct conflict playing their game never works. They have lawyers, connections, money and influence. We need Gorilla Warfare. Decentralized small groups that fight misinformation, inform the public and disrupt their ability to fight us. They can only regulate us through their systems of control and cannot stop us from interacting outside of their spheres.   The reason this is becoming impossible to stop is because it's decentralized - it's the internet. There are no leaders just apes using their brains when they see a good idea. As groups grow too large they lose the ability to coordinate.  Keep the main WSB streets forum strong, but use smaller subreddits to organize collective action. A few ideas to get us started.  1. boycott any companies supporting false narratives or restricting the freedom of markets such as robinhood, cnbc. Use social media to express your opinion.  2. Spread memes(Snake,Banana,Ape is a good one!) and understandable information to your personal network explaining why they should be on our side.  3. Let our voice be heard to the leaders of our government - flood them with legitimate complaints about how this is immoral. Let them know that we the people demand a free and fair market for all.   Those are some ideas. I'm sure some Apes way more "retarded and autistic" than me will think of some better ones!
This is the song for today - Wild Ride by Jimkata
TIP: When switching platforms DON'T add funding through bank account - use credit/debit card instead otherwise you will have to wait 1-2 days!
So much can change in just three weeks
Remember this?
No longer supported?
AOC got our back!
There is barely a way we could lose, just buy when it’s down and hold when it’s up. Do not sell. We are doing good by the economy here, standing up to bullies and bringing international attention to corruption. Even if we lose, we win. Class action suits against brokers are in preparation as well.
What other apps or sites that are still allowing trading?
There has to be others what are they?
Why is the earnings per share -4 dollars, how are they losing money?
125 TO 295 - WERE WINNING THE WAR
HOLD HOLD HOLD
This isn't just about Robinhood
Trading212, Interactive Brokers, WeBull, Revolut etc. have all disabled buy orders.  FUCK THEM!
If you're holding on RH remove limit sells!!! Be careful, robinhood has a clause in their TOS saying they will sell "overpriced limit sells" at market rate
Be careful.   You're 5K meme limit might actually be close tomorrow.
E Trade and Schwab allow GME buying
If your broker has silenced your voice today and did not allow free and unfettered access to your trading then move your account over to them.  No cost snd your position comes over as is.
How does someone get involved!?
I have no idea what I'm doing. I live in the UK and would love to get involved. I don't know Jack about stocks, but I understand what's happening and the importance of buying and holding. Talk me though it if you wouldn't mind!
If your app won't allow you to take new positions, stay firm.
I'm currently holding on AMC, unable to take a new position. The stock price is going up. It's saying something about webull not supporting pink sheets and OTC stocks.  This is bear-crap.  Hold.
We are bringing this country together!! Liberals, democrats and republicans getting on our side! Mooch, AOC and Teddy all agree with us.
Where do we go now?
Obviously, we are all done with Robinhood and from twitter looks like webull is going to be the same what platform do we go to next?
Strange occurrences on webull. Market for AMC and Gme keep opening and closing.
Braveheart Could Do it--SO CAN YOU
Today is nuts
I bought even more GME during the dip and I'm not even watching it anymore. The numbers they're offering to buy it at are pathetic, I'll look again when they start giving reasonable prices like $5k+
This was their biggest test yet, but we will not falter.
Today has been emotional and gut-wrenching, and it’s far from over.   Proud of everyone here.   More of their bs will come, stay strong, I love you all.
Fuck you RH. I’m out!
The Truth: There is No Guilt, There is Only Redemption
This is history. You are part of history. Our ability to connect online is finally allowing us to do what these 1% Wall Street pigs have been doing for decades. REMOVE YOUR GUILT, hedge funds have been organizing GME like short squeezes and longs for so long and at OUR expense. MAKE YOUR MONEY, HOLD YOUR POSITIONS, NO GUILT.   The internet is providing a gap for THE PEOPLE to feed BIG MONEY its own medicine. There is no guilt, there is only redemption. Hold your fucking positions. GME, AMC, BB, NAKD. Keep it focused. This week has shown you that this works. The only thing causing dips is a conspired agenda by big money to STOP BUYING. They are literally only allowing us to sell. Did you take Economics 101? A market that can LITERALLY ONLY SELL can only go down. Our class action law suits and our will to hold will eventually open these trades back up. When they  ’re going to the moon 🙏🏻 🌕
retard in training here. (AAPL)
Can someone pleaser explain why tf AAPL is down after record breaking earnings? i know all eyes are on GME/fucking over hedge funds which i am down for 10000000% Citron fucked me over on $60k profit on $CVSI a couple years ago so fuck them but at the same time wtf is going on with AAPL here..
Guys, remember all the media houses and companies who are trying to screw over the retail investor. We will take revenge sooner or later.
There are so many media houses that are lying to our faces and trying to change the story to make us retail investors the villians in all this. FT, CNBC, NYT are some of them that comes to mind.     Few months ago no one would have believed when we said that a small group of retail investors would screw over the big guys at wall street. But here we are in the middle of the fight aginst the "men in suits". This episode shows us that we are powerfull enough to change the company and world for good.   Keep track of all these companies so that we can boycott their products and bring the change we want. The war has just begin. Use this momentum to see the real good change that we want to see in this world.     $GME
Why not buy AMC stock?
It’s worth basically 9$ right now and I’m sure some fuckers have bets against them too
PLTR IS NOT FROZEN OR IMPACTED BY ROBINHOOD'S ILLEGAL TACTICS
Revolut still allows purchasing of GameStop Stock
If anybody has been stung by Robin hood and other brokerage accounts stopping trades, you can open a revolut account within a few hours for free.   Good luck Referral link:  !20210121s
REVOLUT WORKS EU-US
I am scared
As said, I am scared, very scared actually.    But I'm not selling  . And I am counting on you, every single one of you to do the same.  Let's win this, win this together.
Don’t worry guys, Ted’s here for some pie.
WANNA BUY MORE SHARES? USE FIDELITY. INSTANT TRANSFERS AVAILABLE
How can i get on the train with GME?
Which App is there in Europe that lets me set up an account today?
Don't panic. Do not be scared. Here's Why.
There is no reason to panic now. Shorts are still in the game like crazy. The only thing that happened was a big dip and a big recovery. Everything in the stock market is an over-reaction. Don't get scared. No one is against us except for the big corporations. Every politician from AOC to Ted Cruz is with us. Don't get scared. Get Diamond hands and ride this stock to the MOON!!! This stock will get back up to the 400 range within a few days. HOLD THE LINE!!!
I transferred my rainy day fund (30k) to TD and just dumped it all in GME. I dont care what happens to me anymore guys. This isnt about me.
Ill be too ashamed of myself if I cash in my profits now. I wont be able to sleep if I do that.  #0 or everything
What stock should i buy? Brand new to stocks. What website/apps are yall using?
ROBINHOOD IS NOT FOR THE PEOPLE. WE MUST STAY UNITED
Are you sure about that?
A Warning to all the panic sellers.
If you back out of NOK or GME or BB or AMC. When we are allowed to purchase again, you will regret it when we send the stocks to the moon!
Even LinkedIn is joining our side! Hold!!
ACTION AGAINST UK BROKERS
For those in the UK:  Slater & Gordon (  have a group litigation platform on which it would be possible to initiate LEGAL action against brokers like Trading212 who stopped trading.  Also - write to your local MPs!!! Demand action ! We need vocal politicians on this
Are there any brokerages that are allowing the purchase of gme in the USA ?
Why the AAL fade? 30% shares floated let’s go!
Can we target these shorts pls!!! It’s undemocratic to target American brands and these shorts are treasonous. Let’s pump brothers!
Cashapp still allowing AMC to be bought
Just hopped on the train, only have $100 to work with but let's take it TO THE MOON
$600 order cancelled by RH how can I pull it out and buy elsewhere
Title. New to RH so I’m not sure how it works or if I even can
Dan Sundheim is Satanic
His Hedge Fund happened to lose 20% of their $21B fund in the $GME short.  Also happened to invest $200M in Robinhood through his hedge fund D1 Capital partners.   They think we are stupid
YOU CAN STILL BUY AND HOLD ON FIDELITY
FIDELITY has no transaction costs and IM STILL BUYING NAKD
Was content to just sit and watch the gme madness UNTIL RH suspended trading
bought out of spite and rage     we in this!!!
PREPARE TO GO DARK
Reddit will not allow this to continue through the end of the day. This sub will be banned. This has gone global. WHERE TO NEXT?
KEEP IT SIMPLE TODAY BB NOK AMC GME!!$!!$!$$!!!$! THATS IT FELLAS LETS GO GREEN THIS AFTERNOON FUCK EM
KEEP IT SIMPLE TODAY   BB NOK AMC GME!!$!!$!$$!!!$!        THATS IT FELLAS LETS GO GREEN THIS AFTERNOON FUCK EM
retail brokerage firms that still allow traiders to purchase of $GME
I don't see a thread about what retail brokerage companies allow for the purchase of $GME.  If there is one please reference it.    And F Robinhood.  Closing my account next week once I can.
Hold on its refueling
Honestly, I would rather lose money and I say I fought with this movement than stand on the sidelines.
For fuck's sake, Ted Cruze literally just tweeted he agrees with AOC; that is what unity looks like!  For years it has been the left verse the right while the rich watched and profited, but now we actually have unity against the billionaire's shitty manipulation with a real collective chance to create change.   I for one am proud to be down at the moment, and I will wear my losses proudly.   BB @ 25$    ️
Even Ted Cruz thinks this is fucked up
They're going across the aisle now!   Processing img ixc2hpfey3e61...
Nokia still Purchasable through cash app!
Just put in 50$ for hopefully a quick ride to the moon
Brokers MANIPULATING MARKET to save hedge fund billionaires & punish retail traders @ wallstreetbets
My Fellow Autists. REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU GET PAPER HANDS!
Winklevoss twins on Reddit trader rebellion: We're here to support. "I think a lot of this energy from Wallstreetbetsis going to pour directly into decentralized finance".
APEX Clearing, the clearing partner for SoFi is preventing purchases or SME. Only allowing sales.
Just bought GME on TDameritrade.
You know.. Robinhood could learn a thing or two from GME
Power to the player    $GME $BB $AMC $NOK  🍒
Revolut lets you buy GME
Just FYI Revolut lets you buy GME stocks (even partial stock if you don't have a few 100s lying around.
Explanation from Public dot com: Blaming Apex Clearing
This was posted on the Public dot com app by "Willa," described as "Community Lead at Public" -   "Our clearing firm, Apex Clearing, has decided to halt the buying of $KOSS, $GME, and $AMC.  We are in close contact with the firm and will make sure to keep you informed as soon as we get updates.  To be clear, we disagree with this decision and are working hard to resolve this issue for our members.   \ Adding for context\    A clearing firm handles the execution of transactions and acts as the custodian to customers' securities and cash to minimize risk of threat or loss."
Anyone here heard about GME?
I like that stock and want to buy it. Anyone know where I can?
Give me Brokers that dont scam
Robin hood is apparently fucked so what's the best trading app to use? God bless
I want some sweet sweet GME
If You have a VPN, can you change your country and trade normally?
Asking for a friend >.>
Can you imagine if Mr. Beast was in on this?
Pouring millions into GME and AMC etc. He would be like a nuke on the hedges of Nagasaki.
NEW brokerages
We need a place to trade right now! Liquidated webull, robinhood is down, ToS is down. We have to stick it to them today ! Oh and i like the stock
WSB: The only ones that can bring USA unity
Words of encouragement from papa Chamath HOLDDDDDD
BB FROM SWEDEN WE HOLDING !!! DIAMOND HANDS!!!!
How big is the GME bubble right now?
Are we talking a small bubble or a tsunami?
The FACT that DeepFuckingValue might have started a civil uprising is FUCKING CRAZY
Anywhere you look currently there are no political sides. There's only us vs them and they might have the money, but i can't imagine a way how they can get out of this misery without getting hanged
a /u/DeepFuckingValue bet-
GME Working Order set to 1000. Rise up Retail Investors. Hold Strong. We like the stock!
Inverse Cornering the market by Melvin Capital
"In finance, cornering the market consists of obtaining sufficient control of a particular stock, commodity, or other asset in an attempt to manipulate the market price. One definition of cornering a market is "having the greatest market share in a particular industry without having a monopoly".  By Wikipedia.
This ain't even close to over yet
Did some $GME technical analysis for the lads today and all I have to say is that its beautiful.  Monday we gapped up to $158 then gap filled down to $65.  Yesterday we gapped up to $468 and have just closed the gap at $147.  Ignore all the shit.  Hold the line.  We are gonna fucking moon            Processing img rzgr0izox3e61...
$DAL is the move right now, I know that $GME and $AMC are the priorities right now... but free tenders..?
So today as I was browsing for stocks that I could buy high and sell low, I can across $DAL which is trading at $40. This is about 20 dollars away from the 52 week low AND the 52 week high. Above all, Delta Airlines still has amazing financials and has maintained their network unlike $UAL and $AAL - they also have a fleet that is more efficient and comfortable then their competitors. All in all if Biden’s vaccine plan rings true, the stock could go up all the way to $72 if the bull market continues.
YOU CAN STILL BUY! LETS TAKE GME TO THE MOON!!!!
UK brothers and sisters Freetrade are still allowing GME BB AMC trading and instant account topups on iOS          to the moon
Is Kenneth C. Griffin of Citadel The One Preventing The World From Trading?
Is that true? If so, I just want to say "hello" to him.
Robinhood messed up so bad they got Ted Cruz and AOC holding hands. HOLD. THE. LINE. If you’re selling at this point, you were NEVER BUILT FOR THIS in the first place.
BB already stabilized on the 5min screen
Today I discovered courage. WSB taught it to me.
The drop to $150 was the biggest trial of my life. I did not blink. I bought 30 more shares.  It was this community and camaraderie that got me through it. I couldn’t stand the thought of selling and abandoning all of you. You kept me strong.  When this fucker moons to $5000, it will have been the greatest honor of my life to share this experience with all of you.
Memes that made my morning y’all STAY STRONG THE WAR RAGES ON!!!!!!! HOLD THE LINE!!!!!!
The avengers Infinity War: Thanos SNAPS.
You fucking smoothbrain lennies, Thanos just snapped half that stock out of existence and it went from $550, to 120,  to $290. WE GOT THIS, HOLD THE FUCKING LINE.  Position: Nothing GME, too late, AMC and BBC calls expiring sometime next week idk.
Same company?

New Brokerage For The People
I am no financial expert. Nor am I a programmer. I work in medicine.     That said, I would really like to use my GME profits (FUCK YOU MELVIN) to help start a new brokerage firm that will truly be FOR THE PEOPLE.     Any financial experts and programmers out there that would like to have a real conversation about starting an LLC to change the culture of this market?      I personally would be more than willing to pay $1 per trade if it kept the brokerage free of corruption. That is the problem with robinhood and free trades. They have to make their money somewhere. And unfortunately they make their money from these big hedge funds.     Lets change that.
Think about it...
They are preventing us from buying... because they KNOW its going to 1k tmrw. Every share they allow us to buy, they lose $700. RH knows whats gonna happen, just like these hedge funds. Try as you may, diamond hands til   Look at the VW graph from 08. Its.. about... to.... go....... DOWWWNNNNNNN  position 20 shares at $32
The irony in the Robinhood Ad
If you head to Robinhoods Twitter account (  You will find their pinned tweet is one of their advertisements and the transcript goes   "Remember when greed was good? When you had to look the part. When you had to pay for a seat at the table. We set out t change it. The way the system works,   TO PUT THE POWER IN EVERYONE'S HANDS  . To make it feel, speak, sound, and look just like you. We all invest every day. In ourselves, your communities your future.   We are all investors.  "   So my question becomes, Robinhood, when did you stop giving the power to everyone? Oh, you said when they overthrew multibillion-dollar companies and they lost hella money using the same strategies they had for years. That's kinda ironic you say put the power in people's hands but when they use that power you stop them. You go on to say We are all investors but when the stocks f over the non-brokers it's fine but when the people f over the brokers it causes you to stop the people. So wheres the legitimacy in that Robinghood?
FUCK MELVIN, FUCK RH, BOUGHT THE DIP WITH ALL MY SAVINGS & HOLDING $GME
We are bringing the world together and healing the nation. HOLD BROTHERS
I would rather lives on the streets than let Robinhood and these hedgfunds get away with this.
We will take amc and gme to the moon even if we have to build the rocket our damn selves.   Also when this is all said and down I’m moving all my trading off Robinhood and boycotting these scumbags forever.   Hold with me brother, for this is where we show our value, this is where legends are made.
How and where do I buy GME? (USA)
New to the sub, want to do my part. How do I purchase any shares of GME? I think robin hood blocked trading?
Public is with us!
All trade platforms ban buying shorted stocks.
Update: For now TD and Cash App are exceptions. No GME though.  Unfair. We get one week digging up garden treasure, while hedges have had decades of heavy duty oil drilling. Its clear all apps have taken the side of hedgers despite the awesome work by those here.  Besides holding our bags, how do we move forward from here? How can we as a collective continue to exploit the few cracks in this system they rigged against us?
Melvin appreciation thread for the sick sale
biggest sale of the week for sure!!! thanks melvin!
How long can RH stop buys for BB/NOK and GME?
I think this is the time to buy BB from WeBULL and Fidelity but how long can RH stop the buys for these stocks?   As soon as the stocks buys are resumed the flood gates would be open. Thoughts?
After this is all over can we ban RH permanently from being used here
Count me in! I bought GME in at $  and $  Almost $5000 for the principal of the thing! Imagine if politicians did something about privatizing the gains and publicizing the risks! GME    🌛 I'm HOLDING
HOLD THE LINES
Shitstorm them!!
Start a Twitter shitstorm right now, tag Elon Musk as we could use his help! @robinhoodapp
Why should I set my sell limit as for GME ?
Who will play u/DeepFuckingValue tho?
TWEET DADDY
Robinhood Users
Robinhood is a pretty garbage platform honestly.  Etrade & TD Ameritrade also offer commission free trading on much better & more secure platforms.  There is virtually no reason to be using Robinhood after this, show them you mean business. Hopefully helpful for people who were under the impression that Robinhood was the only game in town.
Do not sell on Friday, do not sell at $1000, clear your stop losses
Trust in the irrationality of how these short sellers operated to short GME the way they have. Trust that they will be fucked come Monday and Tuesday. Hold your positions and do not frenzy sell on the climb up. Stay cool. The potential upside on this is far, far, far beyond $1000 now and they know it. Well done for trying to manipulate markets. We have exposed you...    I’m an autist, this is just an opinion from a retard. Trade at your own risks. Start investing in cholesterol drug companies because we’re about to drown in tendies.
STOP CONSUMING! The global superpowers are trying to scare you, everywhere you look you will see fear mongering tactics.
The current strategy is a HOLD, so do that. If you're already all in (like me) you can't buy anymore dips, you're only giving yourself anxiety. Put the phone down, grab a drink and some trendies, watch some anime and wait for your glorious moment in the green. They are trying to scare people into selling when there are fewer and fewer markets to sell it in, driving the price down like crazy.   I will look back upon this day as the day I stood firm, and didn't falter in the face of extreme adversary!  Can you say the same?
Anyone have advice on what to do with my GNUS stock? Been losing me money all day is there hope for recovery or should I sell.
Cash App for trading?
Anyone have experience with using Cash App to trade? How was your experience? They have AMC up right now for purchase.  EDIT: If you want to sign up you can use my code and get $10 which is about 1 AMC share rn  VQTZZRB
This is amazing to watch lol
Go retards go!
Reminder that we’ll only lose this battle if we decide to sell early! That’s what RH and them scamming bastards want. Let’s win this fight
HOLD THE LINE YOU WORTHLESS MAGGOTS!!!!! GME!!!!
End goal? Unity?
It was on this day, humanity received a grim reminder
I tried to buy the dip and got locked out. I'm sorry my brothers.
Sold GME hoping to buy the dip and now I can't get back in. My greedy paper hands and I are sorry for our ignorance
Is ETrade blocking purchasing GME???
Help I am trying to buy GME on ETrade but it keeps giving me   is this ETrade blocking purchasing of GME and only allowing closing or am I doing something wrong
Only flaming pussies get scared and sell. Hold and buy hold and buy.
You all are my heros. What is next?
Yolo...
NEWBIE: WHATS THE DEAL WITH AMC
NEVER BOUGHT A SINGLE STOCK IN MY LIFE BUT ALL OF THIS WITH GAMESTOP HAS ME GLUED TO MY PHONE..  I CANT AFFORD THE GAMESTOP STOCK BUT AMC IS 10$ RIGHT NOW...  WILL IT BE FUN LIKE GAMESTOP?
Bought 5 shares of GME, doing my part  👏
Hold The Line! We will win! TO THE MOON MY FRIENDS!
There is not selling, there is only buying, make them pay!
I BOUGHT IN THE DIP AND IM BUYING NOW. NEVER SELLING.
Bought at 360, bought at 240 and will buy now at 275. Shorts have not been closed. Don’t let the market manipulators scare you into selling. HOLD THE LINE.
Did anyone sell the dip?
I know you guys aren't always the smartest, so I was wondering if the levels of autism in here got to the point where any of the paper-handed pussies in here decided it was too much to bear?
Fuck them up. I joined you guys with all my gain
To support y'all.  I bought nakd and gme with all my gains from last year.   20k isnt much but i hope it helps. It was never my money. So idgaf.  Let s go
IT ONLY GOES UP, BUY AMC THROUFH CASH APP
I AM HOLDING GME
GME IS ON THE UP  I AM HOLDING  WE LIKE THE STOCK
It just dropped from 315 to 260 in about 8 seconds. This is insane.
Everyone needs to collectively move away from Robbinhood and Trading212 when this is all over
Hit them where it hurts, they've lost us money so make them go out of business by not using their service.
AOC demands probe after Robinhood app banned GameStop purchases triggering 90-minute sell-off frenzy
Not sus at all disabling the ability to buy and then having a short ladder. Making us unable to buy the dip. No way those are related. Nope nope nope 🤡🤡🤡
This Youtube Video Explains The Squeeze Well - HOLD!!!
AMC Update
Anyone stilling buying or holding? I’m still holding.
DO NOT FOLLOW THE EXAMPLE OF THE COWARDS SELLING TODAY
We know who the real ones are after this week ends.  🙏
WSB is saving companies and jobs. Robinhood is actively manipulating the market to destroy them.
FYI - You can buy and sell stock through CashApp
I was able to purchase shares in both AMC and Nokia 5 minutes ago. Unfortunately GME and BB aren't listed and I'm still exploring alternatives.   I totally forgot CashApp had stock trading and I think the rest of the finance world did too.
Tomorrow is going to be nuclear
We need all effort to expire as many calls in the money as possible and then have them double down to provide enough fuel for our journey to the moon
ITS NOT ABOUT THE MONEY ANYMORE
IM DOWN 50% ON BB AND BBBY BUT I DONT FUCKING CARE   ITS NOT ABOUT THE MONEY  ITS THE PRINCIPLE  THE POWERS THAT BE WANT YOU TO SELL. DONT GIVE THEM WHAT THEY WANT  DONT LET THE BILLIONAIRE RULING CLASS WIN  HOLD HOLD HOLD BUY BUY BUY   FIDELITY WILL LET YOU BUY GME, AMC, etc FIDELITY WILL LET YOU BUY FIDELITY WILL LET YOU BUY
Class-action
This country allowed itself to be run by suits that have time and time again proved they are in it for nobody but themselves.
It makes me sad.
BUY THE DIP BOYS - ROBINHOOD AND CITADEL CANT HOLD US BACK FOREVER. Diamond Fucking Hands - Buy If You Can
As soon as Robinhood releases trade restrictions (which it will eventually have to) the price is going to fucking skyrocket. Right now there is a huge opportunity to buy, so if you have a trading account that can buy GME, fucking do it.   Diamond Fucking Hands.
Hey you ! Together we stand, divided we fall
How to buy GME (UK)
Help the rocket is taking off without me, 212 blocked buy orders for GME
WE ARE BACK UP BOYS 300AND CLIMBING LETS TAKE THIS STOCK TO THE MOON       🌕BUY NOW CAUSE WE ONLY GOIN UP FROM HERE
NEW STRAIN OF GAMESTOP VIRUS FOUND
I bought the dip $GME
Where can I buy GME?
I’m not sure which brokers are still open
WE ARE COMING BACK BABY YEAAHAHAHAHAHA FUCK YOU KEN GRIFFIN!!!!!!!
FUCK KEN GRIFFIN! FUCK ROBINHOOD! FUCK ALL THE SELLERS WHO LEFT US! AND FUCK EVERYONE WHK ISN'T A PART OF THIS SUBREDDIT! WE WILL REMAIN VICTORIOUS!
Please don’t be like me
I panicked and sold my AMC at $  a share. I’m down 60% please don’t be like me 😔  RIP one month’s rent.
You literally can't even search for GME or BB on robinhood to look at the price. Can't even add them to a watch list.
This shit is criminal and disgusting.
Freetrade are NOT restricting any stocks. They also have a free stock referral program.
German trade republic doesn't allow to trade GME, Nok, BB and AMC anymore
I don't want to hold I want to BUY
What service will let me get buying ASAP. I wasn't able to buy until today and didn't expect this illegal bullshit from Robinhood, well not so blatently at least.  SO HOW DO I BUY. I WANNA HOLD UNTIL EARTH IS A DISTANT BLIP
Bought more on E TRADE!
Probably from overload, but now you can't even report to the SEC.
Fuck Robinhood.
I could have made a killing on the fucking dip.
We are witnessing the demise of Robin Hood.
Bad move on their parts, they forget who made them popular in the first place.
Trumpers and libs uniting over GME
Wanna-be trader interested in getting started
Hi, I've been mildly interested in getting into the stock market to try to earn a bit of cash while I'm sitting at home all day. Now that I actually have money (and it seems like people are putting a lot of eyes into this subreddit) I thought I'd sneak in between the chaos of Gamestop and ask a few questions:  Where can I find the rules/laws about filing for taxes? Is there a way I can set it up like a paycheck and pay ahead of time when I get the money? I heard I need to pay tax on stock I don't even have cashed out yet, where do I find more info on that as well?  Which app do you guys recommend? I was going to go with Robinhood because of brand recognition but after they shut down Gamestop buying I think I'd rather try another application instead. Preferably something I can use both on phone and PC. (PC is much preferred if I had to choose one.)  Thank you for your time. :)
WHERE CAN WE BUY
We need a live updated hyperthread of where we can still buy GME, Robinhood, Tasty, and WeBull have all stopped allowing buys, WE CANNOT LET THIS STOP US
DONT CARE CANT SCARE THESE HANDS
Who knew that Ted Cruz and AOC would ever agree on anything? I guess this country is coming together.
AOC is on our side
Fidelity Crashed, Can't Join
Any of you guys able to make a brokerage?
Fuck Citadel, fuck Robinhood. This is goddamn criminal market manipulation, imho. It takes 2 minutes to tell your elected officals to investigate by texting "Resist" to 50409. Flood their fucking inboxes, please.
If you have any cash on these shit sites withdraw it all.
Fuck em all only ones that we should use after this is the ones that didn't limit buying!    🤚
Stockpile GME purchase has been pending over an hour. Normal?
Soooooo Apparently you can buy stock with cash app. Might as well give it a shot
No trading tap on Revolut
Am in US, no trading tab bottom right, I have a premium account not sure why this is
How to buy NOK
Yo, I'm new to the stock market, but wanna get in it long term. I'm setting up RobinHood, but I heard they weren't letting people buy stuff like GME, AMC, and NOK. Is there another way to buy that a newcomer would be able to do?
How to Transfer Stocks From 1 Brokerage Account to Another
Lawsuit template to file suit against Robinhood
Can we get someone to create a template to file suit in their local area against Robinhood for loss of unrealized gains?
Apple stocks app glitching for anyone else??
I keep trying to click on GME and NOK but it won’t let me. I can freely go on TSLA and NYSE though...

We Like The Stock
Can anyone explain this? Did I just steal $650 from Robinhood? Can’t wait to put it all back in baby
Trade Zero
Just spreading the word here, TradeZero WON'T restrict trades, including GME.  Specifically TradeZero America
Webul app
Webul also is blocking trading of gme, if you use them make sure to drop a review and close out your positions ( after next week that is).  Where do I begin with a class action?
AMC on Cashapp
AMC orders are still being processed on Cash App you fucking degenerates!  Let’s get these tendies. AMC to the fucking moon!
Make sure to send in your option exercise instruction before 5 pm EST on Friday
Normally contracts that are in the money automatically exercise if not sold by expiration. Combinations like call spreads that are in the money do too. Clearing firms might pull dirty tricks to cancel auto-exercise on GME options. When that happens, your broker has 1 hour immediately after market close to send in your exercise instruction to the clearing firm. You can instruct your broker to do this any time on Friday, but the deadline is 5pm. You can instruct your options to exercise even if they're out the money. Your instructions always override the automatic one.  I have Call options and shares in GME. I like the stock.   This is not a financial advice.   This is a work of fiction. Any similarity to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events, is purely coincidental.
BB is making a recovery
Hold and we’ll make it to the moon.
Sold   GME and something weird happened.      $2600 GME
Webull no longer allowing new positions in GME, AMC, and more. This is insane.
LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
Who’s NEXT!!!
So since they wanna play like this and be cheating bastards about it who’s next boys what’s the next stock we attach to and fuel up to the sky ?
Jesus, AMC is under 10 right. Cmon people buy the dip and HOLD THE WALL!!!
The suits can’t scare me. I repeat, THE SUITS CANT SCARE ME.
Only could afford 2 shares, holding at $425. If I lose all my money trying to hold the line and take a stance against the uber wealthy, then so be it. 🖕🏼 the 👔s. That is all.
so robinhood sucks, anyone still letting us trade?
any etrade? etc? anyone still allowing us to buy?
Is there any way I can buy $GME, any other stock app won’t let me buy!
We need to keep this alive!!!
Aren't you GLAD you DIDN't SELL??? #STONKIT
To the moon, alice!!!!
Can we compile a list of every Broker, wich still allows to trade $GME
We wANt UnIty
New to Investing? Pro tip
Only invest what you're willing to lose!
SEC Investor complaint page is down- they must be getting flooded- keep trying!!!! This needs to be addressed!
If Robinhood is stoping you from buying please remember to rate their app and thank them for all the help
An old timer perspective .... AMC and NOK
So I got into trading back in early 2008 before the recession and yall gotta know... you haven't lost a fucking thing u til you sell. The biggest mistake I ever made was selling my portfolio off for pennies on the dollar because the "experts" said there was no other way. I missed out in literal millions had I just left it and waited. I owned over 100 shares of Amazon that I had at $17 a share, had everyone and their dog tell me to take my profits as the market began to crash... I obviously kick myself every day for that.  With AMC and NOK, neither of these companies are in any real danger, the hedges want control and we are robbing them of it. They have restricted buying, but this goal is unattainable and something they legally cannot keep up. They are trying to scare you, but don't let it. Once they open back up we buy more... much more and watch it grow. Losses today aren't losses forever. Eyes up to the skies everyone.
DONT WORRY COMRADE
Within a week Melvin Has to pay its price for gamling reaching gains of 1 K Minimum JUST KEEP THE LINE AND HOLD PATIENTLY (its my message to all ya) I am too hold 135 shares rn BUT I WONT GIVE IT UP love you bros      HOLD THE GRUDGE
Fidelity working for anyone making accounts?
Keeps crashing when I try to make an account
HOLD HOLD HOLD
AMC IS RISING      BUY AND HOLD TO THE FUCKING MOON
Where can we freely trade now?
Fuck robinhood. Fuck TD. I was about to switch over to WebBull but heard they halted as well, so fuck Webull.  Where can we freely trade with no crashes, outages, or halting the ability to buy a stock that is fucking over their wall street buddies?
DONT FALL FOR IT! DONT SELL- If no one can buy, then who will buy your shares??
DONT SELL now, thats exactly what they want you to do. If no one can buy GME then who will buy your shares?? They want to drive the price down by swarming the market with sales offers that no one will buy.   DONT SELL, BUY the dip IF you CAN!!   THEYRE SHITTING THEIR PANTS. KEEP HOLDING AND THEY WILL KEEP LOSING BILLIONS!  This is of course not financial advice! I just like this stock!
If you Lawsuit, Lawsuit against Citadel LLC too
Brokers like WeBull and Robinhood are dependent on Services of huge companies like Citadel LLC, they suspended buying $GME on WeBull - WeBull can't do anything about this, they are dependent on the service, Citadell LLC provides them. So Citadell did restrict the buying of GME - They have a financial incentive, as they supported Melvin Capital in the case of GameStop.   Citadel Enterprise Americas LLC 131 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, IL 60603, USA
I’m still holding strong no matter what 💪
Embraced my inner retard
Charlie Schwann doesn’t give a f    and will let ya buy whatever you want.  Jumped in and bought GME, AMC, BB, and NOK.  Buy where you can and hold the line!
“New Stain of [GME] Virus Found in Europe” As per
Tastyworks halted acquiring buy orders of GME, AMC, KOSS.
$AAL Had Better Than Expected Q4 Numbers and They Are Poised to Gain Market Share Once We are Back to  's Kick It Into High Gear
Removed my GME limit-sell position at $1000 and raised it to $5000, if we're going to fight let's really bring the fight, ride or die!
Obligatory - not financial advice, my position - 10 shares @ $300
You guys have done the impossible. Getting Ted Cruz in AOC to agree.
THAT G  D DIP BEFORE TAKE OFF!!   AMC AMC AMC.
Pos: GME, AMC and BB!!! This is not financial advice I’m retarded!!!
How short sellers are killing companies - and the market   Super relevant article from 2016
Rush Limbaugh on WMAL is agreeing and defending WSB.
He stands with WSB and disapproves of a the crooked market.
OMG I did it! got me 9 shares
After fucking around with Robinhood and Webull I realized that I had my roth ira at vanguard.  Was able to open an brokerage account and got 9 shares of $GME cause I just love that stock.  I feel so empowered!
Canadian Securities Commissions links for those north of the 49th, and are being bent over by IBKR etc. File a complaint.
BC Securities Commission:           Alberta Securities Commission           Financial and Consumer Affairs Authority of Saskatchewan           Manitoba Securities Commission           Ontario Securities Commission           Autorité des marchés financiers (Québec)           Nova Scotia Securities Commission           Financial and Consumer Services Commission (NB)           PEI Office of the Superintendent of Securities           Office of the Superintendent of Securities,  Service Newfoundland & Labrador           NORTHWEST TERRITORIES  Office of the Superintendent of Securities  Department of Justice           Nunavut Securities Office           Office of the Yukon Superintendent of Securities
Wall Street Bets Must Start Their Own Brokerage
The cards are always going to be held against us if we don't represent ourselves,    does layout how you can do it.  You'll need    Licenses to sell investment products     membership     membership   An approved    But a basic outline that you have to follow is that you'll need a    FINRA registration   State registration(s)   Consultants   Employees   Deposits to clearing firms  and to become an FINRA member you must sign    Form BD   Forms U-4 and U-5 (used by broker-dealers to register with or withdraw their registration from the SEC, SROs, and jurisdictions)   A comprehensive     Copies of agreements with banks, clearing agents, and service bureaus   Sources of capital   A description of the supervisory system   Written supervisory procedures   Completion of an   program   A description of the firm’s continuing education program
How we can TRULY destroy Wall Street
We've done Gamestop, we are holding and in only a day we reap profits that haven't been seen since the gold rush.  Next, we do the same to SILVER and GOLD!  Thats how we actually bring them the fuck down.
Can someone talk me through this like I'm 5?
So I'm in the UK, I've downloaded the etoro app, invested £100 in BB and £50 NOK (at least i think i have, I clicked on "Trade" and then "open trade") and have more I can invest. How and when does this turn a profit? When should I sell? What's "the dip"?  Thanks
"You Invest" by Chase/JP Morgan is not restricting GME.
Not financial advice — just passing on public information.
Are you fucking kidding me? They closed my position at the very bottom. I DID NOT HAVE ANY STOP LOSS ORDERS. THIS HAS TO BE ILLEGAL.
AAL
AAL TO THE MOON!
AOC looking out for us idiots
APPS ALLOWING GME AND AMC???
If there are any apps that are NOT currently blocking GME and AMC, let me know ASAP!
My AMC contracts expire next Friday
Should I be worried??? Everyone saying hold but shit I feel like everyone has shares
Join me in saying goodbye to Robinhood
I’m sure all of us are leaving Robinhood and I’m sure they are watching this but just so they know how screwed they are, just reply ‘Bye’ to this post. Let’s make them watch as their shitty company burns to the ground.
Predictions for short squeeze!
What are your predictions for the max we are gonna push it to?
$SNDL isn't getting shut down..
$SNDL is thin and has a lot of shorts - let's blow the scum bags in the suits up!!!  Has good valuations and isn't at insane prices right now.
WeBull no longer allowing GME buys
Apex clearing restricting trading
Advice
Hello to all my fellow traders who are doing well in the market. Due to multiple reasons I am considering leaving Robinhood and using another app. I have considered Public because I’ve heard many good things about them. Are they a viable option or is there something better?  Also to all of my GME and AMC holders, may the trading gods bless you
What can we do? Some options and discussion.
First of all, HOLD YOUR GME.  What other actions can we take? Here is a list I'll update with info about what we can do to fight back against this BS by Robinhood and Co. What are the tools we have for retard warfare?  1. There's discussion of a class action lawsuit:   2. File complaints with the SEC, FSRA, and Robinhood:   3. Leave reviews on the Apple AppStore and Google Playstore for the Robinhood app. 4. Take to Twitter using the hashtags #DONOTSELL and related to put out the DO NOT SELL message. 5. Contact representatives in congress and show support for investigations into market manipulation by Robinhood and the corresponding mutual funds.   6. Purchase more shares in other accounts, while blocked by Robinhood.  What else can we do?   Oh yeah almost forgot: HOLD YOUR GME!
Keep going! The 99% against the 1%
Do what the analysts say and HOLD!!
We can be part of something guys.
This has become about so much more than gains. We truly have the opportunity to be in history books. If we hold strong things will change. A reddit stock/meme page could start a revolution if we just HOLD. THE. LINE.
HOLDDDDD!!!!
I am Indian, student in Ireland buying US stock and I am all in just hv money for rent. Not gonna give up until we squeeze the soul out of them.
GME AMC
where are yall buying at?
We're healing the political divide
Welcome to the revolution boys.
I don't know how they thought this wouldn't back fire, likely because the safety of having friends in wall street. But GME has now become the light that has shown the world the pure corruption of wall street. 4 million of us is no small thing and regular folks across the world are showing the same outrage at just how hypocritical this is. Stay strong, this is far from being over.   ✊ Unite we stand.
Leave Robinhood over this decision?
What platform would be comparable for my small potatoes self?
MAKE AMC THE NEXT
AMC IS AT A DIP! LETS MARCH AND HOLDDDD
Upvote this so it's the first thing people see when they google Nokia. And buy, buy, buy!
BUY AMC AND GME
Let get our money back fuck the rich!
FIRST LAWSUIT AGAINST ROBINHOOD!
Distinguished Day Traders,  Here is the link to the first lawsuit filed by someone against Robinhood. The fight continues!
[SERIOUS] Is there any publically traded broker that we could buy?
Mods please don't delete. I want to have a serious discussion with my fellow degenerates.   Is there any publically traded broker that we could buy?
Looking to jump on the investment bandwagon
Hello, new guy here. Looking to get into investing at about the exact same time WSB went viral. Can anyone help me make a game plan for a portfolio that is parallel to what this subreddit is trying to accomplish? If not can you explain this whole GME BB debacle to a beginner fellow autist?
I had paper hands because I saw myself lose $1700 in a couple of minutes, is it possible that investing will be re-enabled by later today?
Title.     It's crazy unfair what they're doing.  EDIT: I sold at about 260 early in the   it's going up again
My life is on the line
I know the title is something aggressive but it is and from the start I put myself in this situation none of you had any mention in it. What we are witnessing is a battle between ideals, the working class vs the Elite, the poor vs the rich, the 99% vs the 1%. Most of us have live through tough periods, like 2008. I was still young and didn’t realize why most of my family had to move back to their home countries because of the financial situation while the rich got bailed out leaving the rest of the USA scramble for the breadcrumbs. What is happening with GAMESTOP, is not just a jab against the people who broke our economy during the house crisis but a knockout blow. Maybe after this event passes there will be regulations which is good but for now we need to make a statement emphatic we are simpletons, most might be unsophisticated and only jumped on the trend but a mejor it y of us do research we know the risks of entering the stock market and these apps who are restricting us from making trades know that. What I’m saying is this is no longer just making profits this beyond that. This is. This is. This is the free market and if we take down a hedge fund while doing it, well they should’ve known the risks. I’m no financial advisor, trade at your own risk.  Also obligatory
Getting started???
I’m still a beginner in stocks and trading. Ive used Acorns for 2 years to get a grasp on things, while reading up as well in my free time. I don’t want to sit by anymore and I want in now. If anyone could help with advice that would be so appreciated! Maybe use this as a thread for other people wanting to get in and learn!
BUYING THE DIP
THEY WILL NOT DIVIDE US
what is a short ladder attack?
So I am a retarded smooth brain just like all of you and I'm trying to get some wrinkles. Could anyone explain what a short ladder attack means or could they link me to a resource where I could read about it? Thanks!  edit: GME
PSA for some of you that might be doing this for the first time
Before making a rash decision, check back on the forum. Check the top posts, and check the original poster's Reddit history to see if his advice is well informed or not.  Don't panic sell. Take a step back, read opinions and make an informed decision. Panic selling in this situation is one of the worst things you can do. The hedge funds are counting on that as their only chance
I have a good feeling retards, my retard instincts never   GME
I will leave my wife if I am wrong, but those retard instincts are always right, like it was right about that bitch samantha when I caught her giving a bj to my overweight manager, guess what samantha I will buy his store with my gains and I will film him giving me a bj.
Never posted here anything, but you guys are Heros HOLD THE LINE LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT, BUY THE DIP AND HOLD TO JUPITER AND FURTHER
Google store has done their part
BUY AMC NOW
This was yesterday. Dude has no shame or values.
These hedge funds should be investigated for their positions prior to and after the "liquidation only" decision.
We need to know what hedge funds opened and closed short positions after the mass liquidation only decision by multiple brokers. Of those hedge funds, who are buying order flows from these brokers. We all know some hedge funds were losing big before this decision. Did they coordinate with these brokers while opening new short/puts to create a panic in the market and profit or reduce their previous losses?
Revenge against Robinhood and TD Ameritrade/Charles Schwab
We all know what the fuck is going on with    limp-dicked    Robinhood and TD Ameritrade when they claim they're banning option and stock buying on GME and AMC because of "market volatility" and "to protect the retail investors". This is pile of steaming dog-shit, we all know these brokers are profiting by sucking off Melvin Capital, Citadel, and others that are short on these stocks. They think that just because we're ordinary people that we will be docile and not do shit? Well this is how I think we get some revenge and payback:   ALL OF US NEED TO SWITCH BROKERS AND LEAVE THESE COWARDS  .  We have given them too many chances to fix their shit, especially when this is probably the 7th or 8th time people have had issues with both of these platforms. Yes Robinhood is commission free trading for options and stocks, but you literally get what you pay for, which is jack shit. Even though you have to pay .65 cents per option at TD, we are paying to get fucked in the ass. I simply have had enough of this shit. There are many consistent brokers out there but the one I have experience with that I recommend is Fidelity. The reasoning is simple, with Fidelity I have had fills on my options and stocks that were better than the mid prices (RH and TD never gave me better prices) so they actually care about giving their clients competitive fills, they provide first-class research for free when you open an account, they give FREE LEVEL 2 QUOTES and time and sales, and they actually have a goddamn support number to call if you have any issues. Now you do have to pay .65 cents/contract at Fidelity for options (stocks are free) but c'mon for all of the features above Fidelity is clearly more competitive than TD and RH combined, not to mention I am able to buy GME options and shares in my IRA while I can't do that in my accounts with RH and TD. And before you call me a Fidelity shill, I only have a 2 year old IRA account with Fidelity versus about 100k combined in RH and TD, but after all this shit these brokers have given me, I've had enough, I'm going to transfer all my options and stocks to Fidelity.    NOTE:   I recommended Fidelity, but please post other brokers y'all have used that actually give a shit about their clients and have let you trade GME today.    TLDR:     FUCK TD AMERITADE AND ROBINHOOD  . We can have our revenge by taking our order flow to a broker that actually cares for us like Fidelity or others that people might mention below. ALSO   DO NOT SELL GME!!!!!!!      EDIT: FUCK INTERACTIVE BROKERS TOO!
Nok?????
Is nok a good buy today?
Which broker to switch to?
I'm ditching Robinhood as soon as possible, which American brokerage should I start trading with instead? I'm still relatively new to all this, so I need something simple and easy.  Thanks in advance for any suggestions!
What do we do when Wall Street attacks? STAND UP FIGHT BACK! - Hold GME!
In my observation, we all came into the same cause at different points. Some of us saw what happened with GME, and hoped we could make something similar happen on all these ancillary stocks at a cheaper price point, like AMC, BB, and the likes.   They hit hard today. It's time we regroup, remember why we are here, and refocus. And the sentiment I'm sensing is that GME is the focus point.    This is an observation.
Not just Robinhood, Firstrade also. This is a coordinated effort by a lot of brokers to help the hedge funds cover their shorts.
Congress will likely be holding a hearing to begin investigations into RobinHood blocking autists
With bi-partisan support, this is one hell of a battle. HOLD THE FUCKING LINE
Biden administration looking into $GME, potentially more restrictions to come
Starting a movement: #FuckRobinhood
Robinhood has always been a thorn in the side of retail traders whenever big market movements happen, and it’s time that the WSB community support brokerages that protect their customers and not the hedge funds. The app has crashed on numerous occasions during periods of high volatility, was completely down on key trading days during the March 2020 selloff when people needed them most, and most recently completely banning the purchase of our beloved stocks. As a community growing at an exponential rate, we have the numbers to influence where retail is trading. WSB should not stand for this anymore, it’s time we move all our money and stocks off of Robinhood in favor of better alternatives. Let’s get #FuckRobinhood trending so we can spread awareness on Twitter about what’s been happening.
GME is back baby! We stand on the precipice of greatness. Please fasten your seatbelts and keep your hands inside the ride at all times
Buy buy buy. Actively increase your sell price the higher the stock gets.
Cash app is still letting you buy amc and Nokia
Just throwing that out there. All aboard the massive stock swelling train. Though we could just keep tunneling through companies stock. Haha  Update: I bought $100 of amc and it went through. Just try again if it gives you a error.
NOK invest big
WSB is saving companies and jobs. Robinhood is actively manipulating the market to destroy them.
I'm a bit new to this, I have 6 dollars invested into Fortuna Silver Mines. That's all I've got. Should I move it somewhere else or keep it where it's at while stocks are low
What is the quickest way to get more cash into GME?
I’m using RH but seems there’s no quick way for me to sign up and get funds into GME elsewhere
Traderepublic (German counterpart of RH) just stopped ability to by Nokia, BB, GME and AMC
Well, I won't sell my precious childhood memories. If the Hedgefonds want my precious, they have to fight for it!  HOLD THE LINES!
What's the new trading platform? We need to band together for collective negotiating power!
The strength of what has been happening is because of our collective power.  We need a platform that will understand that collective strength and not pull stupid shit like this.   I'm ready to jump, where are we going?     This bullshit below needs to be held accountable    \ Robinhood’s mission is to democratize finance for all. We believe that everyone should have access to the financial markets, so we’ve built Robinhood from the ground up to make investing friendly, approachable, and understandable for newcomers and experts alike.
Helping my brother create a Degiro account because he wants to join the movement and oops now it can take up to 10 days to get verified.
(We're from Europe, joining the fight now that Americans are not being allowed to buy)  As stated in the title. I've been a Degiro member for around 5 months now. I'm trying to set up an account for my brother as we wants to help with the cause. Degiro seems to be slowing down the process of creating new accounts under the pretension of a 'significant surge in new registrations'. This could be true, but seeing how RH and others are going above and beyond to manipulate this situation, I wouldn't be surprised if Degiro found itself forced to follow suit. No new members no new purchases.
Just bought GME on TD Ameritrade
Crystal Ball
I'm calling it now.   They will revert the buying restriction with all the heat they're getting from it and holy fucking shit will GME, NOK, AMC, BB and all your loved stocks will go flying.  The diamond hands holding the line will be rewarded greatly.  GODSPEED RETARDS. GME TO FUCKING PLUTO.  \ This is not financial advice  \ Me and my crystal ball likes this stock
NAKD
What’s happening with NAKD? It’s going down.. Is this another work of the Hedge Funds?? Don’t let them win!!
REMEMBER! The reason they stopped new buy positions!
There have been hundreds if not thousends of people thst have made over 100k 200k or 300k+ in the last week on GME! So they stopped us opening new buys as we now have ALOT more buying power!  I personally made 23k this week and I started with 3k! I was heavily leveraged and it paid off but mine was just 3k start, I've seen people with 50k to 100k that now have 300% more! They stopped the buys as they are scared because we are winning!
CHANGING LIVES
This sub has changed people's lives. I'm new here so I'm just getting settled in but damn, people are going out of debt because of you guys and for some reason the gov would have a problem with this? Fuck that, fuck them.   My life hasn't changed one bit as I didn't invest into GME but I must say, well done and thank you to you lot. You've helped many people!
Robinhood did this before
You know I realized that robinhood did this to me two weeks back. I bought santander bank stocks that were rising alot. than when I went to put more they said the stock was not buyable anymore. when I was losing money i got out and made what I had. I should of caugth those signs when I did. I want to see what going to happen with these companies barring people.
Flushing Robinhood out of the stores?
Not the first time that would have happened, maybe for a stupid error, that an app on the Google play store or App Store gets flushed out for an excess of downvotes. The procedure is automatic usually, and it takes quite a few days for a ticket to be processed. Just saying.
Someone here should create a brokerage app like robinhood but isn’t controlled by the big gays of Wall Street
I do not have the technical skills or expertise to get this done, I would bet someone out of 4 million people can accomplish this though. Enough is enough.
[Show us the way] How can non-experienced stock brokers from Europe help?
For my fellow Redditors, I would love to be part of this and buy Gamestop stock and do not necessarily care whether I will see the money back. What are the steps that Europeans can take to be able to buy GME stock?
What are your thoughts on buying an ETF which contains GME?
That is - if you're a Robinhood pleb like me and can't buy GME directly. It looks like their are a few options that partially consist of GME and seem to be correlating:     Looking at RETL in specific? What are your thoughts?
For any from australia watching this, you can buy gme via nabtrade
Obscene fees but at least they let you do it
PSA: Fidelity will allow you to set up an account, fund with instant deposits, and purchase shares TODAY. They are currently not blocking purchase orders for stocks like other brokers. Be patient, the website is overloaded but this is the best way to buy ASAP. This is not an endorsement of Fidelity.
WallStreetBets founder on CNN
PLTR is back baby on Robincuck
How do I get in on this chaos?
Between BB and GME which one do I buy stock in? I got Paypal and I bank with Wells Fargo. Can I buy from there? If not, which apps still allow the buying of these stocks? I'd hate to miss out.
What is we made a thread about   not GME.
You can’t give advice on something that doesn’t exist.   Hold all the hypothetical stocks you may or may not have !!!!!!
PSA: Merrill Edge Let Me Buy GME Today
Not financial advice or sponsored  Wanted to give everyone a heads up that as of this morning I added 11 more shares of GME via Merrill. Saw a lot of people asking where they can buy.   Down but I AIN’T LEAVING  HOLDING TO THE MOON
It all makes sense
PROTEST
LETS GO FOOKING RAID THE NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE AND BUY GAMESTOP OURSELVES
Etoro has stopped letting you buy GME
UK brothers and sisters Freetrade are still allowing GME BB AMC trading and instant account topups on iOS          to the moon
SOFI let’s you buy
How to Win
Shorts are quadrupling down while retail can’t buy. This is the last tool they can use and it’s highly illegal. Hedgies are risking jail time to stop this.   I’m holding and will continue to because there aren’t enough shares in circulation for them to cover their short. This is the big dip. I’m not a pussy so I won’t be selling.  GME and Bbby are their big shorts. If people want to hurt these hedgies, forget the pump and dump crap like bb. Hedgies are specifically manipulating GME and BBBY because they have to unwind these positions at the same time.   Pressuring both is synergistic. not financial nor investment advice duh, I’m an idiot.
Robinhood Order Routing
New Buyers and Global Reinforcements Have Arrived!
DO NOT WITHDRAW ALL YOUR FUNDS FROM ROBINGOOD
Withdraw all your funds except for $   Fuck them make them keep your penny on the books.
I. AM. NOT. LEAVING.  🤲 🤲 🤲
Every heavily shorted company on the market is down today. Coincidence?
TR, GME, Workhorse, etc all down today. Seems a little odd to me,  but then again I’m not a financial analyst I’m just some idiot who owns shares of “meme” stonks.
Any way to acces those apps in Germany?
So I want to convince my dad to invest. Any way you can access apps like Robinhood etc. In Germany? Also - is it still worth it buingy gme now?
Call Citadel and tell them to fuck off Robinhood (312)395-2100
It's in the bag bois!!!
Yeah, of course, Robinhood takes no commissions. So how do they make their money? Simple. They accept payment from the a-hole shorters in order to have extra priviledges. And now, they want to make people sell to "punish" us for rising up against them!! But WE ARE STRONGER THAN THEM!! WE WILL NOT BACK DOWN. GME IS LOWW!! BUY NOW!!! This is the best time to buy, to get in before the disaster that is going to befall the SCUM SHORTERS!!! WE WILL PREVAIL!!! AND THIS IS JUST A TACTIC TO SCARE USSS!! DON'T BE INTIMIDATED COMRADES!! HOLD TILL $1000!!!
STASH AND APEX BLOCKING BUYING $GME. LAWSUIT 2 BOOGALOO
Could there be a big GME sell off at $  because we are retarded?
NOK NOK! WHO'S THERE? THE MOOOOOOOOOON!
I'VE BOUGHT THE NOK! LET'S GO TO SPACE!!!
They say they made it so we cannot buy to protect us and themselves? TOGETHER WE SHALL RISE AGAINST ALL ODDS
So they made it so we could not buy. This is market manipulation at its worst. If they are truly interested in protecting anyone it would be people from entering a short position and getting burned over and over again. They completely over looked how blatantly dumb that sounds. This bailout will not be allowed. Im going broke if need be. Just remember Diamond hands boys. DO NOT SELL WE WILL SEE A HUGE SQUEEZE TOMORROW        this is there last dirty trick before lift off.
where can i create an account to buy???
i like the fucking stock
All the populism is bullshit
I think you morons are hiding a classic pump and dump behind a populism flag.   Total slight of hands   for who who made money, at least have the guts to call this what it is a very basic pump and dump.
What’s next?
They’re blocking us. What’s the next move?
Is AMC going to the moon?
There isn’t much movement. When can we expect movement? Should I just cut my losses?
How can stock go up when no one can buy?
Its fluctuating a lot for a stock that no one can buy is it not? Just curious. I was gonna ask twitter but they suspended me for being mean to robinhood.
At what point does this result in someone going to prison?
Will any individuals be held responsible for this? Is it so illegal someone at Robinhood will serve prison time? Is that even possible?
WSB Song Clip I Created for the YOLO!
RH Class action filed
Following ROBINHOOD, european based trading platform TRADE REPUBLIC also freezes GME, AMC, and more. (Text is more or less verbatim from ROBINHOOD)
BUY AND HOLD $AMC IT IS RISING
TO THE MOON
Can we initiate transfers to other brokers/apps from Robinhood, Ameritrade, or anything else blocking right now? If so, are there any repercussions to doing so?
Title.  Anyone have any insight?  If transferring, would we get bogged down by time, fees, etc?
A short is a not a bet against a company, a short is a bet against the retail investor. They keep betting right under our noses, and they will lose.
First time ever emailing a congressman, here is what I said about Citadel:
Please start emailing or calling your congressmen (  Here is what I wrote, and please make edits to make it better or more correct.   On the morning of 1/28/2021, Robinhood Markets, Inc, a popular online brokerage favored by retail investors, removed the ability to purchase certain securities such as GameStop ($GME) and AMC ($AMC). This is defined as prohibited conduct as defined by Finra (1. #13), and can be considered under the umbrella term of "market manipulation". Robinhood removed the ability to purchase these stocks because one of their partners, Citadel Securities (2), a powerful hedge fund and market maker, was losing billions of dollars from those stocks, and preventing the ability for retail investors to purchase more shares would help them save money. Billionaires and Hedge Funds like Citadel have been profiting off of hard working Americans for years, and them colluding to shut down trading of GameStop just because they are the ones losing money is absolutely disgraceful.  Robinhood has claimed that "they want to protect investors from losing money in times of volitility", but that reasoning is a lie. They did that because Citadel told them too. Congresswoman Tlaib has shown her concern (3), and I hope you join her in requesting a hearing from Robinhood and Citadel.   1.   2.   3.
AOC is with us! Hope RobinHood and TD get royally fucked with a class action lawsuit!
300 AND GROWING HOLD IT BOISSS I AM LEAVING IT TILL 1K APES TOGETHER STRONG
AOC gots us
Most likely stocks for short squeezing
Nakd has the highest short interest out of GME and NOK. Are they the next short squeeze
Class Action filed!
My Robinhood, Ally Invest, and CashApp accounts are all blocked from buying. I can’t even log into Ally. Are there any companies out there letting trades go through right now?
GME on fidelity
You can buy gme on fidelity
Etrade keeps rejecting my limit calls at 42069. Hold your limit calls too!!!!
Protest at RH Offices - 85 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA
Let's show them what's  'm headed there now. F them.      Sidenote for idiots:  It's a PEACEFUL protest.
bought at the top just to show my support 😘 love from europe you beautiful retards, let's fucking show them we DONT GIVE UP
We need an organized way to transfer money out of robinhood so the market price isn't disrupted which is what Robinhood and Citadel want.
Look folks. I worked in the investment industry at the start of my career.  Whatever you think about hedge funds and money managers, they're worse than that.  I've listened to money managers laugh -  laugh  - about how private prisons are a growth industry and smile because they know and have worked to influence legislation to increase incarcerations in their prisons. This is my personal firsthand experience. Sick fucks. Sick fucks. Sick fucks.  This morning I tried to transfer all my money out of Robinhood, but they wouldn't let me take anything out. None of it.  We need to organize around three goals:  1. Understanding the best platform to conduct trades.  Certainly it isn't Robinhood because their biggest customer, Citadel, (who had by far their most profitable year ever last year thanks to you autists using market orders). But who then? Is there a startup that isn't taking money from hedge funds?  2. Moving money away from that platform in an organized fashion so the market is not disrupted by all you autists selling your robinhood positions to move to another marketplace.  3. Improving the level of open hedge fund analysis out there.  I know there are a lot of small sites doing this already, but we need to work on helping them to consolidate their efforts and analysis so there is more transparency among hedge funds.  I use TD Ameritrade and Robinhood now.  I'm going to transfer out of Robinhood soon.  I had thought about moving the money to TD Ameritrade, but we should put our heads together on this.    Also of note, I saw the CEO of Fidelity International said that the thing that should change in the marketplace is that there should be less transparency required for hedge funds.  She blamed this current situation on transparency rules enacted after the last bubble popped.  So, I'm also going to be transferring my 401k money out of Fidelity in the next few weeks.  When we decide on a brokerage that hasn't been corrupted then we should probably do something like create a simple website that gives each autist a randomly assigned day/time to make their sales (if that's needed), move their money, and switch to the new brokerage.
Biggest diamond hands of my life right there.   🏻
When GME is out Stalingrad! Don't let the hedge fund take it!
Literally wtf cashapp
So I don’t have a bank account and use cashapp for my direct deposit with my employers. However, GME can only be bought it seems by apps that require a bank account. I tried SoFi with just my debit card from Cashapp and it didn’t work to add funds. I’ve literally been trying to join the movement since yesterday. Please help me JOIN THE MOVEMENT. I’m trying to buy while it’s in the dip still. LETS GO!    🙏🏼
As a member of the financial service committee, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez supports a hearing on Robinhoods decision to stop trades!!! This is big!
She’s a working class politician! Love her!!!
Robinhood - what's next?
Curious what the sub thinks is next for the Robinhood. I know they had an IPO coming, and this is certainly a wrench in those works. They must have expected SOME exodus from their platform after fucking with their user's money today, but do they expect to survive that exodus? Bank on convenience and simplicity to keep enough users?
Hi, it is true you guys want to raid Nokia too?Just asking, in case I'm gonna join. Ty anyway
I'm just gonna leave this here, I thought it was interesting
I Believe in You 🥲 - GME, BB, NOK
I’m down 35% as of this morning but still holding. DO NOT FUCKING SELL.  One things this WSB forum has taught me is the power of the masses. If you sell you’re letting your brothers down. This is far greater than WSB now. A lot of news outlets around the world have started talking about this and people who are fucking tired of being pushed around by the big guy (ie. institutions) are starting to buy in solidarity. Let’s bring this shit back and show these financial institutions what a bunch of retards like us can do.   LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO
I'M CALLING A TRUCE BETWEEN #BERNIE BROS AND #MAGA BROS UNTIL /r/ROBINHOOD AND /r/WEBULL PAY FOR THEIR CRIMES!
With Don Jr + Portnoy and AOC + Squad in agreement, we must set aside our differences and unite all the forces of populism, like super-intelligent ants forming all of their bodies into one gigantic fist to smash the assholes trying to keep us poor/not-rich.   I hereby declare a truce offer as a 2x Bernie Bro   volunteer from Liberal-ass Brooklyn by way of snowflake Jersey City.   I extend my hand to all the people who have ever triggered me by using no-no words and flippantly discussing issues of race.   Let's fight together. Let's annihilate all forces working against us, and then, like every game of RISK ever played, when the two of us are each in control of half the board, we can resume fighting each other to the death!   GOD BLESS THE MAGA BROS AND CHAKRA ALIGN THE BERNIE BROS  IN THEIR ALLIANCE!
Hell Has Frozen Over-- The Time is Here

Rush Limbaugh Is with You. The Left and the Right: Populists on Both Sides. The Youth. United. Listen to Rush. (30+ MM daily listeners, btw.)
[Request] List of Brokers that blocked stock purchasing
What brokers have been confirmed to block the purchase of stocks such as GME, BB, and AMC?  I am looking to make the switch to another broker and would like an organized list of brokers not to consider.  If a list already exists please comment a link.  Edit: Upvote for visibility if you are interested in a list as well.
What all are we buying to put in squeeze besides GME?
Looking to see what all we are going for, already did GME, AMC, and Nok. But I want to ruin these people for what they did to my family in 2008!
How can you pull out!? JUST HOLD IT IN
HOW CAN YOU SCROLL THROUGH THE TOP POSTS, SEE HOW MANY PEOPLE ARE ROOTING FOR US... AND STILL PULL OUT!?!?!?!?!? IT JUST FEELS SO GOOOOD!!!!!
GUYS SERIOUSLY FOCUS UP
The volume on $GME is WAY TOO LOW RIGHT NOW. Most are locked out. Only the institutions are able to trade right now and they are driving the price down to get everyone to sell. This is actually unironically about to fucking shoot to Saturn if we get through this.  I just spent my last $120,000 buying every single share I possibly could at $130. This is their literal last ditch effort to create selling pressure. IF THEY DO NOT COVER SOON THEY ARE BIGLY FUCKED. Buy more if you like the idea and you're able to. DO NOT BE A PAPER HANDED BITCH. Were literally about to milk Melvins titty for everything it has. See you all in outer space.
DON'T JUST SIT THERE, BUY OTHER THINGS IN THE MEANTIME!!!
Since I'm locked out of GME and AMC, going to put my money into INPX, not just going to sit by and let them take out money!  GIVE ME SOME NAMES PEOPLE!!
Brokers
What brokers allow you to purchase gamestop at the moment ?
We got good people on our side! HOLD THE LINE, THEY ARE SCARED FELLOW AUTIST. HOLD!
I have a question or two.. (This is theoretical, hold tight)
Someone tell me what would happen if we ALL decided to sell GME/AMC/NOK at the same time?   That being said, what if we stuff all our profits into another under performing stonk?   (Is this considered "pump-and-dump")
AOC Supports a House Hearing into Robinhood Blocking Stock Purchases
FAQ for Filing Complaints Against Robinhood or other brokerages
We are currently in the middle of a potentially paradigm shifting event in investing. Given the actions taken over the past few days by Brokerages that should be serving us as customers I think it is prudent to start collecting evidence, filing complaints, and getting the word out there. Most people investing should know about these, however given that it's hard for unsophisticated apes like us to understand these complicated topics I thought an FAQ might be useful.    What should I report?    Please only submit complaints for actually   \ provable\    concerns. It is not going to help anyone to submit complaints that Melvin, Citron, Citadel, CNBC, or any other talking head conspired to drive down the price outside of the market itself. Frankly at this point it is unprovable unless one of you bastards is sitting in on those closed door meetings... in which case that would be a comp can of worms. All this will do is dilute our legitimate arguments with speculation and conspiracy nonsense.    What things should I be saving?    In general save everything related to an actual complaint. Most likely there is no downside here and every bit of evidence no matter how small can potentially be useful.    Chat Logs   E-Mail Correspondence   Screenshots of restrictions/errors   Record of official complaints    Who to file complaints with?    File complaints with every agency that is applicable to you.    SEC -     List of State Regulators -     FINRA -     Better Business Bureau -      What other actions can I take?      Find a different brokerage. If you were planning on staying in for the long haul it's probably not a good idea to close out your positions from an affected broker as you may have trouble getting back in. Just don't give these companies new business. Speak with your wallet.   Leave reviews on the App stores, review sites, etc.. but don't go doing something stupid like review bombing them. Present an actual case as to why you take issue and inform other potential customers on their stances. I know as a brand new retail investor this whole situation just left a serious stain on them for me.   Get the word out there, as this event has proven social media is our friend. It enables us to connect with others that has never been possible before. Again,   DON'T DO ANYTHING STUPID  , emotions are running hot right now and people have a lot to lose on both sides but being combative just hurts the argument and paints us in a bad light. Honestly there is a huge majority out there that has no sympathy for Wall St insiders but if the media is good at anything it is spinning the narrative.  Good luck everyone, I hope the tendieman will visit us all soon!    Full disclosure:   I own a very very small stake in GME, AMC, and BB 8, 2, and 1.
MERRIL PLAYIN' GAMES NOW TOO
Sold MSFT (52 wk high) and bought more AMC!!
Take that.. WS!
Expecting a John Oliver moment about what's been happening
Long time lurker, first time really posting anything here.      First off, I just want to say that for once in my life, i feel like im part of something bigger than myself. (cheesy i know, but its true). We all know what's been happening for the last week or so now and it has NEVER been more clear to me about what's going on in the market and how desperate these guys are at trying to stop their losses.     I've always considered WSB to be just a good place for laughs and kicks because lets be honest here. You guys make the best damn meme's among all the other subreddits. We're starting to see a huge rise in publicity and i'm glad to see that we have people supporting us from names like the Musk, Mark Cuban, AOC, Elizabeth Warren.      I'm hoping John Oliver is going to be doing a segment about what's been going on, because most of us here, now, know that this is bigger than just money. The principle and the scheme that these guys have been doing needs to be called out.      I'm glad to be a part of this and one day i can look back and say... yea i was a part of that even if it was a minor role.      Also, i like the stock. I remember buying Mario64 day before Christmas at a Gamestop. That made me happy.
So, we going to webull, td, what's the best platform for our smooth brains? Fuck Citadel, fuck robinhood
List of Working Brokers?
Self Explanatory, if one has worked for you please list!  Trying to open something to replace RH but not having any luck.  Apes Together: Strong!
GERMAN TRADING APP TRADE REPUBLIC ALSO SUSPENDS TRADING OF GME, AMC, etc....
This is unbelievable. They just sent a mail stating they believe in the capacity of self-regulation of the markets. Because of the extrem volatility of usually non-liquide stock such as GME, they are PROHIBITING users from buying. Welcome to the oligarchy.
Webull fucked us too, funny leave is out of the lawsuit for manipulation!!
Bought more on Fidelity - go and buy too
Remember Robinhood sells your data to Citadel and co.
BUY AMC THROUGH CASHAPP!
YOU CAN STILL PURCHASE AMC STOCK THROUGH CASHAPP!!! TO THE MOOONNN
Ilhan Omar has joined the fray!
FUCK ROBIN HOOD MOVE ALL YOUR SHARES TO ANOTHER APP
THEY ARE CORRUPT BILLIONAIRE SHILLS THEY CAN NEVER BE TRUSTED. THIS IS WAR.
HOLD
California Bro's. Unite against Robinhood
Remember to point out that CITADEL owns Robinhood and that this is blatant market manipulation.  Contact your California State Senator and Representative -    Contact your Federal Senator -    Contact your Federal Representative -  .  File a Complaint with the CA Department of Financial Protection & Innovation -    File a complaint with the SEC -    File a complaint with FINRA -    Robinhood Financial LLC 85 Willow Road Menlo Park, CA 94025 United States  This morning I, and millions of other retail investors, were blocked from purchasing (entering new buy orders) on the Robinhood platform, without notice. In fact, the only thing that millions of retail investors were allowed to do is SELL positions, artificially deflating the price to benefit short-sellers.  Additionally, Citadel pays Robinhood for order flow (how Robinhood makes most of their money) and since Citadel has a stake in Short hedge funds directly related to stocks of interest, this is Indicative Robinhood is manipulating the market to help Citadel and hedge fund shorts  This clear example of market manipulation has forced the stock down from over $500 in after-hours to less than $300 as of this writing. Meanwhile, hedge fund interests are NOT blocked from buying the shares being traded and the lower price obviously benefits them.  We, the retail investors, have followed all the rules and finally stood to gain a LITTLE bit from Wall St and they suddenly change the rules "to protect" us. I am requesting you use your power and authority to examine whether Robinhood colluded illegally with any other actors who may have held short positions on these stocks to reduce the number of buyers for various stocks and therefore deflate the price. This is market manipulation.
Alternative for RH in Germany
Im looking for a way to get in on GME but in not sure which app is the best.
After such an aggressive political year, we have finally achieved political unity against one enemy.
I AM BEYOND FUCKING PISSED I WILL DO FUCKING ANYTHING RISK ANYTHING TO TAKE THESE MOTHER FUCKERS DOWN. THIS IS OUR TIME
WEBULL EXITED MY FUCKING POSITION FUCKING FOR ME. AND I PLACED THE LARGEST ORDER I EVER COULD HAVE RIGHT AT 120 AND THEY FUCKING DENIED IT AND SAID THEY DONT SUPPORT PENNY STOCK TRADING WHICH IS A FUCKING LIE. CITADEL AND ALL OF THESE GIANT CORPORATIONS OWN FUCKING EVERYTHING AND ITS TIME THEY COME BACK TO EARTH AND FEEL OUR FUCKING PAIN. THE CORRUPTION AND DECEPTION IS OUT OF CONTROL AND WE HAVE TO DO ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING TO FIGHT BACK, IF WE LOSE NOW WE LOSE FOR THE NEXT 10 YEARS HELL OUR LIFETIMES. SOMEBODY PUT TOGETHER A GOFUND ME FOR LAWYERS AFTER I GET BACK INTO GME AND MAKE INSANE TENDIES I WILL PUT ANYTHING IT TAKES TO FIGHT THIS. WE ARE BEING TREATED LIKE PAWNS AND PETS TO THE RICH WHO TAKE OUR MONEY, LOSE IT AND THEN BLAME US FOR IT. WE HAVE HAD ENOUGH. PUT EVERYTHING YOU FUCKING HAVE INTO THIS CAUSE ITS NOT ABOUT THE MONEY ANYMORE, THIS IS ABOUT BRINGING DOWN THE CORRUPT AND RETURNING THE POWER BACK TO THE PEOPLE. TELL WHERE TO GO WHERE I CAN PUT EVERY PENNY OF MY NETWORTH INTO GME. THIS IS FUCKING WAR AND I AM IN THIS UNTIL I AM EITHER RETIRING ON A YACHT OR LIVING OFF FOOD STAMPS, EVEN IF I GO BROKE AT LEAST I WILL BE ABLE TO SAY I HAD THE COURAGE TO STAND UP AGAINST BIG BROTHER, AGAINST THOSE WHO STEAL FROM US AND RUIN OUR LIVES, AT LEAST I HAD THE BALLS TO DO WHATS RIGHT.
[PSA] Contact Your Representatives
Write, call, tweet your representatives in government. Help them understand whats happening and demand justice. If you're in the US demand the brokerages stop manipulating the market. If outside if the US, demand pressure on the US to properly regulate the market.   For US citizens, you can find your representative at   and your senator at    Make your voice heard. They can't ignore all of us. The street has opened pandoras box. We've never been an organization, just a bunch of idiots on a street corner yelling about stocks. But, Wall Street just ran over all of us with a bus, and must be brought to justice. Class action suits will certainly be filed, but the first step is raising awareness and getting the US congress to actually do their job legislating and pressuring the SEC to action.
Organizing to fight the corruption and market manipulation
I am trying to help organize and gather the people angered by today’s blatantly illegal market manipulation by Robinhood and other brokers.  I own the domains   and am trying to gather and organize info about the corruption of today’s events and set up a place for us to congregate for the upcoming class action lawsuits against Robinhood and other market manipulators.  If anyone has high level info about a lawsuit already in talks please contact me, otherwise I’m taking all the proof you guys have including losses incurred after the 10 am announcement from Robinhood.
Lose RH. Use these instead.
They really just went full robbing hood am I right???  Anywho, fuck them. Use any of the following as they're not blocking trades on our tasty tendie makers:  Fidelity, Charles Schwab, Vanguard.   Not financial advise, I just fucking hate rh
Complete boegginer, wanna buy a GME stock for the memes and because fuck Wall Street. What is the best way to go about it?
No prior stock experience, think the whole stock system is a scam, but want to buy one for the fun. Its money i can afford to lose, so dont worry, just here for the ride.
Cashapp
PUMP AMC ON CASHAPP
TD Ameritrade wont even let you monitor any stock right now, just says “Streaming quotes are currently unavailable”
Heads up - Schwab disabled money transfers between accounts, others may too
They probably know people are bailing on Robinhood.  But it’s further than that and not just trading accounts that they’re disallowing transfer of at the moment.  I bought another 20 shares of GME in my Schwab account once the market opened, and transferred a few thousand from my non-Schwab external savings account to cover it.  Both went through fine.    A little bit later when we dipped harder down to $150 I added more GME, and the purchase went through but took my cash balance negative.  No big deal - I’ve done this in the past when PLTR IPO’d and they said you have a few days to clear the balance it’s fine.    However, now the external transfer is completely disabled listed as “temporarily unavailable, please call 1-800-435-4000” and when I called they just said feature unavailable and hung up on me.  Line is now just busy signal when I call.    This leaves me at an overall balance well in excess of the negative, but it’s all tied up in shares of various stocks.  I’m concerned this may be another phase of their tactics - “well your account stayed negative in cash for too long so we reversed the trade and sold the shares you just bought in order to cover it.  So sorry.”    This could cost me many thousands in gains lost if they liquidate my GME shares without my approval.  Hell I’d rather they dump some of my TSLA to cover, but I can’t get a hold of them or figure out anything on the transfers.  I have the cash on hand waiting to be transferred and simply can’t do it.
"They tried to bury us. They didn't know we were seeds"
Another reason not to sell
It could be used against you in court if you accept your losses.  Stay strong.  Ride it out.
Retaliation Against Wall Street
What if we all sold all of our positions in Wall Street (except heavily shorted ones like gme, amc) to deliberately crash the market all at once. They clearly do not care about us at all, so how about we move our assets to a different stock market altogether. Maybe Japan or somewhere else? If we all sold out positions outside of Gamestop and AMC, maybe we would be able to hurt some more Wall Street execs.
TastyWorks is now only allowing to close GME, AMC, KOSS. This is coordinated.
Apex Clearing, who acts as the custodian of all tastyworks accounts, has informed us that the following symbols (AMC, GME, & KOSS) will be set to closing only order status immediately.   You will only be able to submit orders to close out any open positions that you have in these symbols.       New opening orders will not be accepted at this time. We will update our clients should the clearing firm lift the Closing Only status in the near future.      Best,    The tastyworks Team
Public too
This is Very SERIOUS - We need to take action on EVERY front - Brokerages - Media - Political
Nearly every single outlet is out there screwing over the little guy.   They are in the pockets of hedge funds and are a means of manipulating the weak players  We saw this yesterday on CNBC when they literally rolled out a PR smear   nearly identical to what you see in political  .  This is because this kind of money are the ones that control everything.  Now is the time to fight back.  We have enough people here with enough lost funds to take these guys down once and for all.  DO NOT BACK DOWN  Fight them where it hurts - their wallet and their power.  If you see the following PR points - CALL THEM OUT - Then NEVER VISIT THEIR SITE/WATCH THEIR SHOW AGAIN - Tell others to do the same.  \- "Protecting the little guy" - yeah right! The little guy lost as soon as this   started   \- "Fundamentals" - Sure thing bro! We don't understand such big words   \- "Gaming the system" - yea sure - retail are the culprits!    Any number of negative sentiments from media coverage shouldn't be ignored.  We need to let them know that we are done being shit on.  Fight back against these juggernauts by not positively interacting with them.    Don't subscribe - don't watch anything but free clips online if you MUST    Don't support RH - let the company burn.    Continue to make this a SERIOUS issue politically, and NEVER VOTE for anyone who does not support us in this issue.   Continue to tell everyone you can about this issue and continue to garner the support we need to take these guys down.
The glorious thing is how their tactics AREN'T WORKING.
Nobody can buy and GME is still sitting at $250+ and THEY CAN NOT LIKE THAT PRICE. Keep holding, you absolute LEGENDS. Set those 10k limits. Fuck their asses up.
SoFi Has Amc Back up
Chase coming in clutch
robinhood is a lil bitch, i thought my journey was over with you guys. Until i realized i made an investing account with CHASE just a few weeks ago. I funded the account for the first time and i just bought 1 share of GME at the dip. so far so good. wish i can buy more. DONT GIVE UP, LETS GOO
Where to buy? Just opened a Wealthsimple account but it's going to take up to 3 business days to wire funds into it?
In Canada, want to buy up some AMC but I don't know where to do so. Driving me crazy watching the price climb while trying to buy it, any and all help appreciated
Merrill won't let me buy, just another data point
ridiculous.
Now that Robinhood has shown it's true colors. What app based brokerage for the Average Joe still allows the buying of $GME, $AMC, $BB, ect
Seeing that Robinhood has blocked buying of shorted sold stocks, thus FORCING prices to go down, to save their bourgeoisie allies shorts, which online brokerage still allows us to buy these stocks? If you got an invite link and info on one it would be greatly appreciated by many. Hold my friends and break the system of the big guy fucking the little guy. May the invisible hand of the market fist these manipulators today!
ETrade has halted Selling!!!!
Rip for all of us traders on etrade 😪 were with you in spirit!!!
Jon Fortt on CNBC - Robinhood
Jon Fortt, a host on CNBC suggested the Winklevoss twins were trying to whip up some sort of “populist” uprising by suggesting the government could order a brokerage to limit a stock. The discussion was about Robinhood limiting stock trades.
For the love of   there ANYWHERE I can buy? FFFF RH! Woke up this AM and they said I CANCELLED MY ORDER???
There has to be ONE lone soldier out there who is still allowing ppl to buy   price is going up somehow.
Hold the Line
For everyone that has been screwed by the system, by the elite, by the 1%, by a lack of  ’m holding the line. GME, AMC, NOK, AAL.... I’ll hold it all and screw Robin Hood and their shady schemes. Who is RH to say what I can and cannot buy? The Wall Street Hedge Funds need to be knocked down a peg or 20, they need to realize that they do not hold all the   people hold the power. You and me and our neighbors and our co-workers and every other “nobody” that the elite have shut out and screwed over for as long as anyone can remember. So HOLD THE LINE. Don’t let a dip scare you off, it may take a little time for people to regroup and complete trades in exchanges that are not rigged (like RH...). I’m holding the line. Who’s going to hold with me?
AOC backs WSB against Robinhood
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez  >This is unacceptable.  We now need to know more about  ’s decision to block retail investors from purchasing stock while hedge funds are freely able to trade the stock as they see fit.  As a member of the Financial Services Cmte, I’d support a hearing if necessary.  I understand she's a divisive figure and this is not the sub-reddit to hash that out, but the important thing is the news that we might even see some legislation that prevents this kind of thing in the future. They are there to broker trades for us, it should not be up to private companies who very likely could have a conflict of interest what stocks we are allowed to invest in. In my opinion its a form of market manipulation.
Remember guys that was NOT the only dip.
There will be more throughout the day. It’s going to dip and surge up. For me personally, watching them get this desperate only gives me more confidence.    this is all speculation. This is not investment advice.
I KNOW YOU TIRED OF BEING LONELY! SO BABYGIRL PUT IT ON ME!
Can we do Occupy Wall Street 2, but less cringe this time?
We have the manpower.   We have the motivation.   And unlike last time, we have an actual target.   I've never organized anything before, but I would be willing to attend a rally and march. What these firms and brokers have done today is a perversion of the free market ideals the American dream is built upon. They manipulate us constantly and as soon as we get our chance to hit back, they call time out.   We're not going to listen. It's time for us to organize peacefully and hold those accountable to task.   I don't care whose the figurehead. It could be the fuckin' Barstool guy, whatever. I want   answers.
Anyone Else Looking At Dark Pool Data $GME
Maybe I'm reading the dark pool data wrong but it looks like there was some heavy movement during one of the halts earlier (around 11:08). These halts and huge drops before the upswings seem to have the stench of big money manipulation in trying to scare small investors off with initial drop and then trying to capitalize on FOMO when it goes back on the up (people who initially sold off, getting back in but at a higher price point then they sold at).   With limitations on what brokerage apps trades can happen, seems like it's much easier to manipulate/scare off individuals. Maybe I'm being stupid or looking at the data wrong... just wanted to get people's thoughts.   For the record I'm still holding and will continue to do so - not that I'm suggesting anyone else does.
To all Diamond hands looking to turn paper. Just hold, we have been through this. This war will last many more days
Do not sell, do not set stop loss, do not set sell limit unless it’s $5000.  These tactics are bullshit and we will not lose to these hedge funds. They’ve tried media manipulation, buying articles, spewing propaganda, manipulating after hours and intentionally halting stocks to scare off retail.   And today they pulled the Hail Mary infinity gauntlet of all bullshit. They stopped us from buying.   But this is not over, we will hold, and these shares will not trade hands.   I’m personally down 30k since yesterday, but I will burn it all just to see this to the end.   I love you bros
The only way I've been able to purchase GME this morning is through my Chase account. Maybe try that if you can.
PSA: tastyworks is not blocked
i'm able to trade freely on tastyworks. please join me here. we're so close.   \[mod: pin this as you see fit. i think it's that important\]
Hold! Hoooold! Hoooooooolllllld!
IF YOU ARE NEW TO THIS, STOP PANIC AND DO NOT SELL. HOLD.
I feel dumb
So for the longest time I thought this sub was called wallstreetbeats not bets as in betting.
USAS silver lets get it boys
GET YOU SOME BBW WE ALL LOVE BBW (build a bear workshop) TO THE MOON
Is it possible they're using this time to close their shorts?
During this sell off with all these trading app's only allowing sells and not buys, is it possible they're using the time with this sell off to close their shorts? And that instead of a squeeze later on, they're doing it throughout the day today? Considering the short positions won't get posted until Monday (2/1) and they have a lot of shorts to cover, it'd make sense that they would stretch it out between today and tomorrow to not create a huge spike like you'd expect from a typical squeeze.     Edit: Wording
BEWARE: Webull is also blocking trades!
Don't put your money into Webull if you intend to support the GME rally. They are also blocking those trades.
Not gonna lie, I got a bit scared. But I'm BACK IN BOYS!!
so, how do i get in on this?
I'm not looking to get rich.   I see what you guys are doing.   I have a little bit of money i can afford to lose, and i want to use it as sign of support.  I'm just not big brained enough to keep up with you psychopaths.   Where to I start?
Chamath is King
Late to the party
Any suggestions for day trade apps that don't block companies. Im in the
Quit trying to make NOK and AMC a thing, this is the GME subreddit.
The world is watching GME. NOK and AMC petered out, stop beating a couple of dead horses.
Was planning on selling these NOK for GME but RH went full tard. I'm sorry boys
Anyone able to buy GME or BB?
Schwab, Fidelity, and CashApp all won't let me buy any shares. Anyone know where I could, or is it shut down everywhere?  EDIT: Solved, TDA worked
Canadian here. Just bought 3 shares of GME. It ain't much but it's honest work. LETS GOOO!!
Got nervous, pulled out. I want to get back in with at least a little.
I tried to do eToro and they blocked the stock there. TD takes 2-4 days. What is instant and actually works?
I don’t have any trading app never traded before. Is It too late to join the dance? Is it real that there is a 4-5 day delay before money I transfer can be invest?
Here’s who to contact to report market manipulation on the part of Robinhood. If you know of any more, please feel free to comment
Here’s who to contact to report Market Manipulation on the part of Robinhood:  FTC:    US Treasury: Fraud 1-800-359-3898  Palo Alto District Attorney:   650-324-6400  San Francisco FBI Office: Fraud 415-553-7400
Have Robinhood, what should I use instead?
I just caught wind of everything going on but I only have Robinhood for trading stocks. What service should I use instead to be part of all of this?
JUST BOUGHT 35k WORTH OF SHARES KEEP HOLDING STRONG BOYS AND GIRLS AND BUY IF YOU CAN
1-min chart of #GME with entry/exit indicators. Must buy and hold! Stop the sell!!
It’s come back season!
I ain’t selling!
How to Find the Blacklisted Stocks on RobinHood
In case you want to use RobinHood to track the stocks they currently have blacklisted, they are as follows:  American Airlines ($AAL): Transportation & Construction Services  AMC Entertainment ($AMC): Entertainment  Bed, Bath, & Beyond ($BBBY): Home Improvement  Best Buy ($BBY): Hardware  Blackberry ($BB): Software  Castor Meritime ($CTRM): Transportation & Construction Services  Express ($EXPR): Apparel & Accessories  GameStop ($GME): Hardware  Koss ($KOSS): Hardware  Nakd Brand ($NAKD): Apparel & Accessories  Nokia ($NOK): Hardware  Sundial Growers ($SNDL): Cannabis  Tootsie Roll ($TR): Food & Drink  Trivago ($TRVG): Travel Booking  1) Search in RH for the broad category 2) Select category 3) Filter by symbol 4) Find the blacklisted company 5) Create/add to existing personal list
German trade republic also allows only to sell. Fuckers...
IS THERE ANYWHERE I CAN BUY?
I want to buy this dip up but obviously can’t with robinhood. Are there any sites I can buy on right now? Thanks In advance. These are steal prices right now
Robinhood alternatives- upvote for visibility
I will edit this post as needed, I'm aggregating info from another post, and I'll be trying to do some research to support any of the suggestions that have been made:     IF YOU HAVE ADDITIONAL INFO, COMMENT IT SO I CAN UPDATE THE POST, I'M CHEKCING THIS THREAD BETWEEN TICKETS AT WORK     Stock trading alternatives to RobinHood:     TD Ameritrade(GME back up for trading)      ~~Cash App~~      Vanguard      ~~Fidelity~~       M1 Finance      Etrade      Etoro   (Blocked GME temporarily but seems to be back up)  Trading apps to avoid-     RobinHood   >!More like Robbin' the poor!<     Webull   (also blocked GME etc.)      Cash App   (has hidden GME)    Fidelity   (Not allowing new accounts to be made)     Trading212   (Blocked buying of GME)   Unsure-     E-Trade   Accepting apps, possibly hiding GME  If anyone has any input/info about pros/cons between any of the trading app thingies mentioned above, or if anybody can make a better post than this one-   DO IT  .   I don't care about the damn upvotes, I want to make stocks accessible to everyone and I want everyone to have the best tools possible to ~~stick it to these hedgefunds~~  get stocks they just really like for no reason
Gamestop HQ watching their own stock as they were packing up their offices...
Questrate in Canada works! Wealthsimple not so much
It really isn't about the money at all anymore
I was really only in this for the fun of it all, fuck the money. Yesterday seeing the gains on my account, thinking about what it could mean for my family... It was like holding a lotto ticket and all but one number had been called, everything was lining up.  Today the rug was pulled out thanks to those 1% fucks just being such horrible people that they couldn't even admit their own defeat, they had to cheat to win just like every other goddamn time in history.  And you know what? I saw that stock hit $130 and it just made me want to put more in. I'm holding hard as hell  🏻  because FUCK THOSE GUYS.   The joker memes were funny, but now I really feel it. It's not about the money at all, I didn't give a shit when I saw the number drop. I was just pissed that after having so many veils pulled back this past year on so many other institutions, that this win that so many of us are sharing together was just yet another thing for them to fuck us over on.  No war but the class war. Hold the line on these fuckers and speak to them in the only language they seem to understand.  Dr strange our
Buying Alternatives
Fidelity is still supporting certain stocks that were shut out by brokers as they colluded with hedge funds to fix the price of heavily shorted securities.   Many of us RH poors still have an HSA via fidelity, so you can trade with that. This is pretty much the opposite of financial advice because of how dumb it is.
We have united AOC and Ted Cruz
They copyright struck Chamath's interview-debate with a CNBC shill lol they're panicking
What investment platform do you use? I'm new to investing and really curious what the best platforms are out there so I won't get screwed.
Sorry if this is a dumb question, I'm very new to investing. I've been seeing a lot of posts lately, so I wanted to learn more. A lot of people have been saying bad things about RobinHood, which is what a lot of my friends use. What should I use instead?
I know everybody is    but WHY is AMD going down?? Good Q1 and beating intels ass!
Price Decrease/Increase due to shorts selling?
Is it possible the rebound from the major crash could be the Hedge Funds buying back the short stocks? I’m scared because if this was the short squeeze, then there is no point in driving the price up again in order for another squeeze, it won’t come if they’ve already bought. Still holding and hoping!
AOC is with us. I dislike her less now.
Endgame
You guys are amazing. I made the stupid decision to not buy GME on Monday at $70 and when i tried to enter yesterday i was greeted by the bullshit reasoning that plagued every brokerage. So even though i wasnt able to help the cause, i want to thank all you guys for what you have done, given power to the people who don’t have the people who dont have the finance to pay their way to the top.   It may have only been for a couple of weeks, but in this time the scum who manipulate the markets that we work so tirelessly to understand were the ones who, instead of going to the moon, went to the core of the fcking earth. And because of the situation you guys put them in, their manipulation is clear as day; they cant accept the fact that they cant win in a market they dont have their greedy hands around.  I really hope this isnt the end and that gme is squeezed even more, but with the anti democratic measures put in place to save the grease ridden fat cats from offing themselves, it seems like this revolution is coming to an end. Having said this, the repercussions will probably live on for a long long time. Trading apps will possibly never be the same again, with intervention almost inevitable given how clearly they tried to restrict investor activity. The two forces that remain are us and big investors, and whats promising is we cant be shaken off. We will always have access to trading but hopefully in the future our access isnt controlled by gormless ogres who are controller by big investors.  This was the first step of something bigger, this sub will not fade into obscurity just yet. Good luck for 2021, to the moon!
IS Revolut trading app GOOD? ANYONE ABLE TO GET GME ON IT
PLEASE CONFIRM
Hold the line. Don't let them win. To the moon
KYSFAG
The fire rises.    For the win! HOLD!
Thats a HELL of a loss  -  haha hope everyone is having a good day
PSA: Vanguard still allowing buys, Merrill Edge NOT allowing
These are the two brokers where I have accounts. Really disappointed Merrill went sell-only this AM. Vanguard executed a trade for AMC for me but I had to enter it as a limit order.
ILHAN IS WITH US
Hold the line $GME
Buy Robinhood?
Is Robinhood publicly traded? Is it getting shorted in the wake of the backlash? Should we squeeze that shit?
This is amazing.
I've been sleuthing on this sub for quite some time now, coincidentally my portfolio finally hit 100% returns yesterday when this category 5 shit storm hit. The camaraderie one this sub is incredible. Fuck Melvin. Fuck Shitron. Fuck any Wallstreet billionaire who thinks they can continually spit in the face of the little guy and get away with it. Who knows, they just might but either way, fuck them.   I'm holding AMC until it hits 0 or 1k.
Is there a retail ETF I can buy?
.
Can we get a list of brokers who wouldn’t allow us to buy?
I’ll update as this goes.  Robinhood
WE WILL WIN, KEEP HOLDING
Lets see what happens
Holy shit. Didn't think these guys would be talking about it.
We need more people like Louis

Stake did not let us trade for the first 2 hours. What can I do?
Stake was down for the first two hours of trade. No buys, no sells, complete white pages. During this time I reached out to their support team and told them I was trying to sell my GME stocks for $420, they were at the time $420 and rising. So they will have a times  log of my intention. They are now   and I still can't trade. Is there any way to hold them accountable for this? I'm not asking for any stock advice at all. Australian btw.
GameStop shareholder sells $1 Billion worth of stock
2008 housing crash victim here
I bought my 1st house (manufactured home) a few months before the crash of 2008 at the peak of prices.  To this day I will never be able to sell that home because over night it lost 80% of its value.  After getting out of the US Army in 09, I moved into my parents house and collected unemployment until I found a job while still making a mortgage payment on a house I did not live in.  I was lucky to have found a reasonable management rental agency to have it rented out most of the year (at less than $100 a month profit).  After all these years, I still do not have enough money to make big moves in the stock market.  Last year was the first year that I stopped living pay check to pay check.  Last week I came across this sub and started reading, then doing my own research on what the heck was going on with GME.  On Tuesday I bought $100 of GME on the dip at $   I did not do this because it was going to make me a ton of money, I did it knowing full well that I will most likely lose it.  I did it because it is me saying fuck you to the hedge funds that have ruined so many lives.  I just want to thank you guys for allowing me to spit in the faces of the people that have destroyed so many lives.  I will hold my little piece GME even when they are artificially dropping the price to save their asses.   SO HOLD GME with        and take the GME          to the Oort cloud.  I do not know what flair to use or even if this submission will make it through auto mod.  But thanks any way to the one MOD who reads this.  HOLD the line!!!     Position:   @$  GME
Robinhood is currently the 3rd result when you search for the SEC on Twitter
Be Wary of New Stock Trading Apps Popping Up - do your DD into who’s funding them
Now that RobinHood is getting destroyed and sued....  Remember;  Citadel bailed out Melvin to tune of $1-3 Billion or so.  So in order to recoup their losses Citadel had RobinHood stop allowing certain stocks to be supported/bought.  I’m doing so, a mass sell frenzy and price drop.   Citadel and other Hedgies are going to snatch this all up.   And then suddenly we will new apps that want you to be a customer. And you’ll be able to trade these stocks.   Be wary and do DD as to who’s funding these apps!  The Hedgies will want to get back at us any way they can!
Is Captivism already a word that describes activism in the form of capital? If not it should be.
The work being done here here is as clear and effective activism against the tyranny of capital as any I've seen, maybe ever... Is there word for it? Does captivism even describe it???
Etoro also stopped $GME trading
This may make a Robbinhood IPO A bad idea. I see it being being shorted lol #ironic #alanis
WHEN DO WE SELL GME!?
Any graphic designers here want to design wallstreetbets themed art or just stock art in general for my laser engraver?
Looking for quick turnaround times thanks!
SWITCH OFF ROBINHOOD AND BUY MORE WE AINT DONE
Switched to vanguard to buy more gme. Find an app that isn’t corrupt and fucking buy u tards
I guess this shouldn’t be surprising
JA HAS SPOKEN!
$SNDL Delisted on RH?? As soon as it went over $1 today they delisted it and it all my gains evaporated. More market manipulation?
I haven't seen anyone talking about it on here or twitter and was wondering if anyone else noticed? RH delisted SNDL as soon as it saw a surge at market open and I lost $100 in earnings. I'm a smalltime investor but this would've been decent money for me if it took off and it seems like some more Robinhood market manipulation bullshit to take note of. This is all infuriating.   Fuck Robinhood. Moving my money out of RH after all this is over.   Godspeed to all of you, fuck RH, fuck the hedge funds.
ETORO( European app) blocked from buying   can they manipulate like this!!!
Which one of you did this?
This is fucking retarded. HOLD THE LINE!
Robinhood IPO
Fuck Robinhood.  This retard might turn to a gay bear and short this til they bankrupt. If they even make it to IPO day at this point.
GME: I will not sell. $1000 here we come!
Keep buying and HOLD! GME TO THE MOON!!
eToro no more new open orders. WTF? Who owns these brokers? Hodling from a 3rd world country btw
We are under   TO THE STARS
$WALRF
LETS HELP EVERYONE BUYING $GME. US USERS, WHERE ARE YOU STILL ABLE TO BUY GME? POST HERE
Lavar Ball says ‘never sell’ AMC stock…
I’m late to the party but TD Ameritrade is letting me buy GME, BB, NOK
FYI, these schmucks think they can scare everyone by halting buying, don’t let them win!
r/MaliciousCompliance They Want Me To Sell- Okay. Sell Limit $100,000 a share.
RH is only allowing me to sell. Okay, I'll sell @ $100,000 per share, bitch. Fuck you. Fuck Vlad Tenev. Fuck Kenneth Griffin. And Fuck the federal Reserve.
I was potentially going to sell some GME Friday, after this, I'M NOT SELLING ANYMORE. HOLDING UNTIL THE FUCKING MOON FOR ALL THOSE GETTING FUCKED TODAY.
Peace and love, fight the good fight <3
Anyone use Moomoo trade
Had a friend recommend MooMoo as a replacement to Robinhood. Never used the app was wondering if anyone else does. It's still trading all the stocks blocked by Robinhood.
Portnoy with the facts
Judge to order RH to allow trading?
Guys, is there any way to get a judge to order RH to allow trading? No idea how this stuff works but I know they can force action.. Right now RH just needs to keep the status quo to do damage.  Just a thought
SLV & AG. I'M IN!
Yes I bought on the hype  Yes I bought on the high    or without   WSB  , it will hit $100 in 5 years or less.  Fuck it, I'm in for 250 shares of each.     But if you all want to blow this   ain't say'n  HAHAHAHAHAHA
WHAT DO I BUY???
WHAT DO I BUY TO GET RICH???
FUCK SHITRON! We should buy all stocks that Citron research has ever shorted or talked shit on
From recent memory there is $GME and $SOLO that he caused to drop. We've now made him look like a bellend with GME so why not do the same with SOLO. Maybe even get Shopify higher and any other stock he's ever been short on. 🖕 Citron and may all stocks hes shorted
ROBINHOOD: YOU WILL BE OBLITERATED
Dear Robinhood,  Puck You Puck your investors Puck your app!  All you folks at robin-hood  please never again claim that  “we are democratising finance”,  You guys pussied out!  Sincerely, An army of Retail investors   And to fellow retail investors, I’ll see you Bois on the moon! We are gonna bring this baby home. HOLD the GOD-DAMN LINE.   Let’s squeeze them shorts like titties. 💰🔥
Ally Invest is blocking buys of GME, AMC, and others
Ally Invest has joined the band wagon in blocking buys for GME, AMC, and others. Add them to the list of firms colluding on this. I've made the usual assortment of complaints to the SEC, FINRA, and Ally themselves. I'm currently transferring all funds I have in Ally over to my other bank ad will get all my accounts with them closed out by next week. I will happily join any class action suit over this.  I'm not hurting for money like some of you guys trying to make a little to improve your life after years of this Wall Street BS, but I'm cheering you on and buying along with you while sitting here watching the big guys trying to crush you. Let your actions speak louder than words and start ditching all these companies who are helping you lose the fair fight that you started.  GME to the moon!
D1 took 20% loss due to GME gain, also happens to be RH investor !! Share living crap out of it!
Impossible to setup an account right now
Discovered wallstreetbets yesterday and have been trying to get in on it ever since, but I'm finding it nearly impossible to find a brokerage that is still trading these stocks and whose website is still functioning. Seems like my best bet is Fidelity, but I'm open to any suggestions!
Lets turn Melvin's home into a Gamestop Megastore
As the above says, it has previously been mentioned in a meme about buying  Gabriel Plotkin's house and turning it into a gamestop. If these diamond hands want anything other than to ensure the integrity of the free markets, I want that mans house to become a Gamestop Mega Store. I am willing to donate my gains if this does eventually go to $1000. If it goes to zero, oh well, we have successfully forever changed the markets. Welcome to the history books boys!
Check out GTE movement today
IT MIGHT NOT BE FRIDAY - BUT IT'S COMING!
SHORT STOCK DOESN'T HAVE AN EXPIRATION DATE  Hedgefund whales are spreading disinfo saying Friday is make-or-break for $GME. Call options expiring ITM on Friday will drive the price up if levels are maintained, but  may not trigger the short squeeze .  It may be Friday, but it could be next week the we see the real squeeze.  DON'T PANIC IF THE SQUEEZE DOESN'T HAPPEN FRIDAY.  It's not guaranteed to. The only thing that is  guaranteed  mathematically is that the shorts  will have to cover  at  some  point in the future. They are trying to get enough people hooked on the   false expectation   of Friday so that if/when it doesn't happen, enough will sell out of panic/despair.   DON'T BE THAT PERSON.    WE LIKE THE STOCKKEEP HOLDING UNTIL THEY FEEL THE PAIN, WHETHER THAT'S FRIDAY OR NEXT WEEKLimit order set to $5,000+  🏻   .　　　　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　   　 　　　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\ 　　　　　　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　 　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　　　　　　　 　 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ 　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　,　　   　  .　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　ﾟ　  　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　☀️　　.  ,　　　　　　　.　　　　　　    　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　  　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　    　      　　　　　        　　　  　　　　　　　　　　. 　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　   　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　    ✦ 　   　　　,　　　　　　　　　　　      　　　　 　　,　　　 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　 　　 　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　           　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　˚　　　 　   　　　　,　　　　　　　　　　　       　    　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　  　　    　　　　　 　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\  　　   　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　　　　         　        　　　　 　　 　　　　　　　 　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　    　　. 　 　　　　　.　　　　   　　　　　   　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　   　  ˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　ﾟ　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　 　 🌎 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ,　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\  .　　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　   　 　　　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\ 　　　　　　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.     Credit \~ u/OurLordOfWar
YOU THINK YOU CAN CUT YOUR LOSSES BY SHUTTING US OUT? MY LIMIT JUST WENT FROM 3K TO 10K
They have to pay eventually and if they think that by shutting out buys they can lower their losses we have a way to fight back. This is still a supply/demand problem. Raise all your limits and don't let them get away with this, and then move to another broker after.
Let the people what? What was that RH? Say again please, louder?

This is the way
Is this strategy for GME retarded?
I bought in 10 shares of GME at 325 yesterday, is it a bad idea to sell back today if it goes back up to 325 with the intent of using all that money to buy GME tomorrow during a dip \~200?   or am i fucking retarded?
Robinhood, TD Ameritrade restrict trading of GameStop, AMC stock
You need to Leave Robinhood
As I’m sure you all know you can’t trade GME on the robinhood app because of the    manipulating the market. The squeeze starts tomorrow and if you want to buy shares you need to find another app. Show robinhood that you won’t stand for what they did, and take all your money(not invested in GME) and move it somewhere else. Obviously you need to hold your GME shares however you can.   I’m helping from Canada as mush as I can, my brother, my friend and I have 26 shares and we’re holding the line and buying the dip. We need to keep strong. Bring GME to the moon
Let’s boycott ROBINHOOD. We made Robinhood successful and this is how they paid us back. #closeyourrobinhoodaccount #boycottrobinhood
Latest rankings from S3 Partners
RH apparently freezing and seizing capital on accounts suspected of market manipulation
I’ve tried to post the image 15 times but haven’t been successful. See image I received from a friend    Fuck this company, fuck citadel, Fuck the hedge funds.
More FUD from CNBC... they just can’t shut up about it.
HOLD ONTO $NOK
THE PEICE KEEPS RISING TO $5 THEN PEOPLE ARE PANIC SELLING, THIS STOCK IS GOING TO THE MOON.. JUST HOLD AND BUY THE DIP
Where should I go now that Robinhood sucks
I think Shakespeare said it best: "HOLD." We few, we happy few, we band of brothers; For he to-day that sheds his blood with me Shall be my brother
. O that we now had here   But one ten thousand of those men in England   That do no work to-day!   . What's he that wishes so?   My cousin, Westmorland? No, my fair cousin;   If we are mark'd to die, we are enough   To do our country loss; and if to live,   The fewer men, the greater share of honour.   God's will! I pray thee, wish not one man more.   By  , I am not covetous for gold,   Nor care I who doth feed upon my cost;   It yearns me not if men my garments wear;   Such outward things dwell not in my desires.   But if it be a sin to covet honour,   I am the most offending soul alive.   No, faith, my  , wish not a man from England.   God's peace! I would not lose so great an honour   As one man more methinks would share from me   For the best hope I have. O, do not wish one more!   Rather proclaim it, Westmorland, through my host,   That he which hath no stomach to this fight,   Let him depart; his passport shall be made,   And crowns for convoy put into his purse;   We would not die in that man's company   That fears his fellowship to die with us.   This day is call'd the feast of  .   He that outlives this day, and comes safe home,   Will stand a tip-toe when this day is nam'd,   And rouse him at the name of Crispian.   He that shall live this day, and see old age,   Will yearly on the vigil feast his neighbours,   And say "To-morrow is Saint Crispian."   Then will he strip his sleeve and show his scars,   And say "These wounds I had on Crispin's day."   Old men forget; yet all shall be forgot,   But he'll remember, with advantages,   What feats he did that day. Then shall our names,   Familiar in his mouth as household words—   Harry the King,  ,    —   Be in their flowing cups freshly rememb'red.   This story shall the good man teach his son;   And Crispin Crispian shall ne'er go by,   From this day to the ending of the world,   But we in it shall be rememberèd—   We few, we happy few, we band of brothers;   For he to-day that sheds his blood with me   Shall be my brother; be he ne'er so vile,   This day shall gentle his condition;   And gentlemen in England now a-bed   Shall think themselves accurs'd they were not here,   And hold their manhoods cheap whiles any speaks   That fought with us upon Saint Crispin's day.
AAL the next GME? Thoughts? AAL majorly shorted when all the other airlines aren’t 🤌🤌. Let’s get this bread wsb!!
I can smell their fear & arrogance from here. Hold.
Gamestop (and others) Are not just listed on the US stock exchange.
SILVER
Switch over to silver it’s massively shorted. Currently its worth half the price in the 50’s and that doesn’t include inflation. Plus none of this trading ban shit will happen to it since its a global commodity!
Together with other brokerages Etoro are also blocking the ability to buy GME shares. How is this not market manipulation? This can't stand.
It is not possible to trade GME as the "trade" button is faded out and not "clickable".
WHY GME WILL POP TOMORROW
If the price of GME stays above $115 through friday it will force the buying of 8M shares via exercised ITM options. as it is, all options purchased prior to a week ago are ITM given that the highest strike was $60 hahaha for reference, GME only has like 60M shares or something
HOLD THE LINE AMC, GAMESTOP, BB. Go ask @SenWarren for help. Ted Cruz and AOC already helping out. Some class suits against ROBINHOOD! Let’s take it to social media and make sure WALL STREET does not get away w this manipulation. WE WONT BE STOPPED. 🤲🏻
Dave Portnoy is for the people. Robinhood crooks should go to JAIL! WE LIKE THIS STOCK!
Cashapp locked
Anyone else cannot cancel shares on cashapp that have been pending all day?
YOU NEED TO HOLD THE LINE FOR MARKET CLOSE. UPVOTE IF YOU ARE IN $GME. FUCK LOSING THIS
want to open account NOW to buy shit ton of $GME
whats up fuckers  based in the EU, want to make a smart investment cuz its funny lmao.  with what broker can i open an account quickly now? thanks boys
They made our friends homeless. They profited off the pandemic. Even if I lose every cent it'll be worth it if any of these ghouls go down.
Robinhood boycott
Hello all, like many of you I was disturbed at the market manipulation that took place by Robinhood earlier. In response I am proposing that anyone who was offended by this move their money to a new brokerage. I am moving my business elsewhere and I am encouraging my friends and family to as well. This is the only way to send a message to this company. Additionally we can look at it as a way to obtain a sign up bonus at a different brokerage
#DumpRobinhood
I accomplished two things this morning--I began the transfer of assets from corrupt-ass Robinhood (after five years with them, too) to my new   Fidelity account  . And two: I wrote my congresspeople to investigate Robinhood and other retail brokers. If you'd like to use my text, please feel free to copy and paste the words below and text to   50409  .  Robinhood LLC and other retail investment brokers are deliberately and maliciously sabotaging the market in order to appease their own investors. This must be investigated at the highest level for what it is--  fraud and manipulation  . They are screwing over the lowest earners to protect hedge funds who got caught with their pants down. Please assist your constituents.  The fight has only just begun. GME to the moon!
Market manipulation what to do and pep talk
This might be a long post, but there is a lot of information floating around that I think needs to be compiled into one.       About me    I have been in this community since I started college (a little over 2 years ago, 21 now). I have seen this group go from losing money on every trade, making shitposts on literally thousands of dollars of loss, and forcing RobinHood to reassess their risk management THREE TIMES to creating an army to take on the establishment. Although I don't like how large this subreddit has gotten, this volume is necessary to maintain what we've accomplished so far--thank you to the mods for how they have handled this growth, you guys are the best and most organized team on this site by far. This subreddit is my home. I'm so proud to be included here (even if my baby gains post from 2 years ago was removed and then the mod called me a retard lmao).       Market manipulation    As many of us know, and some are beginning to find out, the big boys are participating in market manipulation (who would've thought??). Melvin and Citadel have both attempted to crash GME by injecting billions in a number of ways. These ways include, but are not limited to, in no specific order: crashing the stock AH where the volume is low hoping for a lower open, buying stop loss data in an attempt to create a snowball effect of sell orders, buying out the media (looking at you CNBC... along with others) to say that the squeeze has happened, to say that we are the problem, to say that we are the gamblers, to say that we are the ones that need to be regulated, tricking boomers into buying puts, and now SHUTTING DOWN ALL BUY TRADE FOR GME ON THE "FREE AND FAIR" MARKET. This is disgusting, even for me (and I watch snuff film). Melvin themselves received a   billion dollar loan to cover their losses, but instead of cover they decided to use that money to attack us. This is a day-by-day attack.       Where to buy GME?    Get rid of RobinHood for fucks sake. If the constant server issues, worthless customer service, not knowing about leap years (twice?? really RobinHood??), and lack of account security wasn't enough to make you get out, then maybe BLATANT STOCK MARKET MANIPULATION is enough. "oH We dId tHaT tO pRoTeCt oUr cLiEnTs." SHUT THE FUCK UP. JUST SHUT THE FUCK UP. NO YOU FUCKING DIDNT. I had RobinHood because no other broker allowed me to open option positions blindly. No other broker allowed me to bet on margin at 18. No other broker allowed me to bet on stock without experience. RobinHood doesn't give a fuck about you, me, or any of its users. They care more about the people funding them.  RobinHood is not the only one doing this, but they are the most popular amongst the youth that are buying up GME. Interactive Brokers and WeBull to my knowledge are others that stopped buy orders.  I have used Fidelity for over a year now and they are perfect. Outages are rare, customer service is great (ever talk to someone from the Midwest? Because I did when I called), and they are in it for the user. Best part? They are the largest institutional owner of GME. Need me to explain that to you? They only profit if GME goes up. They won't stop the buy orders from flooding in. I doubt you can create an account and transfer your money over in one day, but do what you can.       Where to report RobinHood, Melvin Capital, Citadel, etc.    Contact the House Financial Services Committee. They are a House of Representatives committee dedicated to overviewing and regulating firms and banks. Call their number at (202) 225-4247 and leave a message to demand a hearing on the recent manipulation in the market. Thank you to u/alphazed for bringing this to light.  Contact your senators, Senator Elizabeth Warren, and Representative AOC. Your state senator is the first option because they are supposed to help you, but Elizabeth Warren is the most prominent figure when it comes to the market. She has fought for years for us and was one of the first adopters of Consumer Protections. Her contact info you can find on her \ .  Contact the SEC and file a complaint. Do not send multiple copy/pasted responses because they will be filtered as spam. Although the SEC isn't on our side most of the time, we can still make these complaints public and that will help with legislation and regulation along with the inevitable lawsuits. You can contact them \ .  Class action lawsuit against RobinHood anyone?  Take to the streets of Twitter and other platforms. Spread the word. The more awareness we give this, the bigger it will get. I understand this is already international, but most people don't understand what's going on. They just know GME is going up for some reason. Explain this to your friends, your parents, strangers, your dog, etc. Get as much attention as possible.       My positions and thoughts    Currently holding 71 shares avg \~$137. I lost $16k this morning in the span of 30 minutes. I watched that motherfucker drop from $300 to $200 to lower than my average causing a total $1000 dollar loss. That 16k loss was roughly 1/3 of my net worth. Did I sell? HELL FUCKING NO. This is no longer about the money. I put $6k in originally at $18 and paper handed at $12. Then bought $500 worth at $19, sold at $30. Then bought more at $77 and sold at $96 because I wanted money. I was just trying to ride the wave and couldn't handle the volatility. As soon as I understood the gravity of the situation, I WENT BALLS FUCKING DEEP AND AM HOLDING UNTIL I DIE. I LOVE THIS STOCK.  THIS IS NOT 1000 EOW. THIS IS NOT 5000 EOM. THIS IS NOT A SELL. THIS IS A STAND AGAINST THE COMPANIES THAT TOOK EVERYTHING FROM US. WE ARE UNITED AS ONE. WE WILL BLEED THE RICH. WE ARE NOT TO BE MADE FOOLS ANYMORE. THEY CANNOT PLAY WITH US. THEY CANNOT TOY WITH US. WE ARE TAKING THEM ON HEAD-TO-HEAD. MULTIBILLION DOLLAR HEDGE FUNDS AGAINST THE FUCKING WORLD. WE STAND TO LOSE NOTHING WHILE THEY STAND TO LOSE EVERYTHING. WE ARE NOT SEPARATE INDIVIDUALS ANYMORE MOTHERFUCKERS. WE ARE AN ENTITY AND A FORCE THROUGH THE USE OF SOCIAL MEDIA. WE LOVE THIS STOCK.  There are now nearly 5 million of us. 5 MILLION. We will not stand down. We will not surrender. I'm riding this motherfucker to $0 if I have to. Fuck the establishment. Fuck the hedge funds. Fuck the brokerage firms that betrayed us. Fuck the corporate shills lining their pockets with our money. Fuck the politicians that support this. Fuck the enablers that give excuse for this to happen. They thought we wouldn't catch them. They thought we wouldn't have the ability to take them on. THEY. WERE. WRONG. I'm so fucking proud of you all. Hold until you die. This is not about the money, this is about the cause. We are one. We are united. We fight with everything we have.
One thing everyone should do - uninstall Robinhood and switch to a different broker!
Robinhood banning the purchase of $GME, $AMC, etc. is pure market manipulation to help out their hedge fund partners (who are bleeding on $GME) and is likely illegal. If you are on their platform, it's hurting your ability to trade and actually harming you financially. Switch to another broker and take your money out of RH so that you can trade freely and help put Robinhood out of business.  \[EDIT\]Some potential brokers (that haven't halted trading) include Fidelity and Charles Schwab.    Also, don't sell your $GME until you can make an equivalent purchase on your new broker! Or have your stock transferred to your new broker!    If you do this soon enough, we may be able to salvage the stocks they helped suppress, by next week. #uninstallrobinhood
FUCK RH
Fuck RH and all this manipulation. We are over 3 million strong. Best way to shove it up their ass and break it off is by switching to a REAL broker. My 401k is with Fidelity so I’ll be closing out my RH account and switching. Let’s hit these mother fuckers in the wallet where it hurts and use the power of this sub to give it back!
Could someone apply friends and family investing to there accounts and keep a list of friends that swnt money as they were unable tp buy
Id consider everyone here a friend if i needed to lol not sure if that is pushing it though what these guus are getting away with is criminal.
Wealthsimple is cancelling high limit sells on GME. anything >10%, so limit sells are useless on that app.
REMEMBER THEIR NAMES!!! GABRIEL PLOTKIN. KENNETH C. GRIFFIN. VLADIMIR TENEV. BAIJU BHATT.
THESE ARE THE SUITS THAT STOLE YOUR MONEY. DO NOT FORGET THEIR NAMES. They didn’t just rig the market, they cheated and took OUR money. DO NOT let the blame be put on corporations, PUT THE BLAME ON THE MEN WHO OWN THEM!!!  UP WITH STONKS        DOWN WITH SUITS 📉📉📉📉
products
Gamestop sells plushies! I'm buying one! I LIKE THIS STOCK
I'm a retard.
I have no idea what the fuck I'm doing or what is going on, but I bought GME.   I chickened out with shaky hands at first and sold it when it dropped, but then I read this sub, grew a pair and bought it again with all the little money I had.     Could someone explain to me like a mentally deficient 5-year-old what exactly is going on, how long do I hold it for, and what can I expect to happen?
Ligand Pharmaceuticals (LGND) - do retail investors understand market cap?
Just wondering why stocks like NOK, AMC, etc received so much attention when the #2 most shorted stock - LGND, with a short interest currently over 100% - has received almost no attention here or in the media. This is a solid biotech/pharmaceutical company with positive cash flow and a healthy balance sheet. Unlike brick and mortar stores and movie theaters, there is nothing outdated or inherently flawed with this biotech company's business model.  As far as I can tell, the only reason this stock is so heavily shorted is because of a hit piece put out by WSB's mortal enemy Citron back in 2019. Of course, we know that once these short sellers smell blood in the water they pile on, making bearish sentiment a self-fulfilling prophecy. The current short positions seem to be based on his outdated thesis. His price target was $35 and LGND is now sitting pretty comfortably over $120. In other words, he was once again dead wrong with his predictions.   So why hasn't this stock received the attention that other heavily shorted stocks like NOK, AMC, etc have in the past few days?   My hunch is that retail investors look only at the share price and not market cap.   LGND may cost $100+ per share but the market cap is only   That is around what Gamestop's was before it received widespread attention as a short-busting target.     Unlike GME, NOK, AMC, BB, etc. LGND is not blocked by any of the brokers. I'm not selling any of my position in GME but I'm definitely giving this stock some of my attention going forward.  This is not investing advice.  Positions:  LGND 50 shares @ $182   GME 20 shares @ $240
VAEEEEEEE VICTUS
penis
just penis
Buying FCELL
This is not financial advixe
Robinhood didn't cancel my order??? What do I do to get my money back?
So I put in a buy order this morning, but robinhood was being slow so I canceled the order only to find out it went through an hour later???
The super rich doesn’t want the underdog to actually have a chance at winning in this Ponzi scheme stock market. So instead of losing money they change the rules of the game??
Good-on Y'all: coodoes from a boglehead
TLDR: All hail the Gamestonk! You guys are alright. What's next? (not really, I'm not that eager/foolish)? BUT I may lurk around and join you for small chips on the next one, ... or more likely the one after that once the news cyclehas was moved on from y'all.     THE LONG VERSION     I (40yo M) have been investing for about 11 years now. started small with just a maxed out personal Roth. More recently opened a regular brokerage with the money I was saving for a house, when I finally realized that I would rather rent.  Started maxing out the work 401k this last year, and the work 457b the year before that (no match on either).  So far it's all been low fee index funds, as prescribed by the Jack Bogle devotees. I'm not saying this to brag because, honestly, it's not that impressive. Will only have +250k across all accounts later this year and hopefully I'll hit 1M by 50 and retire at 55.  Lately that doesn't really count as "rich" BUT it does mean that I should be OK in retirement: comfortable,  not starving, ect.  I've never invested directly in stocks because I recognize and accept that I lack the time and motivation to do enough homework to not get suckered in that market. Knowing yourself is good.   What gets me is how institutional investors get away with there    .... How are things like Short Sales (ware you borrow?!? stocks) even legal?  And automated trades for that matter were stocks are held for mere seconds!   I just loved watching you guys stick it to the hedge funds this week.  Now as I type trading on the GME has been halted because of a steep decline from the high earlier today.  Its dip sucks for any retail level folks who joined the "stonk" after the fact.   But that's how this shit works. Buyer beware, and all that. = why I "bogle".  But I plan to keep watching you guys.  I might even be willing to get in on the next one... but only at the small buy in level.  Bogle is my guide.... but maybe I can "play" with my tax return.  At the very least,  it's all been good entertainment.
Make It Personal - Quellcrist Falconer
>The personal, as everyone’s so fucking fond of saying, is political. So if some idiot politician, some power player, tries to execute policies that harm you or those you care about, take it personally. Get angry. The Machinery of Justice will not serve you here – it is slow and cold, and it is theirs, hardware and soft-. Only the little people suffer at the hands of Justice; the creatures of power slide from under it with a wink and a grin. If you want justice, you will have to claw it from them. Make it personal. Do as much damage as you can. Get your message across. That way, you stand a better chance of being taken seriously next time. Of being considered dangerous. And make no mistake about this: being taken seriously, being considered dangerous marks the difference - the only difference in their eyes - between players and little people. Players they will make deals with. Little people they liquidate. And time and again they cream your liquidation, your displacement, your torture and brutal execution with the ultimate insult that it’s just business, it’s politics, it’s the way of the world, it’s a tough life and that it’s nothing personal. Well, fuck them. Make it personal.     ― Richard K. Morgan
not letting me invest in amc, Bb, nok or gme. Any advice??
HOLD!
Why is my GME order considered OPEN? Am I actually trading?
Just dont know what to do.  If it ever gets completed you better believe im holding that sob.
Lets not leave PALANTIR behind
After their kick ass Demo day we saw ATHs at 45. The shorts are attacking and trying to bring this down! Buy Palantir! They’re literally going to save our country from shorts and terrorists!
Boycott CNBC
Spreader of lies and manipulation. Fake fucking news.
How to buy GME from the netherlands?
Have been trying to buy for hours, sadly missed the dip because of this. But still haven't been able to buy $GME  I tried it on ING (a Dutch bank that allows investing too) but they don't offer GME or they blocked it temporarily perhaps.   I tried degiro but they claim to be in maintenance.
Doing my part
Just threw some change I had into GME & AMC, doing my part
Options
Is everyone else locked from touching their options? I was trying to sell to buy shares but I can’t do anything now.
What’s the plan with AMC and NOK?
Edit: I’m holding stronger then gorilla grip coochie
BOUGHT THE DIP, WHATEVER HAPPENS HAPPENS $GME TO THE MOON BABY
diamond. hands. baby.
Robinhood Alternatives
With robinhood being the POS they are, what are some alternative apps to use for investing?
im sorry WSB, I deserve ridicule
I lost 12k because I got scared from GME. I deserve ridicule. I couldnt stomach it.  bought at $330  sold at $170  glad its soaring others. Not being sarcastic about that  The other benefit I see from this is not everything is gains, it helps put realism into perspective.  Source:
Are we still doing AMC? Can’t find GME anywhere.
Edit     just invested my first $50 thanks friends
USE CASHAPP TO BUY NOK AND AMC !!!
Get it while it’s low boys!!!
Good Job Everyone For Holding
Justin Kan on Twitter: Citadel and Robinhood colluding
DON’T PULL YOURS SHARES FROM YOUR BROKER! DON’T CLOSE YOUR ACCOUNTS! DON’T PANIC FROM THIS MANIPULATION.
Don’t close your account, move to different broker, etc.  Your shares are safe wherever they are.  Don’t rage quit.  Keep your cool, focus on your goal.  If you move your account, you may not be able to do anything for a few days.  Also, the broker you’re moving from might sell your shares in the transfer, while the new broker would have to buy.  I don’t know the mechanics of this, someone else can explain.  What I DO KNOW is that as long as you keep your shares where they are, you still have the option of exiting WHEN/IF you’re ready to.  Don’t Panic... it’s exactly what they want.
Alexandria Ocasio Cortez calls Robinhood's block on trading GameStop, other stocks "unacceptable"
Think before you sell
I'm not giving advice. But if you actually use that smooth brain of yours, Robin Hood is increasing the supply of certain stocks to allow for shorts to exit. If you're in options, this is a little grim for you as you have a deadline. For you with shares, just know they want your supply and will pay any price to get it, eventually.  That is all  GME 310-320 call spread 1/29 and 17 shares @ 87 BB $6 june AMC .50 June KOSS shares at   NOK $5 1/2023 Expr $3 April
I CALLED THAT SOME SKETCHY SHIT WAS ABOUT TO GO DOWN YESTERDAY, THIS IS ROBINHOOD DECIDING TO TAKE AWAY YOUR RIGHT TO TRADE IN A FREE MARKET. WEBULL DOES NOT GIVE A FLYING FUCK WHAT YOU TRADE. I AM CURRENTLY TRANSFERRING EVERYTHING INTO WEBULL.
this is comedy gold
ARSMF
Sorry guys I screwed up. Forgot I had a stop sell order at $125 for GME and I lost my 10 shares. Now Ally bank won’t let me buy GME at all. Hope you all take it to the moon.
RH just cancelled my $10,000 sell order.
joke's on them, i was gonna cancel it anyway.  my hands are diamonds, I will not sell these hedge funds can go straight to hell i havent showered and i'm starting to smell because i have to wait for closing bell
I’m down 25000 today, I put my last $5k into GameStop amc and bb. IF I CAN HOLD YOU CAN TOO.
IF YIU ARE SELLING YOU ARE SCUM, RIDE!
So..... Delete Robinhood?
They really fucked me just now
Light reading on RH and Citadel
Nice June article that explains what is going on,
Class action has been filed against Robinhood

WHERE CAN WE BUY?
PETITION TO BAN THE WORD "ROBINHOOD"
First, our mods are awesome. Is it possible to block the word "Robinhood" in this subreddit? I think its only fair.  I just really like that stock and would like to buy more of it with my own money.
When Robinhood has TED CRUZ AND AOC ON THE SAME SIDE!?!!!!???
best stocks to buy rn?
i’ve got about >150$ to invest. i’m considering doing 50$ fractional into GME and 50$ into NOK and AMC. Opinions?
Cant see stock options on Revolut
Hi, like you all im trying to buy more on GME but cant due to Robinhood being turds. I made a Revolut account to buy more but I can only see cryptos and cannot see any stock options at all. Anyone know what the issue is or how to fix it?
Poor retard here, bought both AMC and GME.
And lost a ton of money today I'm holding because fuck it, am I fucked and moveing to a smaller apartments or building a house on the moon?
GERMANY IS OUT TOO
THE TRADING APP TRADE REPUBLIC DOESNT ALLOW US TO BUY SEVERAL STOCKS ANYMORE! („YoU cAn sTiLl seLL yoUr pOsItioNs“) OBVIOUSLY GME IS IN THE MIX!  WHAT KINDA FUCKERY IS THIS?  THIS SHIT ISNT FUNNY, THEY ARE STEALING OUR RIGHTS AND SHIT!
I am so proud of each and every one of you for holding. Thoughts from a r tard
Before this gets deleted, as MANY have mentioned the situation we are finding ourselves is not unlike the massive squeeze that happened in 2008 with VW.  Melvin, Citadel, Robinhood and more are trying to suppress our power and most importantly our fucking tendies. All of you holding are not letting that happen.     THINGS TO CONSIDER:       1. VOLUME:   As we've been seeing these dips take note of the volume and how low it is. Starting from 9 AM today it was only around ~300k and just recently the massive swing back from  $200  to  $300 , it's not us paper handing it.      2. BUYING RESTRICTIONS:   Kind of odd how for such low volume RH, Webull, etc are now deciding how we should manage risk. As others have mentioned RH has a keen interest in opening an IPO and Citadel not only purchases consumer information from them but Robinhood actually sells your option orders to Citadel who profits off the spread. Sidenote: Take a look at the last few days when billion + shares of $NOK were being moved around there were no issues yet somehow with the meteoric finish from Monday till now they can't seem to manage what's going on? We can SELL but can't BUY??  I'm actually an idiot so don't listen to me but I am sure the smart people in here can either confirm or tear this apart.   TL;DR: HOLD. HOLD. HOLD. WE'RE GOING TO THE MOON AND THESE FUCKS ARE TRYING TO SUPPRESS US. It's not working. I love you alll.   Positions:  - 25 @ $195 $GME  EDIT:   According to Ortex losses on short positions are   $70 BILLION  , it's working. Do not let up everyone.
THIS IS PERSONAL
Like the rest of you I'm a complete moron. I have nothing to my name, I'm a nobody. But I've been paying attention. The pain and misery caused by these elitist corporate creeps as they loot our world is beyond imagination. Nothing is sacred to them other than the bottom line. Our brothers, our sisters, our environment suffers from their limitless greed. And what did they tell us when we started to ask questions? "Shut up, look away, or you're next."    We'll I've got something to say to these fuckers. You better sit your boomer ass down and shut the fuck up because we're not going to stop. They're trying to knock us down but we get back up every damn time. And we will win because of one thing they lack: we believe in something greater than ourselves. Hold the line my dear friends. Think of someone in your life who's been fucked by these monsters and hold the line for them. Hold until it hurts. And then keep on holding. This is fucking personal. Because they made it personal.   I like the stock.
THE PEOPLE VS THE ELITE
My dad (the most classic of boomers) is now paying attention to this story and many news outlets are reporting this as it should be- THE ELITES TRYING TO KEEP THE STATUS QUO. He’s on our side and that makes me think that many of the older gens are coming to our side as well. This is gaining traction like no other movement. This is now bigger than some autists trying to get their tendies, it’s a beacon of hope for the common person that maybe we can take some power away from the corrupt elites. Do your part in this epic battle and hold your positions and buy if and when you can! The fate of the country depends on us!
HOLD YOUR GROUND IT'S CLIMBING
Wanting to get in on the fun
Hey, I really want to get in on this. I'm from Europe and have so money to spare, so what can I do? What trading platform etc?
OCDX goes ipo any minute! Alllllll aboard for the moon!   >>>>>>>>
Get in while it’s cheap!
To the 4MM new users we picked up in a year...
are you still using Robinhood when nearly every other brokerage has free trades, proven platforms, and the infrastructure to support scale?  We saw Robinhood fuck you in the trade war, fuck you with the virus, fuck you with the money printer, and now fucking you with the squeeze.     Positions: GME @ $70, BB @ $18, NOK @ 6      On E\ Trade
Platforms that aren't restricting users
Currently I'm aware of Fidelity Investments.  Post up which platform you're using so everyone can keep buying! 💪
WeBull is down now too. DO NOT SELL
What’s the point in selling if no one can buy? JUST HOLD.
We need to show them that they can’t get away with this
PETITION TO CHANGE OUR OFFICIAL TRADING PLATFORM
For TOO long, we autists have relied on Robinhood to make our shitty trades that make us end up losing it all. Well, this morning, RH officially screwed us once and for all and I petition that we take our autistic services someplace else. Since RH doesn’t want us to see GME     , anyone have any suggestions ????
Nowhere to buy
It's impossible to set up an account and buy today now isn't it? For users in the US
Hold AMC and GME.
title \  its as simple  as that. upvote.
Anyone know how long Revolut Application verification takes. Waiting for lift off
Double down again when my account gets verified   HOLD YOUR FUCKING POSITIONS  but seriously anyone know how long Revolut takes or where else to buy GME Fast
Vanguard is blocking trades too
I just came in to more money to buy more shares and the whole thing gets frozen. Fucking assholes
During these short ladder attacks, do the HFs cover some of their positions? Are they reducing their short interest by a lot or no?
Hm?
Tastyworks also blocks GME!
Can't search for certain stocks
Anyone notice that on robinhood (at least for me) you can not search for blackberry, or Nokia?  Edit: or gme
Why don't we all start a Twitch channel right now and go through all of this together?
If something is free - you are the product
... no better example than we see today. Shame on them!
I'm still in! I have faith in the thesis! Blatant manipultion can't break us! GME to the moon!!!!
Close your RH -- Yes all your positions!! Explanation in full post!
Ok idiots,  Here's the deal. As others have stated Robinhood turns out to be the Sheriff of Nottingham. So, fuck 'em.   Open another brokerage account. I'm choosing TD. If I do a wire transfer I'll have the money with-in the day (and probably in less than an hour).  Once your funds clear in the new spot, close EVERYTHING OUT in RH.. Yes, I'm talking about GME, AMC, BB, etc.. everything. Now I hear you shouting me down from the back about diamond hands, and I got you!  Once your funds in your new account have cleared, buy your positions in RH and then close those positions in RH. You won't take any personal loss/gain but you may realize a loss/gain in RH. This will only change things slightly at tax time. I know you can't do math, so I'll help you out.  GME Buy: $    Sell in RH to GTFO: $$    Buy in TD: $ \    Sell after the infinity squeeze: $ !  As you can see the 2 middle trades cancel each other. Now you probably won't be able to fill at the exact same price because GME is volatile as fuck. But that may work to your benefit even. But if you do them at basically the same time the difference will be minimal.   If people wait to close their accounts till next week, or 2 weeks or a month from now, Robinhood will not get the message TODAY that they can't just change the rules. We've become a more united entity, let's show them we won't be fucked with!  Now go make your wife's bf a sandwich!  EDIT: Another option that some may like better is to just transfer your positions out of RH. From RH's website (and copied from a comment below):  Transfer Stocks Out Of Your Robinhood Account   Robinhood   › support › articles ›   can transfer stocks and cash to other brokerages through ACATS (Automated Customer Account Transfer Service) transfer. If you want to keep your Robinhood account, you can initiate a partial transfer. Otherwise, you can initiate a full transfer, and we'll close your account once the process is complete.
Came here because of media reports, got no money, but want to say I support you guys!
No text necessary, just wanted to say I support you guys and as soon as I have some free money (maybe in April or May) I'll join the crusade against the next monster!  I'm sure there's millions of small guys like me, who are behind you guys. Stay strong. Hold the line! You're starting a worldwide revolution right now, finally the rich might pay. This is our version of the storm on the Bastille people!
NORWAY CAN BUY GME, BB, AMC!!
WE LIKE THE STOCK 🙏🏻
This is a post for NOK, BB, AMC etc. Bulls
I understand it. GME is in the spotlight and I will hold my GME shares strong. Im also in on NOK and BB. And I also wanted to 🤝 with all the other strong holding NOK, BB, AMC, PLTR. I love you all! Im clearly sitting it out aswell. I think this will only cause a harder backslash on our Memestonks. Strongly holding the line Bois   (Not a financial advice)
THEM!
Maybe we should contact Elizabeth Warren about this
to send her a message about your feelings about all this.    too.                .
People are selling their Robinhood GMEstock to reinvest GME elsewhere expect dips along the way accordingly
There, fixed it. We good
The Winklevoss twins are with us  👨‍ 🌜
As an American I want to support, what app still allows the purchase of GME?
Help I want to support!
Brokerage App Megathread
Hi there! I'm currently trying to create a list of all brokerage apps based on reliability, accountability and availability. It is currently located here:   Please comment with any and all information you have, such that new investors have a safer market experience. Thanks!  EDIT 1: Updating the document as fast as possible, will reach out to fellow no-lifers to create a moderation team. Please upvote this post so that the wider population has this information at the ready!  EDIT 2: Current recommended are Revolut and eTrade, with Stake as a third option. Investigate at own risk, stay safe, and hold the line  EDIT 3: Thanks for the awards, but if you can, throw money at stonks instead! Please, keep everyone up to date. The more organized we are, the easier it is for us to work!   EDIT 4: Going offline for personal meeting, have handed off control to moderation team. Will return ASAP.
THIS IS NOT OK - Call the SEC Chairman and commissioners directly in addition to filling out forms - THIS IS OUR HILL
Acting Chair Allison Herren Lee (202) 551-2800;        Hester M. Peirce (202) 551-5080;        Elad L. Roisman (202) 551-2700        Caroline A. Crenshaw  (202) 551-5070       RH info and internet form links here:       Position: just 6 tiny shares of GME, 37 AMC, 18 BB, 14 NOK.  I may not have much  BUT I'M NOT FUCKING SELLING
My RH review.
EVEN CRUZ AGREES WITH AOC! FUCK THE ESTABLISHMENT
GME, AMC, BB, all memes stock will rise. Fuck Wall street and their cronies.  TO THE MOON!!!!!  Disclaimer: Fuck Cruz but this shows the anger of the people! Even insurrectionist like Cruz agrees with the ppl!
I know it's small, but I REALLY LIKE this STOCK! Hold that fucking line boys. No one said getting to mars on a rocket ship would be easy.
It ain't much, but it's honest work
WSB Story
Could a moderator or OG tell the origins of the WSB Wave?
T212's shit response to my formal complaint. I'll be a retard if I damn well please. Asshats.
RH user agreement: we can shut you out whenever we want
Please read: A case against Robinhood
\~I am not making any legal claims. Claims made in this post have not been proven to be true. Information contained below may be false. Statements made below can potentially be misleading.\~  I am here to argue that:    Robinhood "intentionally interfered with the free forces of supply and demand" and caused massive widespread damages to not only its users but also to global shareholders of the securities they restricted.    After doing some digging, I found a simple and informative slide deck created by the SEC:     (Produced by Tom Swiers, Office of International Affairs,   Securities and Exchange Commission)  On slide 4, it states that "Market Manipulation" is:  1. Intentional or willful conduct designed to deceive or defraud investors by controlling or artificially affecting the price of securities, or 2.   Intentional interference with the free forces of supply and demand   3. Can be designed to drive a stock’s price up or down  (Slide 4, essentially the first slide of content in his presentation!)    Establishing "interference with the free forces of supply and demand".   Robinhood was aware that their users were significant market players for these banned stocks. Robinhood users held a significant portion of shares in these stocks (supply), and they were actively trading these stocks (demand). You can argue that Robinhood had a responsibility to not to disrupt the free forces of supply and demand knowing that a majority of its users were holding and trading shares of the stocks they targeted, and that in doing so, they would disrupt market prices for the entire market.    Establishing "intent."   When Robinhood crashes due to technical difficulties and people can't trade, that is likely "unintentional." But their decision to restrict trading for a select few stocks was inherently an intentional decision. They should've known that restricting these select stocks from being traded would disrupt supply and demand and cause a sell off that would hurt many investors. Not to mention, with Citadel being one of their largest clients, the magnitude of their potential wrongdoing can be a lot worse. Whether Citadel or Robinhood conspired or not, which is another story, Robinhood's existing massive conflict of interest with Citadel accentuates their intent in making the decision to restrict those select stocks, causing market disruption.    Their rebuttal.   Robinhood might say they made their decision to protect their users from losses. But their users were ultimately badly damaged by this decision, most likely amounting to billions in damages as these stocks plummeted. And not only were their users affected but global shareholders of the targeted stocks were also badly affected. The fact that shareholders outside of users on their platform were damaged is a huge argument against that rebuttal and can make this a damning case. And their standing conflict of interest (and possible collusion) with Citadel is the nail in the coffin.    Note: I am not lawyer nor a legal professional. But we need to get the attention of people who are.    Hold strong brothers.
AMC IS THE NEW ONE BOYS FUCK ROBINHOOD
Everyone jump in AMC let’s pump this baby up there’s no need to fear think how far we got with GME!
We crashed the fidelity site
Can’t do anything or create a new account on fidelity right now. Guessing mass exodus from Robinhood
TED CRUZ HAS OUR BACKS
LONG LIVE GME!!!!!
Stick with it kids. The fun is just beginning.
WHEN WILL THINGS NORMALIZE
When will Robinhood stop this shit and when will prices go up? Asking from Europe. I am holding till the end (NOK and BB)
My experience with stonks so far.
Who had WSB uniting Congress on their 2021 bingo card?
Trade republic just locked GME AMC NOK and blackberry
Looking for advice
Just hopped on the train today, point me in the right direction.
Look at the volume!! It’s too low for retails balls of steel       HOLD
It’s been said here over and over again. They are using every dirty trick and then some more to scare us off. We came too far to let these degenerates manipulate us! WAIT FOR THE SQUEZE THIS IS NOT IT. That’s all and also what  is it stonks or stocks? I don’t know, I just like them  🏻‍♀️
Did they close out any of their short positions when the price of GME dipped?
Something HAS to be done...
So like???? They are giving the billionaires and the hedge people a chance to regain their losses in GME as it dropped almost $350 in an hour but what about us??? These shorts are going to be covered to save their ass and when theyre all out Robinhood is going to re open trading on GME. Unfair, lets kill them when we’re open again! BUY GME HOLD GME LETS DO THIS!
All 13 Delisted Companies should join in one BIG ASS lawsuit against RobinHood
The 13 companies (and counting) are listed below:
A bit late to the party, but Austria is here to help
Louis Rossman: Brokers MANIPULATING MARKET to save hedge fund billionaires & punish retail traders
GME short float went down from 140% on opening - 121% as of 12:10PM EST when RobinHood halted buying.
This has to be illegal?  Edit: Source Finbiz. I can't find the screenshot at 140% but I know I checkednit last night before I slept and this morning.  Edit 2:. GME short float   I'm on mobile so I can't do much.
Let's burn Robinhood to the ground while we are at it !!!!!!! Fuckkkkkkkkk!!!!
Fellow maniacs, what Robinhood has done today is worse than what Hedge Funds have been doing. When we are done with GME let's bury Robinhood deep into an abyss. Let's quit that shit of a company and use another exchange. They don't deserve us and I fucking know that we are all about ethics. Let's stick it up to them and whoever the fuck comes at us from here on. Fuckkkkkkkkk!!!!
My complaint to Robinhood, I am an adult and competent enough to invest my money on an open platform which is what I signed up for. Your not protecting me your protecting the billionaires.   I am not a financial advisor don't listen to me
I bought AMC on cash app at 0911 and it still has not postedband won't let me cancel.
Dunno if it's a glitch or they are starting the BS.
Small time players looking for belly rubs from their Hedge Fund masters, don't let them scare you
Where can we go next?
Interactive Brokers UK - Sue?
I know nothing and I am a retard. I am new to this. But fuck am I pissed about not being able to buy GME, BB or AMC right now. I'm a Brit-tard. Any other Brits seething and wondering if anything legal action can be taken on this?
A great idea - everyone contact your senator and house representative to get the legislature to put pressure on the SEC
Some have already spoken up on social medias.... Contact them and tell them what happened!
Yes, right now this sucks. Stick it to them by buying as soon as the restrictions are lifted! Buy the dip!
Hold strong, support keeps coming in bois
BREAKING: Class action complaint against @RobinhoodApp filed in the southern district of
Time to grow beyond Reddit
Hey retards,  I sent this to a few mods with no response so far so I figured I'd check the interest from you all. To be clear, I think the mods need to give the blessing for it given the hard work, blood, sweat, and tears they've put into this place.  I've been a long time subscriber to WSB (since about 200-250k subscribers I believe) and am personally very proud of the growth in intelligent plays that are coming out of such a democratized platform. I think the "Where do we go from here and who will step up to help us" post posed a very important question that was overran by people just being like "yay we're back", that being, "where do we go from here?" I think there is an incredible need to detach the ideas and tenets behind the sub from the infrastructure of Reddit and other big tech corps (who probably do not always have our best interests in mind).  Coupled with this thought, Chamath Palihapitiya said something very poignant today in his interview on CNBC along the lines of "Soon the complexity and ingenuity seen at the institutional level will be seen at the retail level". I think if a proposal was created for a standalone site that captures the democratized nature of WSB posts and discussion threads (perhaps with more structure separating topics than post flairs) coupled with information like the stats on zjz's  , alongside sentiment, momentum and other data we could find funding from someone like Chamath to make it happen (or fund it ourselves with our $GME gains). It could go even further in terms of allowing people to build indicators or screeners based on stats and posts to really capture the idea of providing retail a platform for developing complexity and ingenuity. Something to further democratize investment research and strategies and do so in a manner where we are not reliant on those who do not always have our best interests in mind.  I know the idea of breaking away has been tossed around before but now it feels necessary for survival.  Mods, thoughts? Retards, thoughts? Any other feature ideas?  Also fuck Robinhood, while we’re at it, new broker time.
They poked the bear.
Robinhood just pissed off a group of 4 million people. I have a strong feeling that this is just the beginning of making these fucks pay.
A class action is cheaper than what's happening now. They need to be jailed.
I truly believe they are being that any class action is cheaper than what would happen in a continued squeeze (not including the infinity squeeze). We need more than a class action. These people need to be jailed, otherwise they get away with this.
CashApp is letting me buy AMC
I love the movies
LET’S FUCKING GO

Remember, if the price remains like this they are fucked tomorrow.
HOLD DAMMIT!
Did I get in late?  You're damn right I did!  Did I buy the peak?  WE ALL GOTTA START SOMEWHERE!  Did I buy the dip?  LIKE I WANT TO BELONG!  Moon or bust my glorious autists!
BIPARTISAN SUPPORT OF ROBINHOOD INVESTIGATION
WE HAVEN'T EVEN BEGUN TO MOON
Is $SNDL gonna go to the moon???
Sign of the Beast. GME to the  !!
This is my GME position today-the line needs to be held and a point needs to be made. Do. Not. Sell. We can and are beating Wall St at its own game
Can we please have a serious discussion about positive steps we can take to remedy this? Please mods don’t delete
We have   subscribers here , sure we can have a meaningful discussion about steps or initiatives we can take to remedy this. I am by no means suggesting we dox! I am talking about positive , respectful  actions we initiate together  Edit: what about any specific reporter?  Edit 2: anyone got Elon’s digits?  Edit 3: Kanye, if you’re reading, I’m prepared to fashion you a   badge
Ted Cruz and AOC support us! #fraud #investigation
Public has halted $GME $KOSS & $AMC buying due to their clearing firm Apex.
Testimonial: Lifetime Vanguard buy and hold index investor.
I bought 4 shares of GME at nauseatingly high prices for a company that likely won't return a profit until 2023.  I expect to lose every dollar.  Diamond hands.  Make the hedge funds and shorts bleed.
D1 Capital has largest loss among hedge funds
"Dan Sundheim’s D1 Capital Partners, one of last year’s top-performing  hedge funds, lost about 20% this month through Wednesday, making it one  of the biggest victims yet to emerge as retail investors target hedge  funds’ favorite positions."  \-
This is a crime in its rooted definition
Looking for UK platform which allows real free trading. Trading212 has also banned buying GME, AMC etc
Trading 212 has also conceded to corruption and namned buying certain stocks to protect the interests of wall street elites. Whats another UK platform that isnt doing this?
We need a site that tracks Melvin Capital's losses in real time!
Nothing but gains around wsb these days.  I need to see some loss porn from Melvin.
How are you buying?
Robinhood is down and my Merrill Lynch Account won’t process order either. I tried so hard to buy on that dip. What are you using to buy that has instant transfer and allows me to buy GME? Thanks
SUITS want a historic fight we’ll give it to em!     ⭐️🪐💫😊😊😊😊😊😊 Perfect time to buy !!!
Do not sell!!!!! ROBINHOOD restriction does not mean to sell!!! HOLD HOLD!!!!     Do not sell!!!!! ROBINHOOD restriction does not mean to sell!!! HOLD HOLD!!!!     Do not sell!!!!! ROBINHOOD restriction does not mean to sell!!! HOLD  HOLD!!!!    They’re  platforms allowing for buys.
Hold hold HODOR
DO NOT SELL!!! Transfer your RobinHood account to another brokerage without paying taxes.
First off Don't Sell. Stonks go up.          Don't sell off all your shares in RobinHood and move the cash.  You have to pay taxes on all gains you made if you do that.  Instead follow these directions and move your account.    IT MAY FREEZE YOUR ACCOUNT. I'm planning to do this after the dust settles.  This is not financial advice  EDIT: Possible destinations.  I also have a fidelity account that's still able to buy. I've also seen Webull suggested, but can't comment on it further.
Theory of How / Why Citadel is bending Robinhood to their knees
Disclaimer:   This is not my idea, the  , from @mr_skilling on Twitter. Sharing because I think it should be heard here.    TLDR:    Citadel is corrupt and are left holding the bag so they are manipulating the market to keep the price low! HOLD!!!!!   > Thoughts on Citadel / Robinhood (looking for feedback):  > Citadel is the biggest market maker for Robinhood. They pay for the customer trades and act as a maker maker. They have the right of first refusal on taking the other side of those trades.  > IF, they took the other side of a lot of those options trades last week, the week prior, etc. before this massive move   market maker (Citadel) was unlikely to hedge (delta/gamma hedging needs to be continuous)  > Delta hedging is imperfect and if a stock goes parabolic, the market maker is the bagholder.  > So IF Citadel, and/or the other market makers were unable to maintain their hedges, they WOULD want/require the stock to get smoked before expiration.  > Thus, as one of the largest clients to IBKR and RH, they tell those businesses to “shut it down” and stop the buying. By stopping the demand for new buy orders, there is only one way for the stock to move (down).  > Citadel likely bought a stake in Melvin because they hoped that the infusion of capital would stop the “run on the bank” and their position as a market maker caught over their skis wouldn’t be known.  > Then they forced Melvin to cover the shorts and tell the public they did so, again, hoping to end the squeeze and save themselves. They (Citadel) NEEDED to end it by Friday because that’s when the options expired and they would have been shown as holding the bag.  > It’s definitely possible that this could be incorrect. Just sharing some sourced thoughts. Looking for feedback.  > Again, “free” trades aren’t free if they go through Citadel. This was a KNOWN risk. And it shouldn’t be surprising to see increased margin requirements and restrictions as this spiraled out of control.     > I think I’d add it looks like Citadel (and maybe P72 too) are willing to go through litigation/settlement which is cheaper to them than either bankruptcy or losing $  investment plus the losses in their long book if Melvin was liquidated.
Wtf
Can’t even open an account with any other trading app
The more they restrict us the smarter we become
If they want to restrict us from using all the apps for convenience the people will just learn how to get their own broker. They think they are putting us down but they are really just building us up.
(Via:   They say they're "committed to helping our customers navigate this uncertainty" and that they "believe everyone should have access to financial markets" but yet they deny us the use of the market??
Holding is about the survival of this new form of retail trading. Pussy out now and we’re done forever
If you don’t want to fucking hold your positions and the manipulation tactics are working on you, remember you’re telling the other side that at the end of the day , no matter what they do, they’ll end up winning. The game is rigged, has always been and we’re going to make it stop.   Don’t take part of the end of this new form of retail trading. This is not only about $GME but about every fucking stock you’ll ever mention here. Stay strong.   Position : 40 $GME @19
eToro not allowing to create positions in GME
ITS GOING BACK UP BOYS
Can't believe even IBKR caved on $GME
It's meant to be the adult / boomer choice. I expect the idiot friendly platforms to do idiotic things, but what the fuck happened?!
2021 y'all!
RH cancelled all $GME buys and it still     at open! Hedgefunds drop the price to sell what positions they could but once people open new accounts at Fidelity and overseas get involved, it is going to go
Just doubled down on BB and GME. WE ARENT SELLING U FUCKERS
HOLD THE LINE!!!
$GME GO TO THE 2 MOON EUROPE GANG WYA?!
Hey everyone, I just wanna say that I dont have enough money to invest, but i just dropped all of my gains from the past 2 months to GME to help support this great cause!!!!      STRAIGHT TO DA MOON, DADDY ELON TAKE US THERE!
YOU HEARD HIM!! SOPHISTICATED INVESTORS UNITE! TO THE MOON
If the stock will flop tomorrow (gme), we will lose trillions of dollars. How likely is it to happen?
I want an honest and a calculated answer, not a "ItLl ReAcH a 1000!!!!!" Because it won't. Let me know.
BOYS STICK TOGETHER 4 STOCKS BB NOK GME AMC WE GO GREEN BY END OF DAY. SHORTS COVER THEN WE SKY ROCKET TOMORROW !$!!!!!!!!!$$$!$!$!$!$!$!$!$$$$!$!$!$!$!!$!$!$!$!!
BOYS STICK TOGETHER 4 STOCKS BB NOK GME AMC     WE GO GREEN BY END OF DAY. SHORTS COVER THEN WE SKY ROCKET TOMORROW !$!!!!!!!!!$$$!$!$!$!$!$!$!$$$$!$!$!$!$!!$!$!$!$!!
eToro sets $GME to "close only" until further notice
PLEASE GET u/DEEPFUCKINGVALUE on CNBC! He has and can beautifully explain the value in GME and how with the massive overhaul of shorting on GME by the big guys on wallstreet can and will be taken advantage of!
HOLD ALL GME     BUY THE DIP AND HOLD   🏻
Robinhood is selling our shares in an attempt to regroup
I own a measly 25 shares of GME. I bought 10 at $95 and another 15 at $249. My average share price has been $195 for the last day and a half.  After Robinhood halted trading, they began selling peoples shares to try to recoup some of their money.    The reason I know this...  My average share price now is $      There is no other way possible for my average share price to drop without some manipulation on their end.   This is not necessarily a bad thing, but I wanted to draw attention to the fact.
Found ~19k in AMZN and shifted it to GME an hour ago. Still ahead compared to 6 mo ago Ride or die retards
basically this whole community
Processing img v5pkeh1ea4e61...
ROBINHOOD PLACING FREEZES AND SEIZING CAPITAL ON ACCOUNTS THEY SUSPECT OF MARKET MANIPULATION PER SEC ORDER - HOW CAN THIS BE LEGAL???
Can we PLEASE sticky a post for filed class actions against RH in each state so that autists know where to join?
Theyre popping up everywhere, and our beloved sped bus passengers are going to need to know where to join in their state. All we need to do is post the docket numbers, if you have the docket you can see the Plaintiffs attorney and contact them to join.   Dockets are public info and theres nothing improper about sharing and listing them.   Disclosure: I’m an attorney. I’m not soliciting business here though, but this needs to be streamlined for us to get our pounds of flesh.   In the meantime: HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD
WE NEED TO REVOLT
If mfs stormed the capitol over a guy with orange skin losing an election then we can protest the government stealing our very money. Don't be fooled by the political bs over the past few weeks, THIS is the real tyranny that the government wants to hide from us. Obviously it's too late now to hide, EVERYONE is pissed and I mean EVERYONE from what i've seen on social media, now we need to TAKE ACTION
KEN GRIFFIN 📉 SHOULD LOSE ALL HIS MONEY
This is what the VW Squeeze looked like in 2008. DON'T PANIC. GME NOK BB AMC Doesn't matter what you have. HOLD THE LINES!
The hedge funds will continue to try to   the price through short down ladders, MSM vitriol, and other tactics. Clearly, we have rattled them because they are calling all their brokerage buddies to try to shut us down by only allowing us to sell our shares. The second you sell, you lose your leverage and any chance of seeing what happens after the reckoning. HOLD THE LINES!
Anyone been forced into a 100% margin call because they're holding GME??? Fuck Robinhood.
Just read an article on marketwatch that says Robinhood is doing a margin call to 100% on anyone holding GME through margin. Wondering if any of you morons bought on margin...
WE SEE U PEOPLE SELLING $GME. STOP IT - HOLD!!!
I was able to buy
TD Ameritrade allowed me to buy. I can only really afford 2 but I will hold no matter what the price does.
REDDIT MIGHT BE SUPRESSING US - Today's Top Growing Communities does not include WSB at all
I noticed that Reddit's Top Growing Communities for Today doesn't even have WSB on it. Or, ANY investing related sub until r/investing at #32 as of writing this. This is just flat out WRONG. We know the influx of users that have subbed within the last week, hell even two days.      Compare that with a site like frontpagemetrics and you see a very different situation.       Processing img 8j1njlxh94e61...   Reddit apparently wants the stonks, investment, market manipulation, etc conversation to stop. They don't want to bring attention to it and to us. They want us to stop and I would bet they are looking for reasons to shut us down or, limit our reach to other Redditors (not that that is necessarily our goal). I don't know what else to say, I'm just a really dumb guy (gotta be pc friendly of course) who noticed this and thought it might be worth bringing up.
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK FILES FEDERAL CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT AGAINST ROBINHOOD
THIS IS HUGE BOYS     TO THE MOON AND BEYOND WHILE ROBINHOOD GETS FUCKED
This is the single most important movement I have ever been a part of in my 22 years of living.
I may not have been on this sub long, nor have enough money to make big boy trades, but these past months have made me so proud to be a part of a community like this one. Im holding everything I have other than rent money in the few stocks I have been able to support. Thank you fellow retards   Fuck the corruption, hang in there guys.
iRobot is in a very interesting position
Talk about another opportunity. It's still live on Robinhood, has lots of short interest and fits all the items on the checklist for a company that will skyrocket once the shorts expire.
Where can I move my little shares to and buy the dip? And how do I do it
Me, holding 4 shares of GME.
They messed us up in 2008 and they did it again with even dirtier trick but we CANNOT let them get away this time
Tackle market volatility my ass. As can be evidently seen, stripping the buying right of investors did not tackle market volatility. There are retail investors who were forced to liquidate their position effectively causing the inverse of short squeeze. They were unscrupulous enough to over-shorted GME with no hedging and now retail investors had to suffer from blatant market manipulation.  They messed us up in 2008 and now they messed us up again with even dirtier tricks.  I am not selling a single share even if I am losing money and we should start formulating strategies to make sure justice is serve this time and it won't ever happen again so no more innocent people have to suffered from the dirty wall street manipulation.
Robinhood comes out with a statement from today and ends with this: "We fundamentally believe that everyone should have access to financial markets." No you fucking don't
Is tomorrow the end for $GME?
I understand Melvin shorted hard this week, causing the insane boom. However, what’s the plan for next week? Is the surge for $GME done? Are there future $GME short positions we still pwn? Do we attack another short position?
This is beyond fucked
Time for black hole 🕳️ hands. Not even light can escape.
I didn't think it would happen, but here we are and now we need to start thinking about how we need to make traitor hood and the rest of the wall street kingdom pay. We become the shadow in the night. We become the thing they fear. We take from them now.  Sit back right now and see that this is really 8x10 to the 26 power go right now, and we need to clear the table and roll over it with our match box cars because we like the checker board pattern. Screw diamond   hands right now.  Right now, I've got mf black hole 🕳️ hands and not even light 🕯️ can escape that shit. My mk elon musk hyper 8 stage rocket   is going to get me to alpha centari where there's actually a free market. Who knew the ferengi were the most based out there? Now I know.  But back to the matter at hand. Time for a grey war that will have the hedge fund managers and corrupt systems need to take a third mortgage on their 5 foot boat 🚢 because they can't afford a cup of ramen 🍜. So how do we do it while banging our hot significant hookup while we travel the stars to see the intergalactic opening of a game stop in alpha minor?  Easy. Black hole 🕳️ hands, and war. War like they never seen. Duck and weave hit them in every avenue. Fine. They blocked buying one stock? We find another. And another. We go in there and crush. Soon they will need to block a different one, until they realize we can't be stopped. It's too late the wave of .99s really just did put them on the streets.  That's my take.
GME SET TO CLOSE ONLY ON eToro. HOLD OUR POSITION, dont'get scared
Processing img zz3nntd6a4e61...
Nok big pp
Bloomberg attacking DFV yesterday 🤣
These cucklords think they can fly under the radar put them on blast boys
Leon Cooperman, the billionaire investor, says that we shouldn't be allowed to make more than 2-3% in the stock market.
Asking for a friend, is this legal?
Best crossover of the year
BREAKING : CITADEL WENT SHORT GME TOLD, THEN TOLD RH TO STOP TRADING   Source: Founder of Twitch ⚠⚠⚠⚠⚠⚠
Calling UK based Autists - Contact the Good Law Project in respect of Trading 212's buying restrictions
Complaints filed with FINRA, SEC, FSC, State AG and State Congress
I decided last night I will write off any loss for GME but I refuse not to take a stand for this egregious behavior.  Any ROI at this point is ancillary to being systemically boxed out of wealth and opportunity.   Principals and sticking to them often require personal sacrifice unfortunately.      Live in your truth and be steadfast in your convictions. - Nadia Lopez
German twitter trends are interesting. Only 2 trends not related to GME
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE GME MEGA THREAD?
Mega Thread seems to have vanished? Only see the old one that is locked and not updating.
Some loss porn, but I’m still holding the lines FUCK ROBINHOOD and FUCK THE HEDGE FUND BOOMERS   =
This is illegal right???????
WHEN AOC, DON JR, AND BEN SHAPRIO AGREE ON SOMETHING, YOU KNOW ITS REAL FUCKED UP
This is class warfare. SO LET'S SHOW THEM WHAT OUR HANDS OUR MADE OF
HOLD THE LINE!
STONKS ARENT ALWAYS ON TIME!
so begins the great migration
WeBull folding under pressure. What is plan C?
r/wallstreetbets has had more of an impact in 1 month than Occupy Wall Street did their entire existence.
All they did was dirty up a park. You guys are changing the world.
XQC ONE OF US ONE OF US
K heard you can still buy amc but from where fidelity cash app trying to get in on this and not miss out like gme
THEY HAVE BLOCKED GME, BB, NOK AND AMC IN GERMANY TOO BUT IT DOESNT MATTER. WE FUCKING BOUGHT ENOUGH TO WIPE OUR CUM STAINS ON OUR LAMBOS AFTER WE ARE FINISHED WITH CITADEL AND MELVIN CAPITAL
FUCK ROBINHOOD, FUCK TRADING212 AND FUCK TRADE REPUBLIC. WE WILL FUCKING WIN IN THE END.
How this attack might help their long game plan of avoiding the squeeze...
This is clearly an attack against the retail investors, but everything they have done, and will do, is to avoid the squeeze. Any autists out there with wrinkly enough brains to figure this out? My smooth brain retard ideas:  1. They took out calls at 500 and made a killing to mitigate loss - squeeze happens so we still get paid. This wouldn't work with retail involved because we'd buy the sale. 2. They are buying up paper hands shares to close positions - they do that enough times they might eventually be able to close all positions - many more of these days but no squeeze. 3. The short latter itself helps? If they buy and sell the same stock to each other multiple times are they able to close their positions? I don't really understand how that could be possible but is it the same principle to become over 100% shorted? And if retail were buying it wouldn't work?  127 shares gme @ $47 wearing   🥊 over my    .
LONGTIME LURKER. AFTER THE ROBINHOOD BULLSHIT, FUCK THESE GUYS. I can afford a loss on this if that's what it takes. If everyone on the sidelines watching this play out buys just one share we can help fight the good fight. It ain't much, but I'm in. Yall are doing the lords work.
AMC/GME BANKRUPT FUNDS
I will no longer sell my shares in AMC To everyone thinking of selling: Unless you will be unable to pay rent or bills, in which case you shouldn’t have invested in the first place, DO NOT SELL  The 1% need something from us  They need our shares A share’s price is determined by how much people want to sell it for and how much they are willing to buy  it for. Right now the short sellers are in a unique predicament- THEY HAVE NO CHOICE BUT TO BUY HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF SHARES. They are losing money. They can lose an infinite amount of money. If these shares continue to rise, short sellers can lose millions, billions, tens of billions... it it theoretically possible for the closing of their short position to cost more than all the cash they have in total.  They don’t get to decide what price is fair, they have to buy at whatever cost. We have the power, we get to decide the price we give them our shares at   AMC 100$ GME 1000$ Our tax dollars are bailing them out when they go bankrupt anyways. Let’s do it  DISCLAIMER Not a financial advisor, not financial advise, this post contains forward looking statements not guaranteed by anyone, invest at your own risk
AOC and Ted Cruz are on the same page about Robinhood fucking up. Hell has frozen over. Buckle up boys and RIP Robinhood.
Leaving Robinhood
You think with over 4 million people it would be a big enough statement if we all left Robinhood?   Just food for thought
DONT FOOKIN SELL
I bought in today on the DIP stay strong brothers. Fuck the hedges.         Together STRONG.  Edit: Not a financial adviser. Hello SEC overlords please investigate Robin Hood.
Trade Republic just sent me an email
They are out   They blocked it all and covered it with nice words   This is manipulation nothing short
TED CRUZ AND AOC UNITE TO DESTROY MELVIN AND FUNDS,   TO PLUTO
Thoughts
No independent media + no free speech + no free market = no democracy.   I’d say sell everything and crash the market into the ground. Let the hedge managers grapple with that
Lol
“The people” have finally figured it out. What ‘they’ don’t want us to know is that they pull ALL the strings. When we have AOC and DTJr on our side, it just shows what they have done to this country! They don’t just manipulate the market, they manipulate our minds. They let us bicker back and forth about food s  and people that live off the system. THEY control the system, and they fully benefit from all of it.
YOU CAN STILL BUY AMC ON CASHAPP
Please check it out if you are interested. They won’t win, we will. #HOLD!!!
MY POSITIONS TODAY ARE THE EPITOME OF FUCK WALLSTREET.... HOLD YOU MOTHERFUCKERS
Just bought $AMC on TDAmeritrade
Also... BUY AND HOLD $SNDL
Trade Republic in Germany just halted buying for GME, AMC and BB
Just came in via Email...
STOP HARASSING INNOCENT HEDGE FUND MANAGERS
HOLD GME. BUY AMC. AMC IS IN FULL PLAY
MOON THE FUCK OUT OF AMC. EASILY ACCESSIBLE ON CASHAPP. HOLD GME. THEY WONT WIN.
TRADE REPUBLIC stops buying of GME AMC!!
JAGX?
Finding it a bit odd that JAGX has sunk last two days when their merger news was projected to be a positive for long term projections. It’s still well below target price of $5, which it’s a far cry from the $2,000 per share it traded at in 2016. Probably won’t see that number again, but I’m feeling like it should still be a good long term hold. Thoughts? Am I missing something? I only recently started buying little bits of stock around April, so I’m by no means an expert. Would love any additional insight.
LISTEN UP FOR $GME
If you want to buy GME before we rise again, it is available on TD Ameritrade. Good luck tards    Positions: 35 $GME
I am so suspicious with the replies and chats coming in.
> Hi! My name is Anne and I have invested 30k into these trades and I’m down by 9k or so. Please explain to me how this is going to work? Why keep holding on snd not just cut losses? How is it that we will make money on our shares during the short squeeze? Need someone to explain it to me in clear  - /u/Tangerine1972  Is it just me or does this sound like a news outlet fishing for someone to pin liabilities on?   We can not give you financial advise.   As for why I am holding and not selling?   1. Over 100% short interest  2. Funds trying to ruin companies by shorting their stocks into oblivion.  3. Brokers have taken our ability to buy new shares. I can not buy the dip. Then I feel orchestrated a sell off to lower the prices.  4. This is about us now. Too long have we crept in the shadows afraid of being wiped out. Hedge funds have too much power.   I’m not selling for less than $100,000 because I could not buy the $128 dip from $490 premarket. This is about the cause not about personal gains. Burn it to $  I don’t care. I’ll continue living pay check to paycheck.   Show us how dirty of a game you play. Maybe then no one will trust the stock market, and you won’t have a game to play. News outlets specially called it a game when talking to Chamath. It’s not supposed to be a game and now that we are winning for once, you take away our free market purchase abilities.
Stay on Robinhood! (Read more)
If we all stay on Robinhood, once they IPO we can short their stock, THEN leave. They loose a bunch of users, stock tanks, we f them like they did to us today.
Dear Robinhood
SEC Investor Complaint Form
I know a lot of us, including myself, have invested and/or were going to invest more into GME and others, only for RobinHood to delist GME and other stocks from the app all together.  Here is a form where you can formally complain to the SEC for any opportunity loss caused by cutoff from a normal function of trading. It costs nothing, only your worthless time.
CAN'T WAIT TO SEE WHICH BROKERAGE COMES OUT ON TOP AFTER THIS
There are more short squeezes to be made. Lots of greedy naked short options out there on lots of companies. I'm sure GME won't be the last one ! Once the dust settles I'll know which brokerage to move to for other short squeeze runs ! One that won't stop me from buying stocks !
You can buy GME on Schwab!!!
Just got 3 shares at $212. To the moon
Why did Robinhood block Sundial Growers?
They have less than a dollar's worth of stock value and are just a small Canadian Weed business that had a small increase, but they blocked sales because of "Market Variability." Can we invest in that to help a small business and fuck Robinhood in the ass? It makes no sense.
A little bit of love for a $100k YOLO that isn't GME?
Today GME, Tomorrow the Ballot Box
Eventually the dust will settle on GME and when that time comes we cannot go back to business as usual on this subreddit. Yes, we can all go ahead and post ridiculous memes and share ridiculous amounts of loss (or gain) porn. This is after all, just a place to have fun and share stories.   But we can never forget what has happened this week. After a year of making billions of dollars due to market inefficiencies and volatility during a national pandemic, brokerages and hedge funds came together to screw over retail investors. By blatantly prohibiting their users from searching or buying stocks while continuing to allow sell orders to process, brokerages like Robinhood have proven that we were never ultimately the customer, only the product.   We cannot forget that powerful institutions across tech, the media, and finance have come together overnight to blatantly screw over retail customers. It’s a big club and we ain’t in it.   There are 4.7million people on this subreddit FOUR POINT SEVEN MILLION. The majority of them are Americans in a country where national elections can be decided by 500 votes. I don’t want your memes. I don’t want your stock picks. I want every single person in here to think about today the next time they fill out a ballot.   If today every single person on this subreddit gave $1 we could form a SuperPAC that would be able to get a meeting with any member of congress TOMORROW. Hell we could spend it all on a billboard outside the SEC asking them to do their job and investigate Melvin Capitol.   At the end of day, the media will always see this subreddit as a rude aberration on an otherwise perfect financial market made up of wealthy astute professionals. Until we start making over voice heard outside of a subreddit we will be continued to be mocked, ridiculed, and ignored.   See you at the ballot box.
USE THIS DIP TO YOUR ADVANTAGE, USE THEIR ATTACK AGAINST THEM!! BUY MORE GME DURING THIS DIP, GME WILL GO UP TO 500 BY TOMORROW!!! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED, NOW ITS YOUR TIME!!
BROKERS RESTRICTED GME BECAUSE OF THE INSANE VOLUME WHICH KEPT CRASHING THEIR SERVERS, THEY WILL GO BACK ON RH AND OTHER BROKERS WHEN THEY GET THEIR SERVERS BACK TO NORMAL, ONCE THEY DO THE STOCK WILL SKYROCKET SO BUY NOW THAT ITS LOW Big brain plays
[Trade Republic] They must not win!
HOLD!!
TradeRepublic just confirmed that they are intentionally blocking these stocks because the fluctuations are "too risky" for it's users. Are you kidding me!?
Can any lawyers have on here explain what’s happening from a legal prospective?
Thanks for ignoring the phone autocorrect in the title. Fucking phones amiright
What we are now seeing is basicly the unionization of small-time investors against institutionalized investors.
So where can I buy gme now webull also blocking me ?
Lady's and Gentlemen we have lift-off!!!!!!!
BB
“Please help us newbies”
SHUT THE FUCK UP AND EITHER GO BACK TO STARBUCKS OR READ A BOOK. The amount of retarded advice posts is insane. Either YOLO ur money into AAPL FD’s or just fucking leave. Read a book, go to fucking investopedia, go to r/finance and bother them. This is fucking WALLSTREETBETS.  TL;DR GO TO FUCKING INVESTOPEDIA OR PTFO
Robinhood class action lawsuit just filed
Class action lawsuit against Robinhood just filed from NYC  Edit: below I attached source
New Zealand joining the table
OK THATS IT! New Zealand joining the table! I'm putting a grand in for BB and a grand on Nakd!  This IS REDDIT!
HOLD!!
BUY THE DIP YOU FOOLS     SHORTS ARE STILL OUT THERE
They are kind enough to get the stonks low for you cowards to buy in! Get on before we go, losers!
ETRADE STILL TRADING
just got nakd there niceeeeeeeeeeeeee
Give me more baby. More! HOLD AND WATCH THE GAINS GROW.
There never was a free market
We have been told that we live in free market capitalism where everyone has the same chances. However now we see that the rich and powerful will continue to exploit us and will use government, media, and other tools to do so. As soon as the people get some power and threaten the rich we get shut down, banned, and are unable to buy stocks. This is more than GME, so many of us have become class conscious, and we need to further this to create a stock market that works for the masses and not the ruling class on billionaires. In other words, DO NOT SELL GME. POWER TO THE PLAYERS
Robinhood actively hiding stocks from searches
Fuck RH, moved to Webull, doing the Gentleman's Short SLV
🚨AirCanada $ACDVF  🌕 ALL IN 🚨
🐂 BUY $ACDVF  💰ALL IN FUC < BILL GATES  🛫AIR CANADA TRADES OVER THE COUNTER   ⛔️TRADES CANNOT BE BLOCKED BY THE SUITS  ✅HOLD SWAY  🤚 🤚 🤚  🪦RIP SHORT SELLERS  🏁 WIN
$SNDL to   before close?
Can we make it happen?
Delta 9 (TSX $DN) ~5-8% short term opportunities
TL;DR      Delta 9 Cannabis   is a Canadian producer, cultivator and retailer. They have been trading on the TSX between $  - $  CAD over the last few months with a pattern of dips and rises in stock price of ~5-8%. The trade volume is relatively low. I have been buying in around $  and seeing 5% returns in a few weeks, selling and waiting to buy the dip again. Prior to the pandemic. And since. In the Spring, the price dropped around the $  mark. This isn't a huge play nor a long term buy. But its a quick 5% turn around. As of today, $DN is at $     Background   Delta 9 is one of Canada's oldest regulated grower. Prior to legalization, they held a growing license through Health Canada for Medical Cannabis in March 2014. These guys have been players in the game years before pot stocks were even on our radar.   On December 4, 2019, Health Canada amended their Cannabis license to allow the Company to sell cannabis oils, extracts and derivative products in addition to the previously granted license for standard cultivation and license for sale for medical purposes. On February 16, 2018, the Manitoba government had awarded a license to legally retail recreational cannabis in the province to a consortium consisting of the Company and Canopy Growth Corporation. Recreational cannabis was legalized on October 17, 2018.    Current/Recent Production and Future Growth   Like I said, I'm not touting this as a long term hold just yet. But its worth noting they look promising.  In Spring 2020. Delta 9 continued to invest inwards and increased its growing capacity to 25,000kg/year. (    Its market footprint is still relatively small compared to the other players in the game. Hence the stock price.     Phase II Expansion    The Company is now working to expand its Health Canada licensed cannabis production perimeter to include additional buildings at its licensed production facility in Winnipeg, Manitoba (the “Delta Facility”) which will bring the total licensed square footage to approximately 135,000 square feet, from 80,000 square feet currently licensed by Health Canada. The Company anticipates there will be no cost to this licensed area expansion  Of note, they paused the expansion when COVID hit to focus on their current production capabilities.   Delta 9 received approval from Health Canada for sales of cannabis oil products. They have already completed production of several initial batches of its “Odyssey” and “Oasis” lines of ingestible oils and will proceed with sales of these products in the medical and recreational use cannabis markets.      Pre-Rolls    In June this year they launched the “Bliss” line of pre-rolled cannabis products, which consist of blended cannabis flower, rolled in a cigarette format, or “joint”, for sale in the medical and recreational use cannabis markets. To date the Company has produced and sold over 75,000 cannabis pre-rolls.   “It is management’s belief that these products will become an increasingly important component of the medical and recreational use cannabis markets in the future.” said John Arbuthnot, Chief Executive Officer of Delta 9. “A continually expanding line of high-quality cannabis products is a major goal for the Company over this year and this is the first of what we hope are several milestones in our progress.”      Products for Future Development    Nanosphere Evolve Products Delta 9 has acquired an exclusive license in Canada to manufacture and sell products made with the patented technology of Nanosphere Health Sciences Inc. (“NanoSphere”) for the delivery of cannabinoids via nanoparticle technology. The two companies are in the process of developing the first product for Canada; an intraoral cannabis oil containing cannabinoid nanoparticles.   The NanoSphere delivery system for cannabis works by nano-encapsulating active ingredients in phospholipid membranes for transportation through the skin and mucosa into the bloodstream within minutes. Cannabis applications of the technology include transdermal viscous gels, intranasal products and intraoral products, all of which provide rapid results, precise dosages and high bioavailability. The NanoSphere delivery system of cannabis can eliminate the need for inhalation or ingestion of cannabis, offering users a potentially safer and more effective method of consumption.      Dried Sift Cannabis    The Company is currently developing its “Sapphire” line of dried sift cannabis products for the recreational cannabis market which involves sifting the Company’s blended products and refining them, leaving more of the high potency resin glands and less of the low potency plant material. The final product is a yellow/brownish powder and has a potency that is up to triple that of the whole flower dried cannabis materials. The Company plans to release dried sift products in the recreational cannabis market in the third quarter of 2019. Management expects that retail pricing for these products will be up to $30 per gram.   Oils, Extracts, and Derivative Products The Company continues to develop and expand its in-house oils production capacity and is working with partners regarding its strategy for new cannabis extracts and derivative products once the federal government finalizes its expanded extract regulations, which are expected to become effective in 2019.  (These were updated and expanded in June 2019.
IT IS OVER
We put GameStop in an artificial bubble and it's popping guys. BUT, we can make EVEN MORE MONEY AND BECOME RICH! Let's find a new stock to use our ungodly power to inflate artificially just like we did GameStop.   any suggestions?
RH restricted list
$AAL, $AMC, $BB, $BBBY, $CTRM, $EXPR, $GME, $KOSS, $NAKD, $NOK, $SNDL, $TR, and $TRVG    $MT  edit: added $MT
Canadians. Stock is on sale. Do your part
fellow stonk lovers. Firstly, let's thank Wealthsimple for not being such a massive fucking pussy as to involve themselves in blatant market manipulation and hold the line.     till every hedge fund is bankrupt
Thoughts on Gevo Inc - GEVO, medium-term in 2021/2022?
They seem to be expanding and just raised a nice sum to grow without debt earlier this week.   >In an update this morning, Gevo said  that it expected to produce 45 million gallons of gasoline and jet fuel  per year from its Net-Zero 1 plant in South Dakota, all of which will  have a "net zero" greenhouse gas footprint.  It also expects the plant  to produce 350 million pounds of high protein animal feed annually. That  volume of fuel would be worth approximately $100 million a year, while  the animal feed is likely worth less than that.   >   >Gevo also said the preliminary capital cost estimates for Net-Zero 1 were in the range of $700 million to $800 million.    >   >The company now has $535 million in cash and virtually no debt  following a stock sale that closed earlier this week, and it said it  would be able to fund 100% of the equity investment for Net-Zero 1.
WHO IS THIS PAPER HANDS ASS
We need to change the meaning of the word
Retard. I've never used the word retard more in my life until I joined your ranks and realized what I truly am. My best friend's brother has level 3 Autism, he's my age, we all grew up together so he's like a brother to me. Honestly, jumping in with you guys has made me feel more retarded than him, but not all mentally challenged people are retarded, we need to make it ours. We aren't degenerates bashing people like the media is labeling, we're just some hungry fuckin retards who wanna eat some tendies.  Maybe we could try to bring back porch monkey, too?
I got scared when the Robbin'hood dropped GME and sold. I feel like shit. Don't be like me.
It was an impulse. I tried to cancel the order 10+ times but they wouldn't let me. Now my funds are tied up so I couldn't buy using a different route even if I wanted to.  I'm a freshly minted retard like many others and wish I could be holding with you brothers. Even though I profited a few hundred bucks it feels like dogshit.   Don't make my mistake.   Don't be scared. Fuck them. Fuck Robinhood. HOLD FAST.  This is not financial advice.
F in the chat
I’m going to have a heart attack lol
But I’m holding GME
I stand with Robinhood
Did people really think they could collude together, to manipulate the stock market and screw over thousands, and not expect there to be a reaction? Did people think they could just do whatever they wanted?  This craze is destroying the financial ecosystem. Robinhood was correct to limit sales. A lot of folks who were caught up in the craze are not aware of the risks. We need to protect people from themselves, especially with folks new to the stock market.   So yes, I stand with and support Robinhood.
DROP IT AGAIN I DARE YOU (tiny yolo)
Are you too no longer able to search for GME, AMC, BB?
I went to type Gamestop or GME into Robinhood and a blank page lay before my eyes...   Trying to hide behind the curtains as the theater burns down!!
In case you missed the Events with GME and Robinhood...
AOC adding some wood to the fire!
'twas but a dip!           HOLD ON, WE ARE ONLY ABOUT TO TAKEOFF!
Bought some more GME while it was on sale.
EXERCISE SHARES TOMORROW
Exercise shares Tomorrow close your phone tonight after hours might be a blood bath since they aren’t letting us participate in this. They don’t realize we have support from various Dark Pools (places you can buy and sell without being seen) . The squeeze is happening slowly but it will happen HOLD THE FUCKING LINE  if your scared for your options click exercise and you get shares less movement and volatility
How Long We Holding?
I’m down for forever, but what r you guys thinking?  Edit: ‘Till death it is
Fidelity is   due to a flood of people looking to buy GME...
CASHAPP ALLOWING AMC PURCHASE
El stupidos, if you have cashapp you can purchase AMC, at least. Haven’t seen GME available tho.
#CancelRobinhood should be trending on Twitter
It's more than just Robinhood. Apex Clearing is blocking trades on GME, AMC, and KOSS.
Don’t PANIC! I love the smell of a class action lawsuit in the morning 🧐
All on the dog c0in F Robinghood
Someone pls give CLEAR instructions for WHAT TO DO for all us NEWBS?
There are literally MILLIONS of new people in this sub, and ALL of us are CONFUSED AF but we want to help! I know we need to HOLD  HOLD  HOLD, and goddammit I'm holding as hard as I fucking can, but we need   INSTRUCTIONS  .     I bought $800 of GME, AMC, and BB this morning, right before Robinhood fucked us. Yeah yeah, I know a market buy was dumb, but idk how to do all this call/limit/stop bs. SO...  ...  can someone explain that shit?   How do I set up a proper buy for when Robinhood opens back up? Where should I set up another account to buy on? How do I know when to sell (obviously not for a while yet) and how do I set up the sell order properly??  Thanks b I luv you all. I'm riding this bitch to the moon with u
GME Megathread. Round 2. FIGHT!
WE LIKE THE USERS
It’s pumpin again, don’t miss your chance!
Round 2: $SLV Short Squeeze
Lots of posts why SLV is the next great short squeeze. This time, we’re challenging the big banks. AUTISTS ASSEMBLE  Long SLV and SLV Calls. Lots of great DD posts on WSB as to why it will work.  Positions:  SLV shares and adding to Feb/March/April calls in and out of the money.   Note: Buying Silver miner stocks (ex: AG) won’t put pressure on the spot price of silver. We have to buy SLV as it is backed by physical Silver. If we get physical delivery of our silver, we will put even MORE pressure on the banks to cover. LETS GOOOOOOOOO
DD: Robinhood IPO, a case study in stonks go down 📉📉📉📉
Hey all you degenerates, just doing some DD on this upcoming IPO that this company Robinhood is speculated to be doing in Q2 of 2021. Goldman Sachs is running the IPO which may end up being north of $20B. Not sure if you are familiar Robinhood, but I think it could be an interesting name to get into, especially after the IPO, but on the short side. Robinhood has a unique business model where they not only sell their customers data to 3rd parties, but also allow those 3rd parties to dictate the functionality of the platform and the rules that the customers must abide by. This seems totally untenable to me, as I can't imagine their customers will enjoy finding out they can be made a bitch twice over, especially when there are alternatives to Robinhood. The ethical thing to do in this case is to short the name post IPO, so as to reallocate capital in the markets to companies that love their customers. My 2-month post-IPO price target is $ , which I calculated by taking their IPO price and subtracting 100% of that price. 📉🥌🖕
So very important question
So all this talk about game stop and AMC makes me wonder how the average man has the ability to effect the market and stuff. Should I get involved in the stock market and stuff. I always thought you needed to be a mega wealthy aristocrat to offered but maybe I was wrong. All im asking is. Should I even get involved with this like with apps like robbin hood. And if I do how risky is this ?
WSB is better than LSD
TO THE MOON
Can't invest in gamestop? Hold your GME tight and check this out.
Kerrisdale capital (another form known for releasing hit piece after initiating short positions) is short in some risky positions. The total value of their funds looks to be between $500M and $1b, with about half of their positions short according to their website.   PLUG 30% short, higher volume, 2 days to cover. Tradeable on on robinhood  Tucows 12% of float short, 25+ days to cover, (low volume low float. Easy to move the needle) 65% institutional investor, on robinhood  FUBO 63% short, on robinhood.
Cant wait what happens when the gme ban is lifted off RH
They agitated the fuck out of everyone inside and outside WSB i believe its going to moon like we havent seen before
They're forcing you to the door, telling you to leave. BUT, YOU'RE THE ONE THAT CHOOSES TO WALK OUT!
This isn't financial advice.  If you're trading emotionally, than you shouldn't be trading.   I imagine a lot of that been shaken out. They succeeded, but not for free. They think they knew the price of their actions, but they underestimate the resolve of the average joe!  Those who haven't sold yet have no reason to now! They showed their hand. This is their last desperate attempt to make you fold and cover their naked, hairy asses. When you can, where you can, if you like the stock, then buy!  The numbers don't lie. These bullies, with their naked positions, will have to cover.
How do I transfer my financial assets out of Robinhood?
In light of the recent happenings, I would like to look into moving my financial assets out of Robinhood and into a new brokerage account. How do I go about this? Any recommendations? Thanks in advance!  Edit: Don’t worry everyone I’m not planning on selling! I just want to know how to go about changing to a new broker when the time is right
Thanks
to the people who bought stocks and are making billionaires quiver . Thank you . We need to end the cycle . We all should be able to do this regularly and not just hedge fund managers . I know there’s a lot more to it then that . But I’m proud here and I hope you guys made some decent money .  This is why our world is controlled by the rich , and why aliens won’t reach out .  Anyways just here to praise y’all and now I’m learning from you ! Any tips to just getting started would be awesome in the stock world !
FLY ME TO THE MOON
PUMP IT DONT DUMP IT     HOLD THE LINE
Chamath CNBC Full Interview (Mirror)
Liquidation Breaks STRENGTHEN the market!
There are many algos and short-term traders riding the GME train. The more and faster a stock goes up, the more of these you get piling in.  These types of momentum traders will sell at the first sign of trouble. But if the people they're selling to are longer-term DIAMOND HANDS traders    , then what you have in effect is a ROTATION from paper hands to diamond hands.  This is why liquidation breaks can STRENGTHEN stocks and the reason you shouldn't panic when you see declines in prices.  Also keep in mind that we don't necessarily need to maintain bullish uptrends, even just holding at elevated prices is bullish.  You should also know that VOLUME is needed to confirm price action. It's not hard to get large price swings when volume is low.  HOLD THE LINE!
AOC HELP 🗣🗣
I am also retard, where do I buy GME? I’ve heard RH and 212 have stopped access
ROBINHOOD (2021) - Teaser Trailer
Some reassurance for those who are holding from high priced positions!! Do not sell! The price action is still very much in our favor!!
I want everyone to look at the minute or 5 minute charts for GME, AMC, NAKD, etc from the minute all of this collusion, market manipulation, and just plain corrupt bad faith nonsense was thrown into our face by billionaires who can't take the L like just and ethical grownups.  THE PRICE ACTION IS STILL OVERWHELMINGLY IN AN UPWARD TRAJECTORY. All they have managed to do is flatten out the squeeze, however until every one of those shorts closes out their position, they still continue to be guaranteed buyers. They are desperately clawing for an out and they will take it ASAP.  bUt WHAt about THe fUNdAmeNTALs???  Only the dumbest motherfucker who should never touch a trading terminal would ever utter such moronic nonsense in the middle of a short squeeze. We all know perfectly well by very definition that a short squeeze acts in complete defiance of any fundamental analysis of a company. These dumb fucks who got caught with their hands in the cookie jar are now trying to tell us that the cookies were never even there in the first place. DO NOT FUCKING SELL!! THE SHORT BILLIONAIRES ARE STILL BEING SQUEEZED WELL ABOVE THEIR COST BASIS.  Take screenshots of everything, gather evidence for this collusion and market manipulation in a direct fuck you to the every day people the likes of which we've never seen. If there is any justice in the world, those assholes who think themselves oligarchs will see every transaction, email, and correspondence theyve had in the past several months laid bare to public eyes. Until then, THIS IS NOT OVER, WE HOLD ON IN HELMS DEEP!!!     EDIT:  And let me make something perfectly clear. I am not a financial advisor. Here is what skin I have in the game for the sake of transparency. I am up on GME and down on AMC at essentially a breakeven. I could easily sell now and be completely unscathed. I'm not fucking doing that. Do you know why? Because my risk tolerance on the few thousand dollars I threw at this thing is literally higher than If I were in vegas. I would literally rather see all of that money disappear than pull it out now. I'm either sailing this ship into valhalla or going down with it.  Do you know what the risk tolerance is for Melvin Capital, Citron, Citadel, etc is? Extremely low. Those fucking morons stand lose money for a bunch of billionaires and millionaires, lose their entire elevated status that they've enjoyed for years, lose their rights to trade with the privileges that they enjoy; and yet with that very clear motivation that they should have sensible risk tolerance, they leveraged themselves 10:1 into a short borrowing a stock into 140% of the float. Those morons are on the low ground in this duel, not us. WE ARE NOT FUCKING SELLING AND THEY ARE OBLIGATED TO BUY. No amount of market manipulation, collusion, and corruption can change that.
Amc.. stay in I’m assuming? The Robinhood bans are hurting us. What’s the move?
RH could be the lowest rated app on the App Store. But ONLY if YOU help. I’m sure we all know which team we are on. I’m sure we can make their   ratings mean trash 🚮
Ted Cruz agrees with AOC in regards of Robinhood blocking investors

DADDY Chamath Palihapitiya IS IN OUR SIDE
\ on our side\  my bad, true synthetic squared retard
Dirt on Robinhood - Citadel Collusion
Robinhood is stealing from the poor to give to the rich.    Theory:  1. Melvin Capital has large open short positions in $GME 2. Citadel + Point72 invests $  bln + into Melvin Capital as bailout 3. Citadel is the largest flow buyer of RobinHood (order flow is RH's largest source of revenue), Citadel's HFTs make money off front-running retail trades 4. Citadel colludes with Robinhood to STOP ALL BUY ORDERS on $GME (and others) and depress the stock in order to possibly exit their remaining short positions 5. Robinhood SPINS the halt of ALL demand to 13 PUBLICLY listed stocks. This is to HELP YOU! -- "We continuously monitor the markets and make changes where necessary. In light of recent volatility, we are   restricting transactions for certain securities to position closing only  , including $AAL, $AMC, $BB, $BBBY, $CTRM, $EXPR, $GME, $KOSS, $NAKD, $NOK, $SNDL, $TR, and $TRVG . . . We’re committed to   helping our customers navigate this uncertainty  . We fundamentally believe that   everyone should have access to financial markets  . We’re humbled to have helped many people invest in the markets for the first time." - WOW.       Can we get some help putting docs and circumstantial evidence together on RH - Citadel - others' collusion?  Citadel is routinely the LARGEST order flow client via 606 SEC Disclosure Forms --    RH settles a SEC probe in Q4 '20 " failed to properly inform clients it sold their stock orders to high-frequency traders and other firms" --       The SEC Complaint above --    Interesting Side Note:  For most orders of more than 100 shares, the analysis concluded that Robinhood customers would be   better off trading at another broker-dealer because the additional price improvement   that such orders would receive at other broker-dealers would likely exceed the approximately $5 per-order commission costs that those broker-dealers were then charging.   The analysis further determined that the larger the order, the more significant the price improvement losses for Robinhood customers—for orders over 500 shares, the average Robinhood customer order lost over $15 in price improvement compared to Robinhood’s competitors, with that comparative loss rising to more than $23 per order for orders over 2,000 shares.    I'll add more and organize as more info comes.
THEORY: WE WERE F   ING RIGHT about $GME and SEC had to put a cap on infinite losses
1611883780
Where is the buy volume coming from?
With RH, WeBull, TD, Trading 212, and Ally (please let me know if I’ve missed some) not allowing the purchase of shares, where will the buy volume come from? I understand that Fidelity and other brokers are still allowing buys, but what happens if they capitulate? I’d literally only selling is allowed, can’t the price just fall indefinitely as hedge funds sell at a low price to their other hedge fund buddies? If this continues into tomorrow and next week, what is our recourse?    Edit: I’m not tryna spread fear, I’m holding to $10,000 or $0.    but realistically, when will buys be allowed again? How long can they suppress us?
Louis Rossmann with two n's everybody!!!
WSB Shook the Internet Today!
This is coming from a completely novice in financial/stocks knowledge. I was so moved by the news about a collective group of people taking down giant Hedge Funds that I started researching about it.   Most of friends on social media who do not have any idea about what trading is, are actively talking and advocating this issue.   It really did spark my interest and now I want to learn everything about trading/stock market. Thank you so much for this, I have found a new hobby and a mission.  You guys have really done something incredible and legendary 🔥🔥🔥, this will go down in history books as the 'power of the people'.
Wealthsimple is pending my purchase in Canada. GME, BB, and a few others. I don't like that I'm told my orders may not go through when I can't see where my fuckin money is.
I mean... he’s not wrong...
Robinhood should be renamed as Robbing-hood!
We NEED Papa Musk To Create His OWN Trading Platform - WeBear 212⁉️
FUCK BIG MONEY. BUY $GME (and when this blows over, BUY P2P MONEY, you know what I'm talking 'bout)!
Why did they block ctrm as well?
DON'T SELL OUT OF RH, OR TRANSFER OUT. IT'S ALL A PLOY IN ORDER TO MAKE YOU SELL OR LOCK UP YOUR FUNDS WHILE TRANSFERRING OUT. BEWAREEE!!!!! AND HOLD!!!!!!!!!  🌕
We got this bois
Let’s also help $GME EPS by purchasing some swag and games. Spend your tendies at GameStop .. THE STORE! Make EPS
$GME the company could use some love too!  Buy your nextgame from them here   XBonks and Playstonks games here     Gamestonk swag here
IF YOU BANK WITH CHASE YOU CAN SET UP A TRADING ACCOUNT INSTANTLY. THEY ARE STILL TRADING $GME
WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU WAITING FOR??
Missed the boat entirely. Big sad. Proud of you guys, though.
“Officially, roughly $  trillion in OTC derivative contracts, more than ten times world GDP ($  trillion), hang over the financial world like the sword of Damocles” How does WSB swing the sword?
WE HAVE UNITED THE COUNTRY!
Why stocks getting banned? Here is a answer!
Robinhood does not actually buy or sell shares alone, but uses a company called Citadel as its intermediary institution. It collects the purchase / sale orders and transmits them to Citadel, they make a collective transaction and return to the Robinhood. Robinhood is able to sell shares for free this way, normally it pays around $ 5 per trade order.  Now it's getting amazing. Citadel and similar companies have banned purchase orders of "Reddit shares". Likewise, it is known that Citadel took a short position in Melvin Hedge Fund's Gamestop stocks. That is, Citadel does not want share prices to increase. The real thing here is that things change with the involvement of SEC.  Citadel calculated the loss caused by the increase of stocks shortened by SEC's penalty for market manipulation and eventually wanted to manupulate the market.
Papa Elon back in the fight
THEY DONT WANT US TO GET TENDIES !!!
With Robinhood going down the pipes, is there any other apps I can use to start investing soon?
First post here, so be gentle. I'm sure my story is like a lot of other people joining recently.  I got a robinhood account last night and dumped some money in with the express purpose of buying stock in AMC. This morning I made the request and went to class thinking everything was fine, in the middle of class I got an alert that my order was canceled. I canceled the transfer. I'm pissed, but still want to jump in.  I checked out stuff like Webull and E-trade but both of them will have waiting periods of multiple days before I can start investing. Do you guys have any recommendations of apps/brokers to check out that will allow me to start sooner, or should I just stick it out and wait for the others?     TL;DR want to invest in AMC/GME now, but don't want to use Robinhood.
wallstreetbets, 2021 financial civil war and the most blatant market manipulation I've ever seen.
£300 advice
I've been following WSB for a while now and it's payday tomorrow. Am I better off YOLOing £300 on GME or 70:30 with BB?  It's no strings cash so you know..... whatever with it
[META] REDDIT ADMINS are purging any posts that mention RH CEO & founders by name off the entire site (not just on WSB). They want to silence us.
Take a look for yourself, do a search on Reddit and you will see that there are barely any posts that are left which has any of the RH founders/CEOs names in it. There are a few that seemed to get through, but there used to be pages and pages of news posts (before the GME rise), discussions & general tech posts with their names that have been magically purged off the entire website (not just WSB).  Both of these guys needs to be in prison for what they pulled today.
I’m not selling AND NEITHER SHOULD YOU!!!
Apex Clearing has joined the Class Action Lawsuit game as well..
I don't think Tasty had any control. This is bullshit.  I'm still HOLDING.  🤲  GME: Over $10K long..  Edit: for emojis
Blame CLEARING SERVICES & CUSTODIANS more than TRADING PLATFORMS. DO NOT SELL
Disclaimer: I am not a financial advisor blah blah blah. I merely like the stock.  First of all, fuck Robinhood and every other platform that placed holds on trading without transparency. Fuck the hedge funds who overextended themselves with naked short selling and now are trying to fuck us over for exposing their arrogance. Fuck CNBC and the media giving Wall Street a platform to slander WSB and lie to us about closing their shorts. If the SEC don't do anything and protect their billionaire buddies, fuck them too. Shoutout to every single of you diamond-handed retards, Chamath, Papa Elon, Dr. Burry, Portnoy, AOC, Rashida Tlaib, Cuban, and everyone showing us bipartisan support.  So who do we blame for the trading halt and market manipulation? Let me explain the entities involved. I will not rehash what I have already seen others post about the short plays of Melvin Capital and hedge funds.    What is the difference between clearing services/custodians and trading platforms?    Citadel operates two primary businesses, Citadel (alternative asset manager) and Citadel Securities (broker-dealer arm that trades equities, equity options, and interest rate swaps for retail and institutional clients).  Citadel manages   and lending to companies in growth markets like China.  Citadel Securities is the  's biggest equity and options market maker, responsible for one in every five stock trades in America and 40% of the retail equity volume.   Trading platforms like Robinhood are brokers, firms that act as an intermediary between an investor and a securities exchange. Because securities exchanges only accept orders from individuals or firms who are members of that exchange, individual traders and investors need the services of exchange members. Brokers provide that service and are compensated in various ways, either through commissions, fees or through being paid by the exchange itself.﻿    What is the relationship between clearing/custody and trading platforms?    Robinhood takes a user's stock order and sells it to a larger trading firm that executes the trade, a process known as "payment for order flow." Ironically, payment for order flow is a practice pioneered by   and subsequent criticism of this practice. Today, the SEC requires brokers to disclose their policies surrounding this practice, and publish reports that disclose their financial relationships with market makers, as mandated in 2005’s Regulation NMS.  Robinhood made no mention of payment for order flow rates, federal regulators said, at a time when the company was rapidly growing. While Robinhood markets its services as "commission free," the SEC claims that customers in reality received inferior trade prices that "in aggregate deprived customers of $  million," despite any savings they received from paying zero in commissions.   Robinhood Financial has been   $65 million by the SEC for misleading its stock market customers about how the company makes its revenue from their trades.    How the trading halt should've been communicated    I focused on Robinhood and Citadel since they seem to be the most relevant companies right now and is my primary trading platform. But I will also show how this situation SHOULD HAVE been handled.   Apex Clearing Corporation is an independent   Financial Services.   Tastyworks, which uses Apex Clearing, sent this email at 11:30 ET today.    Apex Clearing, who acts as the custodian of all tastyworks accounts, has informed us that the following symbols (AMC, GME, & KOSS) will be set to closing only order status immediately. You will only be able to submit orders to close out any open positions that you have in these symbols. New opening orders will not be accepted at this time. We will update our clients should the clearing firm lift the Closing Only status in the near future.   While there is still a trading halt that retail clients can't do anything about, Tasty was transparent with us.   Please comment if you use other platforms and know how they have handled this/who their custodians are.  Retards who are smarter than me, is there anything trading platforms could have done if their clearing service chooses to halt trading? Could trading platforms have opposed that decision? If anyone is a lawyer/is close with a lawyer, what legal grounds do we have to hold RH, Citadel, and/or Melvin Capital responsible?  As others have already posted, 40% of Citadel's revenue is from payment for order flow from Robinhood. THIS IS COLLUSION AND MANIPULATION.  DO NOT SELL. DO NOT BE SCARED OF THE SELL LADDERS. DO NOT BE SHAKEN OUT.  Positions: 1 share GME $300, 1 GME 310/320C debit spread. AND I'M NOT FUCKING LEAVING. Except to transfer my other funds to Webull.
The German version of robinhood ! 👿👿👿
We are the captains now
The market ultimately decides how a company / stock is valued. Market power goes to whoever has the most capital. This is how markets work. For decades the market was controlled by institutions and stocks were valued based on their now outdated valuation models. Now the power has shifted to the us and institutions are losing their fucking minds because they no longer make the rules.  If we want to value GME at 10,000 a share and we have the power. Then GME is now worth 10,000 a share. If we decide to value TSLA on the quality of Elon's memes with a 100,000 price target. We have the power to do that. We can decide to replace the boomer metric of p/e with something I'm now calling p/m ratio or price to meme. Right now TSLA has a 10p/m and I think this one has a lot more room to run.
POMP IS WITH US
DO NOT SELL TO MOVE YOUR ACCOUNT FROM ROBINHOOD
There is a much easier way and it's called ACAT transfers and it moves your holdings without selling them. Robinhood charges a $75 fee to move your account, but they will lose a lot more in actual value from a) not holding our massive bull balls and b) no more trading fees     Edit: a lot of people are asking me for advice, but I am a mere autist. Do your research. It can take a week to transfer accounts, but I kind of think this is far from over.    Edit 2: please upvote the least autistic comments. there are people in here who know things.  Edit 3: consider not going with the crowd and choosing different brokerages. having everyone in robinhood is what got us into this mess  Edit 4: please note that the ACH transfer could take up to a week depending on the brokerage. You will not be able to sell the shares of GME that you have in the meantime, which is a risk to be aware of.  Edit 5: I am not a financial advisor  Edit 6: u/ZaphodNYC posted this great link (btw: love the guy, love the city) below that explains the mechanics behind ACAT's    Edit 7: I just want to say in the interest of full disclose that I am not holding GME, but I wish you all the best of luck and love. I'm only here because    GLHF
$FUBO DD - Connecting the dots, this thing is going to be a MONSTER.
From u/heardme  Pretty sure most of you know $FUBO has been shorted like crazy since the news of their Victory acquisition. It shot up 33% with the news and has since lost most of those gains. I'm here to tell you why the shorts are wrong and why this is a MASSIVE opportunity for us.  First, I'd like to address the issue of profitability. It was founded in 2015and being a young, growing company and isn't profitable yet. To put things into perspective, even Netflix which was founded in 1997 wasn't profitable until 2003. Fubo has more competition today than Netflix did back then, but it's still growing rapidly.   Q3 Results:      Revenues were $  million, a 47% increase year-over-year on a pro forma basis, or +71% excluding 2019 licensing revenue from the FaceBank AG business, sold in July 2020. This growth was driven by continued subscriber expansion, an increase in subscription Average Revenue Per User (ARPU) and growth of advertising sales:         Subscription revenue increased 64% year-over-year to $  million.      Advertising revenue increased 153% year-over-year to $  million.   Paid subscribers at quarter end totaled 455,000, an increase of 58% year-over-year.   Average Revenue Per User (ARPU) per month was $ , up 14% year-over-year.   Total content hours streamed by fuboTV users (paid and free trial) in the quarter increased 83% year-over-year to   million hours.   Monthly active users (MAUs) watched 121 hours per month on average in the quarter, an increase of 20% year-over-year.  Q4 Preliminary Results:       Q4 total revenue is expected to be between $94-$98 million, a 77% to 84% increase year-over-year.\  Prior guidance was $80-$85 million.   Paid subscribers at year-end are expected to exceed 545,000, an increase of more than 72% year-over-year. Prior guidance was 500,000-510,000 subscribers.  It smashed its previous guidance because sports and normality are returning. Also note that Fubo was still growing rapidly during the pandemic despite the lack of sports which is its primary focus. This is huge and it will continue to grow faster as sports start to return to normal.    FUBO  is estimated to announce  earnings  between Jan 25, 2021 and Feb 03, 2021     Most of us know that Fubo was opportunistically  hit by short sellers (Kerrisdale/Rich Greendfield) as their lock up period expired. This made the stock tank considerably from it's high of $60. The short argument is that integrated sports betting is a pipe dream, and that its not profitable yet.   As mentioned earlier, it took Netflix a while to scale up and become profitable. At the rate Fubo is growing, they are going to be profitable sooner than later. This isn't even an argument to me, as they scale up a few things will happen:  \- Customer acquisition costs will become a lower and lower percentage of revenue.  \- Since they license their content, they need scale to turn those licensing costs to profit (just like Netflix did)  \- More customers mean they can charge more for advertising. (More on this later)  Fubo very clearly addressed the issue of integrated sports betting with the acquisition of Vigtory. The bear thesis is weakening significantly. Almost nonexistent.         Now, on to the NBA:     "Over the past few years, Sky Media led investment rounds in FuboTV along with Fox for a 39% stake. This investment round was increased in late 2017/early 2018 with Sky Media holding Board positions. The former NBA commissioner was also part of the last $15 million round. Media has gone through some very big M&A shifts at the top-level with Comcast acquiring Sky and Disney acquiring 21st Century Fox. However, for FuboTV’s formative years, the company was influenced by arguably the top sports betting company in the world – Sky Media from the UK. The Comcast-owned Sky Media is still a backer for FuboTV along with Disney."  David Stern, the late former NBA commissioner was involved in funding of Fubo. The current NBA commissioner Adam Silver worked extremely closely with his mentor. I've been a lifelong NBA fan and I had doubts in Adam Silver but I think he's done a fantastic job with the NBA.  Why am I bringing up the NBA?     People are missing some key elements to the NBA announcement: this announcement was made literally the DAY after the Fubo Victory acquisition. People are missing the link between the NBA and Fubo, let alone the timing. Fact check me, they were announced a day apart and Fubo is the ONLY company with plans of an integrated sports betting broadcast platform.   The NBA wants to get into this because they know viewers watch games for longer with sports betting and fantasy leagues (which is why I think they threw in DraftKings)        Now, lets look into two key acquisitions:   \- Vigtory - Fubo acquired them and put their co-founder in charge of integrated sports betting along with their licenses and tech.   Balto - This one is another thing bears are missing. They claim this acquisition was to get into sports betting, it wasn't this was for their fantasy sports platform which Fubo is also planning on integrating.     Fubo is going to be an absolute monster going forward. It is trading at a discount thanks to shorts    34m shares short,   of float shorted. This thing is PRIMED for an epic squeeze AND it's valued at a discount right now.   Since the Vigtory acquisition, new price targets came out ranging from $47 to $60.   Short term, I'm confident this thing will pop soon. It was hammered down after the Vigtory announcement by shorts, followed by a low volume selloff Friday. It's trading at imo, a massive discount right now.  Long term, this thing is shaping up to be a unique competitor in streaming/sports betting.     TL;DR - get in long, one way or another. Commons, LEAPS, anything... this thing is going to explode as we inch towards earnings (expected late January to mid-February). We got massive revenue growth, we have strong tailwinds with the return of sports, we have the NBA basically saying they're in as long as Fubo can execute.
Fuck robinhood
Here to Donate to the Cause
Love you guys. Literally dreamed of something like this coming together.  I've got over a grand to contribute to the cause. Where do you boys want it most? Spread out or all on one?  OK boys we've got GME!  Edit: FUck it, this is a yolo   4 shares. I'm bringing 3k and buying another everytime the stock dips by 5. They want to push it down? Fuck em.  and Im bringing another grand for whichever  stock is the next love child of autism. Im seeing BB, nokia, AMC. WHich one do we want to focus on? This is it, all in.  Edit edit: Oh hai NOK. 100 shares of you. AMC? 10 to you too, sir
Donald trump JR joining the gme train
Don't forget to rate the Robin Hood app and make sure to leave an appropriate comment
If you are getting hosed by Robin Hood right now it is a great time to go and give their app a rating and leave a comment to warn future customers
Yea, you know those GME shares I put in order to buy last night? Well, that order's been cancelled.
Robinhood was supposed to be on our side, the side of retail investors. Apparently, the keyword is 'was'.    So, i am once asking for your support in coming up with a new place to FUCKING BUY GME, AMC, NOK AND BB.
Fidelity Brokerage Account Creation Not Working - Server overload? Or more market manipulation and GME suppression?
Been trying to help join the ranks and join the line all morning. Fidelity keeps saying "temporarily unavailable." More than suspect. Any advice??
If only she knew...
AMC is booming again fellas. Buy and hold
AMC back on the menu      let’s stick it to these fuckers
I got 4 shares $GME
Amc on cashapp!
Looks like cashapp is the last survivor and there is no GME. So let's save amc fellow degenerates!
Why $AMC is better than anyone here thinks (hear me out) - it might go to $75 or more!
AMC will be reporting its earnings on February 25, 2021 - their estimated earnings are   a share. This will be proven wrong due to the fact that they took EXTREME cost saving measures, they laid off 10% of their workforce in November of 2020 AND they closed a large # of theaters. Despite these cost-saving measures the estimate still has them losing   a share - this CANT be true because in Q2 2020 (heat of the pandemic) they only lost   a share. How would they lose more money if A) their business is open B) their costs are significantly lowered. This is why $AMC is an amazing proposition, it is almost guaranteed to outperform its anticipated earnings for Q4 2020, especially with the release of big movies like Wonder Women.
-300k cash. What do I do now?
I am a complete retard and I probably don't deserve to live. I decided to buy 100 OTM (Feb 05 570 strike) calls and put in a market order for them before market opened. I estimated the price to be around $100 at most. It ended up filling for just a bit over at 110. That part was fine. But instead of buying 100 calls, I bought 100 contracts. 10,000 calls. I don't think even I'm retarded enough to forget 1 call contract = 100 calls. I'm thinking it was some kind of glitch in their system. Of course I only slept 6 hours last night, so my brain could possibly have crashed.  For some reason, the order went through and I was down nearly a million in cash. I rushed to sell, but my broker's (Royal Bank of Canada) was down. By the time it was back up, GME had crashed. RBC liquidated all my calls for far below what my buy order filled at and destroyed my account. Then, as we all know, GME rebounded. If they didn't touch any of my positions I would have been fine. Taken a big loss maybe but not negative $300k in cash. The interest charged for negative balances is 21% annually. That's $172 a day. No way I'd be able to pay that down with a job.  Many of you probably won big with GME. I didn't. I'm one of the losers. Screwed by a combination of my own stupidity and the big banks. I tried calling them, they said they would send the details of my case to "upper management" and call be back. I'm not hopeful. What the hell do I do now?
Jim Cramer reveals dirty tricks short sellers use to manipulate stock prices down (2014)
Can't stop. Wont stop. GameStop.
lawmaker says Robinhood decision to bar some retail stock purchases 'unacceptable'
Ocasio-Cortez said the move was “unacceptable,” adding Congress needs to know more about Robinhood’s decision “to block retail investors from purchasing stock while hedge funds are freely able to trade the stock as they see fit.”  She said the House Financial Services Committee investigation should not be limited to Robingood but “should examine any retail services freezing stock purchases in the course of potential investigations - especially those allowing sales, but freezing purchases.
Lowe’s and Home Depot are going to moon pretty soon     DD inside with links!
Click the link to read about how Lowe’s is flush with cash.     They’re going to cite low GDP numbers and citing the fed saying that stimulus WILL NOT INCREASE inflation by much.  Democrats will force the bill in the senate with just 51 votes.   This plus housing data all released this week showed the resilience of the housing market. People want to buy homes away from covid centers and work from home will continue as mutations continue. The market has more demand than supply. People will use stimulus and this spring to build their house up for market and move to better places.         This is guaranteed to give Lowe’s and Home Depot wayyy more cash to grow and innovate their supply chain and e-commerce platforms. Attract talent from Silicon Valley. They will also increase their dividends.   Not to mention they will receive all the customers who are refinancing right now to pull cash out to take advantage of TAX CREDITS for purchasing MADE IN AMERICA insulation, windows, doors, appliances, tiles, flooring. Who wants to pay taxes when the government is giving you free money to upgrade your house to the latest energy efficient technology.   I have March 200 calls for Lowe’s that cover earnings and two months worth of housing data.  I don’t have Home Depot as I see the growth opportunity a bit less with them being the market leader. But I think the 300 calls for March are great.  Get in now. Fundamentally sound and free money!
INO next short squeeze!
INO
Wall Street Bets bringing the World (not Melvin, Shitron, and robinhood) together.   --
Smash RobinHood with 1 ⭐️reviews!
Let’s get them removed from the app stores!
Founder of reddit = tennis super star wife i thought we are the retards?
-= List of Brokers who did NOT block GME, AMC, BB,NOK. =-
Can we get a list of Brokers who did NOT screw over half the world this morning?  I'm getting the phuck out of my unscrupulous institutional protectionist broker asap and need an honest one to switch to. My broker was ALLY Invest.  Please and thank you.
Getting notifications that TD Ameritrade is restricting $GME and $AMC purchases
Some friends are sending me screenshots of notices from TD Ameritrade that they are now restricting purchases for $GME and $AMC  HOLD THE LINE
LIVE NOW! Robinhood Restricts Trading On GME & AMC - Is This Legal?
Not sure if this has been done, but I made a petition to demand Robinhood allow open trading on GME
Heard Robinhood forcing GME sales? Any with RH confirm this??
Is it possible to buy stocks with 85p?
Hi, from the uk here, I've seen all the buzz and I'm always ready to help take down the bourgeoise. But I only have 85p in my bank. Is it possible to buy stocks with this and how would I go about doing that if I could. Thanks!
YOLO to the 11% of us out there? HOLD
(Mods please don’t remove again) Do people think Robin Hood will open GME back up today because of the pressure? Will the suits result in any substantial payment for Robin Hood investors? Do you think hedge funds and brokerage sites will back down because politicians are backing retail investors?
I think if Robin Hood opens up today, not only will people jump to buy GME on Robin Hood, but also on all of the other brokerage sites that are still allowing GME trading. Once Robin Hood backs off I can’t imagine TD Ameritrade will continue to push against the retail investors so they will open up too
You can currently still purchase AMC through cashapp 🐸
PAPA MUSK COMING TO HELP - MY SHIT KEEPS GETTING REMOVED MODS ALLOW IT
I'll keep this short. Redditor 12yrs. WSB lurker from beginning. May die soon so YOLO what I got left? :) I have a legit IRS 501(c)(3) if anyone needs to offset taxes. I promise I'll pour every penny back into $GME!!!!!
But for real. I'm in with you dumb bastards. Diamond hands friends. Diamond hands.
Come on EDM folks, join the movement
Papa Elon agreeing with AOC
Degiro Europoor checking in
I fucking sold all my beloved, slow grown postions to fucking YOLO in GME.  At this point i dont fucking care about my money, i'm here to fight!  30 boomer shares gme @ 243$  Not much, but i'm trying to do my part.  HOLD THE LINE!!
Autists of the world unite!
The amount of mutual sentiment coming from our brothers and sisters around the entire world and frankly been awe inspiring. God bless all of you beautiful smooth brained folk.  I can’t meme but I would love to see the portals scene from Endgame...  European Traders : “On your left”
PLACES TO STILL BUY AMC + GME + OTHERS
Let’s get a list going. Mod’s can you pin this please?  GameStop: Stockpile E Trade   AMC: Stockpile  E Trade Cash App  Add to the list if you know of any.
The Next Move
Let me preface this by saying I’m just a retard, so what is the next move? How are we going to fuck all these 1% who clearly just manipulated the market today and fucked people out of thousands. There has to be a way to counter punch these cunts, I’m all ears.
DID THEY DOUBLE DOWN????? If so it means I am HOOOLDING!!!!
I need to say that is AMAZING that stocks like AMC stay above 9 $. Just imagine what will happen when we can buy again. HOLD!
Class action complaint vs Robinhood
I Was going to Sit it Out but I LIKE THIS STOCK
I was going to just sit this one out, but this is BULLSHIT. My broker didn't stop trading, so I'm opening at 232 and hold.    mother fuckers.
WHAT IS HAPPENING!???! PLEASE INFORM ME
Hedge Funds Doubled Down on Shorts ~~~ More Stonks!!!!! ~~~ 290% of Gamestop shares are now floated, and they have to buy them all back.
28JAN2020, 4AM, LOCATION: CITADEL HQ
What are we looking at conservatively for $GME Friday?
I'm curious what a very realistic even conservative example of where the price could be Friday if there isn't further fuckery from brokerages.
Why the White House is on their side
Here is an interesting article I found.   #Anyways, dont fear, hold GME to 1000$.
When Robinhood IPOs we should short their stock to zero
All power to all the people. This is not financial advice.
This talk about how this is ‘market manipulation’ is bullshit
MARKET MANIPULATION ISNT REAL. It’s a term made up by traders that don’t know what the fuck is going on. The fact that you can SHUT DOWN the abibilty to buy a stock is retarded. You are entitled to buy a stock for whatever reason you like. So to shut down a stock because there wasn’t a good reason to buy the stock is like throwing the maker of Gangnam Style in jail, as 1,000,000 people bought his song because it was funny not good. Fuck Robinhood
Short squeeze time
Do any of my fellow astronauts know what time lift-off (The squeeze begins) will be tomorrow? When are the margins called?  Also remember your fucking diamond hands!
Tehy might be trying to close this sub
I just got asked by reddit if this sub was about internet culture or memes. I answered YES. They are trying to have r/wsb come across as a market manipulation forum. DO NOT LET THIS SLIDE, you may be asked a different question, vote as to indicate that r/wsb is not a market manipulation platform.   GME TO THE MOON
My Plea to Robinhood this Morning to Open Trading in GME
Trading Platforms
Since Robinhood, Webull, and others are restricting some trades, what platforms are not restricting trades?
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. -Wayne Gretzky" -Michael Scott
TD Ameritrade Desktop works for buying GME, AMC, BB, BBY, and NOK
I hopped on this train this morning and will fervently hold.
BUY GME NOT ANYTHING ELSE
WE GOTTA FOCUS ON GME RIGHT NOW SO IF Y'ALL CAN OR ARE PLANNING ON BUYING, BUY GME!!!!!  BB, NOK, AMC CAN WAIT THEY'RE STILL IN DOUBLE DIGITS BUT GME IS OUR FIRST FRONTIER  B U Y    G M E     (NOT FINANCIAL ADVICE)
The supreme leader!
Gee, I wonder whethwr most redditors are iOS or Android....
Robinhood
Robinhood as a company can make whatever decisions they want. They can limit trading to protect their friends. Maybe it's unethical or illegal but who knows. That will not be determined for weeks. So vote with your dollar.  Transfer your money out of RH. Put it in a broker that isn't screwing with your investments. Please list all the brokers that are blocking stock purchases so we all know.
Holds GME and buy AMC.
In AMC $5k at $   Let’s goooooooo
HELP ME TURN THIS INTO A REDDIT PRODUCED FILM
Im serious. I am a filmmaker and want to make this story into a movie. If this has shown us anything its that the big boys up top will do what they can to take advantage of us, and companies like Warner Bros., Disney, Paramount are no exception. Lets make a film about the people, for the people and by the people. When this is all said and done we can use our earnings to invest in production and make it a completely reddit backed film that will have no interference from production companies whatsoever - that means we get to tell the story the way it happened without construing facts or altering information to please Wall Street and make it for entertainment. We just need the legend u/DeepFuckingValue to get on board because we will definitely need him in it/or portrayed in it. Who is with me boys?! (WE ALREADY GOT SOME PEEPS ON BOARD)
LET THE PEOPLE TRADE!
IM NOT FUCKING SELLING. KNOW THE STREISAND EFFECT.
TD Ameritrade saying I have a margin call, but I've not bought anything on margin
Does this have to do with my GME shares? or the PLTR call that is going to likely call 100 of my PLTR shares away tomorrow?
The media is now quoting posts from “wallstreetbetsnew” that have no upvotes and no comments. They are dying for a story. Keep WSB PRIVATE!
First of many lawsuits I hope 🤞🏻 out of this bullshit!!!! #DownWithTheHOOD
WRITE TO YOUR REPRESENTATIVE
WANT CHANGE? WE'RE JUST AUTISTIC PEASANTS. BUT YOUR REPRESENTATIVES EXIST FOR THIS SHIT.   Go here, find your rep:     Call them or email them.  Don't know what to say? Here's a quick thing I threw together; copy and paste it if you would like to or modify it however you wish.  DIAMOND HANDS YOU AUTISTS.   > Hi Representative! >  > I'm writing to bring attention to the GameStop stock trading issue happening at time of writing, January 28, 2021, where hedge funds at risk of losing billions have manipulated the free market and brokers like RobinHood are actively preventing me from buying GME stock, allowing me to only sell GME stock as well as hiding the stock tickers of the stocks that are causing the hedge funds to lose money. >  > This is blatant market manipulation because Citadel LLC., who injected Melvin Capital with over $2 billion in funds to help them get through a short squeeze, has financial incentive to pressure RobinHood to restrict Buying of the GME stock while allowing Sell orders to go through in order to engineer a price free-fall. A Congressional subpoena of all the communications between these businesses between January 10 to January 28 may reveal interesting information. >
RobinHood rn
The biggest fraud in retail trading history - Robinhood?
Robinhood is selling your trading data to Citadel. The very same company who funded Gamestop short - Melvin capital. Robinhood is saving Citadel's gambled money?  Now they do not allow their own customers to buy GME shares, only sell their shares, when at the same time Melvin capital (Citadel) are free to cover their short positions and do whatever they want.  This is a disgrace. Robinhood, IBFX, Trading 212 etc, Citadel and Melvin capital people should go to prison. I really hope there are laws that protect ordinary people. Brokers who have closed GME buying need to pay back losses from GME all time highs. They are quite literally blocking retail movement to save their own ass and gambled money...
OBSIDIAN HANDS IN THIS B
Aint selling. Hold the line boys.
GET BACK IN THE FIGHT
Alright you smooth brained fucks. Robinhood did us all dirty today and we all lost trendies but I have a solution. The stock with the second most short interest according to this chart   is Virgin Galactic. It’s partially owned by king Chamath from the CNBC interview yesterday. Let’s short squeeze this sucker. It’s still on robinhood and since we are all virgins and want to go inter-galactic it just makes sense
What does holding do? I’m still learning but I’m genuinely curiously as to why people with like -10m are holding? What does that do?
Reminder: if you are getting something for free you are not the customer, you are the product
If you trade on Robinhood, Citadel Securities is most likely the organization you are trading with and they pay Robinhood for the privilege of being able to bet against you. Citadel Securities is largest customer of Robinhood, not you. On top of that, Citadel LLC, the hedge fund is owned by the same guy, put 2 bln into Melvin Capital last week.  Other brokerages are not immune. This shit needs to be investigated by the SEC.   1. GTFO of Robinhood 2. Write to you senators and congress people demanding an investigation into what IB and Robinhood did
FUCK EM ALL - $5,000 or DEATH! NO MIDDLE GROUND!!  ⚰️🪦☠️
HOLD THE LINE!!
STOCKS TO THE MOON AMC GME
Guys we need to stop spreading out thats what they want. We need to focus all our targets at the main 2 ( amc, gme) if we want to see the moon my guys..  Post got autodeleted twice now
Can’t open account with Fidelity
I have been attempting to open an account with Fidelity online.  It keeps giving me errors or telling me to reload the browser. Is this the same for others?
Robinhood Insider Information - Repost for exposure
# "Robinhood Insider Information  📷  I work for Robinhood. Don't kill me.  Low-level, technical shit, comp sciences major, not finance side.  Guess what we overhead today?  Vladimir, yes founder Vladimir, and the C-Suite, received calls from Sequoia Capital and the White House that pressured into closing trading on GME etc. I guarantee you the same took place at E-Trade and the others who closed trading.  File reports on the SEC page. If I wasn't scared to be out of work in a pandemic I'd quit. I'm disgusted. We all need to rise up, this is as bad as it gets when we talk about how the rich get one set of rules, and the rest of us get screwed 🪛 over, and over, and over again left to bail them out and pick up the tab for their trillion dollar tax breaks. We need to pile pressure on every government and financial institution involved in this travesty of justice.  I'm taking a massive career risk even posting here but fuck these motherfuckers."
Trading Restrictions Lifted Timing
Realistically how long can these apps restrict trading these stocks?
which site will approve my account TODAY?
trying to buy the dip but these fucking apps won't approve my account. which one will do it quick?
THIS IS A WAR OF ATTRITION. CYNICISM, DOUBT AND BURN OUT ARE WALL STREET’S WEAPONS OF CHOICE . HOLD THE LINE.
REMEMBER  THIS IS A WAR OF ATTRITION  CYNICISM, DOUBT AND BURN OUT ARE WALL STREET’S WEAPONS OF CHOICE  THEY HAVE GOT AWAY WITH THIS FOR SO LONG BY CONVINCING EVERYDAY PEOPLE THAT THINGS CANNOT CHANGE  NOW THE SYSTEMS AND RULES THEY CREATED TO FUCK US HAVE BEEN WEAPONISED BY EVERYDAY   INDIVIDUALS   TO CRUSH THEM.   THIS WONT END WITH GME UNLESS WE ALLOW IT TO. THEY ARE PRAYING WE GET BORED.  SO HOLD THE LINE. NOW AND THEN.
Who’s next
I’ve been shut out of all the boys. What’s open and hitting next?
UK retards, Freetrade allowing GME
Buy Buy Buy Hold Hold Hold
FUCK BIG MONEY. BUY $GME (and when this blows over, BUY THE FORBIDDEN CURRENCY, you know what I'm talking 'bout)!
Every substantive post with body text is being removed by auto-mod. Admins, fix your broken algorithm! Spam is constantly getting through, it's not working!!!
GME Endgame
Not to take your attention away from sending GME past all stonks, but you guys ever want your money back and profits? Who do you think will buy back your shares?
WSB got AOC and Ted Cruz to agree on something
Justin Khan: Hold the line!!!
UK GANG!! TRADING212 ARE STILL BOASTING ABOUT THEIR   STAR APP STORE RATING ON THEIR WEBSITE DESPITE SHOVING THEIR SUITED AND BRANCHY FIST UP OUR ASS!! UNITE!
ATTN: ROBINHOOD IS NOT THE ENEMY, APEX HOLDINGS IS. THEY'RE THE ONES BLOCKING THE TRADES
Apex is the company not allowing shares to be traded. They're the clearing firm for Robinhood, Webull, and others.      Call and email them and let them know how we feel about trades being halted. Don't let them get away with clear market manipulation.        Upvote for visibility         214-765-1100
PAPA MUSK RESPONDS TO ROBINHOOD
Wanted to show my commitment to my fellow autists since Robinhood froze us out. <<< Not necessarily SFW >>> Diamond hands will take a bit of discomfort but fuck 'em we can do it!
Go here if they shut down Wall Street Bets
This has gone past statement WE WILL NOT BACK DOWN
SORRY MOM. GOT DIAMOND HANDS
Transfer out of Robinhood, you can still buy on TD!
WE NEED TO SUSTAIN ATLEAST 9$ FOR AMC TO BEAT THE SHORTS KEEP HOLDING KEEP BUYING
HOLD THE LINE
NOK
Side-by-side of VW 2008 squeeze and GME   have faith! HOLD!
Um, Excuse Me?
Redditors around the world be like
Put ridiculous sell limits on your shares! This prevents them from being borrowed to be shorted! If they don’t want us to buy and only sell then come get them at a 1000% mark up!
Remember this isn’t about the money - it’s about sending a message
We’re all together in this!  🤜 🤛
The most ironic thing about RobinHood and what is happening is the name RobinHood itself. The RobinHood story is to steal from the rich and give to the poor. Funny how they restrict trading when the shoe is on the other foot or their namesake comes to fruition.
Give the people their tendies.
Let's make Robinhood pay.
Hey fellow degenerates,  I think I speak for everyone here when I say that enough is enough. Robinhood has become extremely questionable over the past year after non-stop outages with no compensation for losses, disregard for investor well-being, and ultimately this. Even then, many of us including myself still trusted these criminals with our hard earned tendies being the pea-brained individuals we are. But this is the last straw, I'm done with this company. I liquidated and closed my account. Like everyone else here, I don't want to see them get by with this time and time again.   Like many of you already know, Robinhood has an expected IPO this year. With the combined power of this group of prepubescent gambling addicts, we can give them a taste of their own medicine. If Robinhood chooses to side with Melvin and Citadel to screw us over, let's teach them that what goes around comes around. We've seen the ridiculous amount of power this community has, but for some reason they don't seem to have taken that seriously. If Robinhood goes public we must all pledge to come back together and short their stock all the way back to the deepest depths of hell that their founders crawled out of. We can RUIN Robinhood to the extent that even their hedgie besties won't touch them ever again. IT'S TIME FOR PAYBACK. DON'T MESS WITH OUR TENDIES.
Which brokerage to switch to from Robinhood?
With this whole shit show going down I am wondering which brokerage to switch to. I love the simplicity and UI of RH but I am definitely done after today's fiasco. Any suggestions? I am leaning toward Fidelity but they have a 65c options fee :(    FUCK RH!
Who likes short shorts?
Disgusting
YOU HAVE TO HOLD THE LINE FOR SOCIETY
Look, I'll be honest, I don't hold any of the moon stocks like GME, BB, AMC, etc. I tried to buy in this morning, not because I felt confident I would go to the moon, but because I wanted to be a soldier in the army! They won't even let me choose to fight.   For all those Karen's out there that think masks are a violation of freedom, if you really care you should tell your sons in the basement they better hold. the. fucking. line. In fact, give them some money for tacos so they don't have to pull out to eat.   This is a violation of freedom that casts a shadow on wearing a damn mask like a fucking redwood tree at midday.   If you hold long enough, they will open it back up. And new soldiers like me will flood the battlefield. Gains or losses be damned. Some things have to be fought for. In the meantime, looking for any quick way to join the fight. Ideas welcome.
Could we see Billionaires trying to corner the GME market?
Now that the short interest has arrived at 250% I could imagine big players setting up positions on the long side, based on the conviction that us retail investors will come back to buy and hold more shares! We have shown that we can limit the supply side sufficiently to cause some serious problems to shortsellers like Melvin. We could really see a Herbalife like situation where a whale sees the weak position the shortsellers are and acts upon this.  As much as we are witnessing the power of market makers like citadel, they cannot stop other major players. And who says that Billionaires symphathizing with us would not use this short mania and lock up some serious amount of shares?
NAKD to the moon!!!!
Just put 1k into NAKD let’s take it to space boys!!!
Thoughts on $GME $BB $AMC $GNUS for tomorrow?
Trading 212. UK autists band together.
Trading 212 has restricted gamestop and AMC stocks and are deleting negative reviews on the Google playstore. All of my fellow UK autists, submit a complaint to thier complaints department and if they don't respond within 8 weeks then you can report them to the financial ombudsman. I am unsure about what legal action (if any) can be taken at this point but I suggest that we bombard them with complaints and continue to take ot further. We shall not be beaten
Any recommendations for a new broker?
Require  -free or low fee options trading -decent app  -doesn’t tell me what im allowed to trade  -options liquidity
Friendly reminder.
HOLD ITTTTT     HOLD THE LINEE
Put my mortgage payment into GME
Ride of die with you retards.
Is it just me or does the CNBC desk seem happier today?
The CNBC desk seems a bit happier today after Robinhood and others have blocked or limited trades for GME, AMC and others. Hold tight friends, we can win if we stick together. To the moon!
There is major shady 💩 happening. Wow. This goes so deep. PLEASE READ. I hope this doesn’t get flagged or lost in the sub
Read this Twitter thread      And look at this screenshot from some who claims to work at Robinhood      I have never been one for conspiracy theory’s. But this is so much deeper then I ever imagined.  Edit: adding a quote from the Twitter thread for anyone who doesn’t want to bother looking at link: . “During today's short ladder...  •There was 443k shares sold in a single batch at $120 at 11:24:36 AM EST.  • There was 347k shares sold in a single batch at $140 at 11:19:09 AM EST.   Someone took a total loss of $300M from the price an hour prior OR that is a $100M short sale.”
Anyone wondering why Anonymous Hackers and Other Hacking Groups ...
Anyone wondering why Anonymous and other hacker groups have not stepped in and started serving justice to these Stock Trading companies  via DDOS and other cool things they do??
CNN links “Trumpism” with Redditors...

There goes Webull
Kiss me, I'm stocks man.
Should i buy BB?
Help please
When does the rocket launch???
NOK and AMC and BB have been stagnant last few hours....  i’m ready for liftoff
Comprehensive List of brokers that stopped the ability to buy any stocks today.
Me and I'm sure a lot of others are going to be searching for a new broker after today's shenanigans. I would like to put together a comprehensive list of brokers that stopped the ability to buy and ones that have not.  This will allow the community to make an informed decision on where you will put your money in the future. I will edit as more information comes to light.  Brokers who have stopped trading. Robinhood, WeBull , 212, Etoro, Tasty works , Interactive brokers , Merrill edge , Ally invest, Cash app, E-Trade, sofi Trade republic , m1 Brokers who have stopped but then resumed TD, thinkorswim   Brokers who have not stopped trading. Fidelity, Vanguard, Revolut, Degiro, free trade, stake, schwab, stash  Not sure  Trade station   If any of these are incorrect or some are missing please feel to free to let me know in comments or DM.  Hopefully this helps people make the right decision.
More than half of all Robinhood users own at least some GameStop stock.
Time to perform your civic duty.
We Are the People      Call your representatives  and  your senators          Script:  Hi, I'm ______ and I'm calling in support of a full federal investigation into Robinhood, Citadel, and the blatant market manipulation that's occurring right now. Brokers are illegally blocking retail traders from certain stocks that pose a risk to irresponsible large hedge funds. There is not a free market if we the people are not free to trade, but large wall street firms are. There is clear bipartisan support from working class people and I hope to see you on our side.   Leave your name, phone number, zip code, and email address     WE are the voters. Not Hedge funds. Your representatives represent YOU. Not wall street. Tell them what you think.
GME today - How can this be legal? An in depth explanation on Citadel's market manipulation.
To start off with, who are the actors?    GME    From Wikipedia -  GameStop is an American video game, consumer electronics, and gaming merchandise retailer. The company is headquartered in Grapevine, Texas, United States, a suburb of Dallas, and operates 5,509 retail stores throughout the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and Europe as of February 1, 2020. The company's retail stores primarily operate under the GameStop, EB Games, ThinkGeek, and Micromania-Zing brands.   If you as redditor hasn't noticed, Gamestop has been receiving a lot of attention recently due to it's dramatic rise in the stock market.    Melvin Capital    From Wikipedia -  Melvin Capital Management LP is an American investment management firm founded in 2014 by Gabriel Plotkin and based in New York City. In early 2021 the fund lost 30% due to numerous short bets that went awry, including GameStop.     Citadel Securities    From Wikipedia -  Citadel Securities was formed in 2001, and is a market maker, providing liquidity and trade execution to retail and institutional clients.   What is a Market Maker?  A market maker (MM) is a firm or individual who actively quotes two-sided markets in a security, providing bids and offers (known as asks) along with the market size of each.  From Investopedia -  For instance, a market maker in XYZ stock may provide a quote of $ $ , 100x500. This means that they bid (they will buy) 100 shares for $  and also offer (they will sell) 500 shares at $  Other market participants may then buy (lift the offer) from the MM at $  or sell to them (hit the bid) at $  Market makers provide liquidity and depth to markets and profit from the difference in the bid-ask spread.   This little market maker decided to get involved in GME,      Robinhood  ,   Charles Schwab  ,   TD Ameritrade  ,   Interactive Brokers   and   Trading 212    Robinhood, Schwab, TD Ameritrade and Trading 212 are some of the most popular trading platforms in the USA and UK respectively, due to their "commission free trading".  Robinhood, Charles Schwab and TD Ameritrade make money  . Payment for Order flow is basically selling the data of your trade to a Market Maker so they can make money through the bid/offer difference by selling/buying the other side of the trade for a small margin.  Trading 212    Interactive Brokers has been [using Citadel as it's market maker since 2018] (  (ctrl+F "Citadel" in the link).    Why is this f-ed up?    All of these trading platforms/brokerage firms have a direct link to Citadel and as such have an invested interest to ensure GME stock goes down due to the massive bailout Citadel provided to Melvin Capital. If you're going to invest 2B$ in a company, you're going to make sure it doesn't go tits up within the first week right?  Well that's what Citadel did. All the trading platforms/brokerages above did not let ANY users buy GME however they were happy to let them sell. And the more sellers there are than buyers, the more the stock is going to go down. GME was trading at 470$ before market open, but just when RH, TD Ameritrade, Schwab decided to cancel all buy orders for GME, this plummeted down to open at $265 as no one could buy. What the f .     Everything below this is pure speculation, do not make any decisions on any future trades regarding anything I've said after this disclaimer (and don't for anything said before)     However, GME shot up to 481$ after 30 minutes despite a much smaller pool of buyers. How is that possible? Is it possible that perhaps Melvin Capital and other hedge funds decided now was the time to get rid of their over-exposed shorts when no one could do anything about it? Maybe. Maybe I'm wrong and the short float will still be above 120% tomorrow. But somehow I doubt it.    F- YOU CITADEL
Calls and potential gamma tomorrow.
Hi guys and this is my first attempt at a non tarded dd.   If I remember correctly calls went up to 320 yesterday that MM were selling(at least on RH) . Other brokers may be selling higher options today but rn if we can push into tomorrow at 320 or above MM will panic and force the gamma squeeze. So many options are in the money from our crazy boys rn that those of us holding shares keeping supply on the market down and big call guys are working in tandem.   Tdlr: GME   if we can start tomorrow at 320 or above there will be no stopping this lift off.   I am not a financial advisor and am pretty retarded but I got GME 320 calls and 200 shares and god I would love to stick it to robinhood before I get out of this whack brokerage
Like the Arabs in Egypt this is our spring. This is our Retard Spring.
By the time the dust settles on this war they will have re-written the books on how the markets function. Because of us brave few, the reeeetards of this generation. We are the righteous. We will prevail. God bless every one of you and thank you all for your bravery, this had to end. Robinhood and Interactive brokers will be ordered to allow trading on these securities again likely before end of day. Tomorrow will be deliverance day for all of us.     We are the captains of our fate. We are the masters of our souls.
I'm a rookie ape but I want to help support the cause! Does someone have a quick guide for idiots that want in?
Is it even possible to sign up and throw my money into this pot quick enough? Even if I'm not from US?
SWCH is lookin sexier than Sandra Bullock in 1993. DD. SCHWING
I'M NOT FUCKING KIDDING! The train to tendie town is LOADING THE FUCK UP         Share float low AF. Institutional holdings high AF, I'm high AF.   Rob Roy is CEO. Dude has 500 fucking patents. You've never had 500 original ideas. This guy turned em into shit that makes so much money he paid a lawyer 500 times to make sure he gets all the damn money.      Oh yeah, you retarded fucks don't even know what they do. THey maKe SwiTchEs!!!!!     Co-Location Centers......      They build the most energy efficient and secure "server farms" in the world. The air filtration system filters out dust. They have solar power back up grids. They are in areas less prone to earthquake and tsunami. The engineering behind these centers is fucking insane!     Every car company, durable goods maker (household appliance) etc. will have 5g and IOT chips in their products, if they don't already. These companies like ford and kitchen aid aren't computer companies, they don't have a fucking clue how to manage servers and data.      SO THEY PAY SWITCH FOR SPACE IN THEIR CO-LOCATION CENTERS.      SWCH is building 4 mega centers RIGHT WHERE GOOGLE FIBER HUBS ARE BEING INSTALLED.      Big fucking deal. long dong play. Deep fryer is loaded. Hot fresh tendies imminent.           🧨
🚨🚨Robinhood apparently closing out positions at will due to "unreasonable risk" in people's positions?!🚨🚨
Well well well, isn’t this just a slap in the face.
ATTACK THE FLANKS
Hi fellow retards. I tried buying GME. IBKR blocking it. ME VERY ANGRY.      But fear not, there are still OPEN FLANKS. GME is a gapping wound, don't sell and buy if you can. But we need to hit them where it hurts: $SKT      (1) I like it (recovery play)   (2) It's small $  market cap with huge short interest (\~50% me thinks)     It would be very easy to put them on the back foot here. Melvin is also short. This is a low hanging fruit as funds are already leveraged trying to shack out longs in GME.      SKT is a warrior without shield or armor, begging to be slayed.      Take the kill, go long SKT and squeeze the shorts.     Long SKT 200 shares and 20x Feb calls
WEBULL ALLOWING GME AND AMC TRADING AGAIN
BUY. HOLD. BUY. HOLD.   LETS GO!  🤚
Losses on short positions in   firms top $70 billion - Ortex data
From the man who brought you PLTR Hamilton, I bring you a GME rally cry in this time of need. More Hamilton, but now with the power of Gamestop. Listen up, get hyped, but more importantly, stay the course.
Politicians are starting to notice the market manipulation going on with robinhood! They will get what they deserve
LET THEM EAT $CAKE!
Let's target some other ones for short squeezes and see how many stocks we can get banned from trading.  The absurdity of it will become so apparent.  Let them eat $CAKE! 🍰🍰🍰🍰     🍰🍰🍰🍰  (not investment advice, just an absurd idea)
Today's Battle over GME
“A very sophisticated chat room”
GME Restriction
Gme was restricted from purchasing on many retail brokers by the clearing firm Apex. Apex is owned by peak6 investments based in Chicago. Who else is based in Chicago? Citadel securities, who helped fund peak6 and are currently helping Melvin with this gme trade. Citadel is also most likely taking on short positions on its own. Apex is the clearing firm for RH, tastytrade, interactive brokers etc. Big game being played by big players. WE WILL WIN.
"How Reddit works" - CNBC
When the GME floodgates open (video w/ sound in comments)
You can report robinhood and the corrupt hedge funds by using this link that brings you to the SEC website and you can report them. We can win this war
Protect yourselves against further crookery
A lesson I learned in life at some point is, that if there is only a slight infringement, further cheat and swindle is not far. In this case it wasn't even a slight infringement, the brokers blatantly cheated millions, there is no denying it. (Except if the have some special contractual clauses that I don't know of. But even then, the question is does it infringe official regulation/legislation.)  Private companies regulating the market before the SEC does. Just let that sink in for a second.  So my advice: Create documentation of your portfolios and positions. Screenshots, better film the screen with the positions names, amount, date of record and further specifics. If you can, download your user data. In Europe this is possible. It has to classify as actual evidence.  I am not a paranoid person, but I always think of the worst case and that has served me well on several occasions in life.  There are many possibilities of further shenannigans I can think of:    System outage and lost data   Russian hacker attack   "Our data indicates you sold the stock yourself"   Rogue employee   etc.  I am not giving them a blueprint here, believe me, those people have already thought of every way to defraud us.  Be aware.
Robinhood Is a Bouncer Who Works for the Guys Who Own the Club
WELCOME TO THE DANGER ZONE
Hello retards, it seems many of you are experiencing baby's first disinformation  . Congratulations! You have officially become important enough to target.   We're seeing lots of "reports" that Citadel is behind Robinhood's decision to manipulate the market. I think that's very plausible. But you need to focus on things that we know, because there is no such thing as a half truth -- things are either true or false.   If you get swept up in a half-truth, you're really getting swept up in a lie. And when you're swept up in a lie, suddenly you aren't credible anymore.       Standard information control play:    - Do something bad  - Release believable information "anonymously" pinning the bad thing on a believable target, perhaps even the real bad guy  - But although that information is believable... make sure it's false.  - Congratulations, you have just created a wacko conspiracy theory! Now you can dispatch with any serious allegations about your wrongdoing by calling your detractors crazy conspiracy theorists.    Focus on what we KNOW:    - Robinhood stopped all buy orders on GME, causing the price to immediately plummet and giving Wall Street enough breathing room to cut some losses and reduce their collective float % from 140% to 120% (still VERY MUCH in Big Squeeze territory babyyyyy!)  - If Robinhood had some strategy in place to confront volatile markets, then it should have activated that strategy yesterday when volume was even larger.  - If Robinhood was worried about margined up retards exposing them to risk, then they could have stopped all trades on margin; they had no reason whatsoever to stop all buy orders.  - Robinhood did not stop trading before the market opened -- they only stopped trading after we hit our (local) peak (still going to the moon, HOLD!).  -   Therefore, something happened between yesterday and today's rally that made Robinhood decide to stop all trades. The only reason I can think up is to suppress price for a nefarious purpose.
It's about to go crazy!
What in the everliving hell?
This is why you should HOLD Shares and BUY more GME regardless of current price or volatility
For those new comers who dont understand what is going on with Gamestop. As you can see there are   outstanding shares of which   shares are float (meaning they are available on the market to trade, other shares are held by the GME corp, CEO etc). The Shares (short) as of Jan 14 2021 shows    shares short. Meaning when there are only   shares available on the market, the shorted shares are more than the available ones. They need your shares to get out of their short positions. They have shorted more shares then the number of shares which exist. If you people HOLD or BUY more shares, the higher the value goes once the squeeze happens (When their short contracts expire, they would have to buy. If there are no shares to buy, the price goes to the Moon and beyond because of simple demand and supply.         Today was a ladder attack which showed very low volume when the stock was halted. It was there to scare off investors. Everyone should keep their shares held to themselves and buy more at any given price. May Gamestop be the most valuable company for a while on the squeeze just like Volkswagen did back in 2008.       ignore people who are buying BB, AMC, NOK because they think there may be a squeeze with those companies too or think they are too late to jump into GME squeeze. Remember, the squeeze will happen eventually. Volkswagen squeeze took almost 2 years, but GME will be wayyyy quicker because of the spread of the news and the sheer amount of people jumping in.     TLDR: Buy GME in any way or HOLD it if you cant buy more.       This is not financial advice. I LIKE THE STOCK THATS WHY I AM BUYING IT.
Contingency Plans for Various Scenarios
I’ve been thinking about what I will do in the event different types of shady shit goes down and wanted to share. Tomorrow especially is an important day for the big guys to shake out as many weak hands as possible and they are going to do  everything then can .   But this applies beyond tomorrow too.    1. More naked short ladder attacks (when the stock price goes down in a crazy straight line).   → Buy the dip and   . Also, say a prayer for my spooked comrades who went all    .   Then just wait for 4.   2. Reddit/WallStreetBets Outage   →   . They’ll be back. If they don’t come back, I’ll   just wait for 4  . It’ll be lonely by myself but the thoughts of tendies will keep me warm. 3. SEC or other halt on trading   → Take a fucking breather. This manipulation shit is stressful as fuck, I’m gonna relax for a week.      and     just wait for 4,      they have to resume at some point.    4. The stock price starts going up astronomically   🌕   🌕   🌕   🌕   🌕   🌕   →The one we've been waiting for - days, weeks, whatever it takes, I have time - has come. The squeeze is being squoze. You have successfully   ed.  And I have sell orders for 10 stocks placed at different levels; starting  around  the 1 thousand mark and then going up every few hundred dollars to 20k (fuck it, why not). 5. Enjoy Tendies!  Position: 140 stocks of GME at average of $   Of course, you should know that I am nothing but a gambling degenerate and this is not financial advice.  TL;DR 4 and 5. 1 if possible.
WeBull Opened for Trading GME and AMC!
I will fucking buy tomorow! FELLOW NON-AMERICAN CITIZENS WE SHALL AID OUR BROTHERS IN THE US.
HOLD BROTHERS! HOLD TO RUIN AND THE WORLD ENDING!
Stop Loss Sweeps - How The Game is Being Rigged
I get messages from you all from time to time saying "Hey Massive Schlong Tsukune, what the fuck is happening with GME price swings?"  Ok I don't get these messages but I want to tell you what is happening to you and  #HOW FUCKING RIGGED THIS GAME IS AGAINST US.   First - understand what a stop loss sweep is.   Here's a great article as to why you don't want to put in stop losses:     1. You put a stop loss on your GME shares.  All brokers can now see stop loss placements in their order book.  You can't see that data, but they can.  2. Brokers take a few shares of GME and sell them for ridiculously low prices to drive down the price.  Guess where they are driving that price?  To your stop loss.  3. Brokers and shorters give up a few shares at a ridiculous price to trigger your stop loss and take your shares.  Sacrifice a few shares for more shares.  4. Usually the stock rebounds after a short attack but the artificially low price is a buying opportunity that the MMs take advantage of.  5. Today you are seeing more stop loss sweeps.  You know why?  Because retail can't buy back in.  They can drop the stock, take your stock, but you can't buy back and take back shares at a low price.  Let me say this VERY fucking clearly so the retard from the SEC in the back of the room can hear this:  #We are under a coordinated attack from both the shorters and the MM's to take our shares at low prices and not buy back in.  Futhermore, the MMs are taking our shares to benefit in the ultimate short squeeze show down with the shorters.  We are now cannon fodder in this game. Somebody should copy and paste this into the wikipedia definition of market manipulation.  You fucking hear that SEC? FINRA?    You can avoid falling into this trap by taking off stop losses.   The preceding is not investing advice and only pillow talk I use to fuck your mom.  Do with it what you will.
Canadians wanting to help
Would like to help out, caught first wind of this couple days ago, what apps do you recommend to help with holding the line?
This dipshit is trying to act like he's on our side again.
Class action lawsuit
Compilation of trading bans and blockages by brokerages
We need to compile a list of the trading bans and blockages that are happening today. People need to know what actions brokerages have taken. Please contribute in comments below. Attach screenshots if you want.     Brokerage name - Robinhood  When - 1/28/2021 0800 EST to \ ongoing\   Description - "This stock is not supported on Robinhood." Disables buying stock and trading options. Only selling allowed.  Tickers affected - $GME, $AMC, $BBBY, $NOK, $BB, $KOSS, $EXPR, $NAKD, $AAL, $SNDL  Screenshots - N/A
ROBINHOOD AUTOMATICALLY SELLING SHARES OF $GME OF SOME CLIENTS
No, we didn't actually short-squeeze $GME, we had very little impact actually
First off, mods, can we please have another paper trading contest? I really think it'd be a good chance for all the new people to practice before they dip their feet into the water.     Second, there so much misinformation being shit all over the internet right now about how we caused this squeeze on $GME, and of course everybody here is happy to take credit. The reality is we didn't do shit.   First off retards, go look at the open interest here:        You'll notice as of about 2PM EST there's about 125,000 call options in open interest.  Contracts are 100 per  125,000 \  100 = 12,500,000 shares under option long  Let's assume all are delta 1 (a few of of you will know what that means). A dealer would need to own 12,500,000 to write ALL call options outstanding right now... No this doesn't mean we were   shares of volume...     There's about 56k puts (let's assume 0 delta just to prove a point). We know the negative delta balances out the positive delta for writers, but again, just to prove a point, let's assume it's 0!     Even IF we assume the puts are not apart of the equation (they are). Options dealers are not needing to buy into the market on a massive scale to delta hedge... just look at the volume...     Even on a $100 move probably on a couple million shares MAXIMUM would need to be traded to get the delta hedger to delta neutral.     Also my sister texted me today asking me how to buy the GameStop stock and she doesn't even know what present value is. So if that's not a sign we're at a top, I'm not sure what is.  Haven't put on my pride flag since I bought puts before Covid, but I'm thinking it might be time again soon.       TLDR:    We didn't do shit. We're basically a fly on the colosseum floor flying around the dead body of Melvin Capital taking credit for the kill after it was stabbed to death in brutal combat by another group of financial institutions.       Thanks for listening to my Ted Talk.
The silver short squeeze is just beginning
Silver is setting up to be the biggest short squeeze of the year. Even bigger than GME. Banks have been suppressing the price by selling shorts for years and have made billions doing it. JPM was fined $900 million for market manipulation of silver but have since gone long silver, realizing they can no longer hold down the price. Now other banks are stuck holding massive short positions and have no way of getting out. The inflation adjusted all time high of silver is around $700. That's a 28x increase from where we are now. This will be the trade of the year. Silver surfers rise up!        I have converted all my funds to SLV 25C 6/30/2021
I wonder ...
Melvin Capital is using their investors money to play a dangerous, and possibly illegal game. At this point many people, investors and regular people alike are privy to the situation with GameStop stock. But much of the coverage and high profile Twitter dialog is focusing on the GameStop side of things.  I wonder how many Melvin Capital clients are aware that they may lose their invested capital or at the least suffer subpar returns.  The mainstream and social media coverage has thus far focused on GameStop, Wallstreetbets, and the nebulous term “hedge funds”  I wonder how much pressure it would cause for Melvin Capital if their investors were aware of the situation their money was currently in.  I wonder if social media could change the current narrative and possibly alert Melvin Capital investors that their investments are on the opposite side of GameStop’s meteoric rise.  I wonder what could happen to GameStop’s share price if Melvin Capital investors were made aware of the situation and pulled their investments from the fund.  I wonder if Melvin Capital could be made an example of.  Just wondering.  This is not financial advice. This is not a call to action. All of the above takes place in Minecraft.
To Hell with Robinhood 🔥🔥🔥
Robinhood is clearly sucking the tiny cocks of Citadel and Melvin, so they can get a favorable IPO or retain more funding. Either way, if we can figure out how to destroy hedge funds, i’m sure one of you glorious autistic mfs can think of a way to wreck their IPO.   We’ve filed some lawsuits. We’re destroying their reviews. We’re pulling our money out.   Remember they stole billions of dollars from retail investors and funneled it into a few hedge funds pockets today. We need to make sure they go bankrupt, and then short them to make some money off of it. Who among you is retarded enough to take down Robinhood?  To hell with Robinhood🔥🔥🔥
If we can move the market, we can take away Robinhood’s 5-star App Store rating. It’s the least of the repercussions they deserve, but would be a nice touch.
Ben Bernake is the Senior Advisor for Citadel LLC.
FIGHT THEM WITH YOUR WALLET! Take your business elsewhere. Enough is enough
Guys, we should hit them where it hurts, meaning, don't let them continue having your business after such a disgusting move! Fight them with your wallet, take your business elsewhere. I have yet to find out which brokers didn't bend their knee before Citadel today (I'm hearing WeBull didn't restrict anything but I may be wrong).   Let's show them that they ain't worth shit without us!  I have left 1-star review, closing all my positions and taking the money out! We have to stand our ground or they will keep pushing our boundaries further and further
Citadel et al the hedgies
What other stocks are these fuckers in large short positions in? Anything that's above the 50%+ mark on short %??? Also theoretically if brokers are full out stopping stocks due to "volatility" what would happen if this happens to a Silver ETF tied to physical silver assets? Wouldn't the freeze absolutely wreck the market 10x more since silver is a global asset vs gme? What happens if this happens to any type of etf attached to actual commodity futures?(crude, silver, gold etc) wouldn't it wreak absolute havoc on the suits & hedgies on a global scale?  EDIT: UPVOTE THE POSTS WITH ACTUAL INFO VS THE SPAM. so I can or we can filter this out. I have the attention span of a fly and Einstein type autism so I need focused. Lol  Also this isn't investing advice or attempts at collaboration (fuck you cnbc). Just curious
Don’t be fooled, politicians are not our friends. They are all bought and sold by big finance, read this post from a Robin Hood employee to look behind the curtain
Robinhood Insider Information  I work for Robinhood. Don't kill me.  Low-level, technical shit, comp sciences major, not finance side.   Guess what we overhead today?   Vladimir, yes founder Vladimir, and the C-Suite, received calls from Sequoia Capital and the White House that pressured into closing trading on GME etc. I guarantee you the same took place at E-Trade and the others who closed trading.   File reports on the SEC page. If I wasn't scared to be out of work in a pandemic I'd quit. I'm disgusted. We all need to rise up, this is as bad as it gets when we talk about how the rich get one set of rules, and the rest of us get screwed 🪛 over, and over, and over again left to bail them out and pick up the tab for their trillion dollar tax breaks. We need to pile pressure on every government and financial institution involved in this travesty of justice.   I'm taking a massive career risk even posting here but fuck these motherfuckers.
Fuck JP Morgan - Silver
The more we get into understanding how manipulated this sector is, it is unbelievable.     Squeezing JP Morgan will be almost impossible but this should be looked at. Manipulating Level 2 to show false information with no intention to execute these trades.     Navinder Singh, an individual retail trader who was responsible for doing the same exact thing was arrested. Why does JP Moragn get to manipulate and get away with it ?                 Even after this, they are doing it again.
This aged well.
opening e-trade account now. first one to message me ill use promo
I really LIKE GME and AMC
Closed positions at a loss to buy the GME dip, WeBull has now stopped trades also. Not a word or notice anywhere until you actually go to make the trade.
How you can still buy GME/BB with a credit card if your money's tied up in RH
Hear me out.  Get a fidelity account.  Get a second email address if you don't have one, use your buddies, mom's, sisters, wife's bfs, work, whatever phone number and get a new venmo.   Add your credit card to the new venmo account and venmo your nornal venmo money using the credit card you'll pay a 3% fee or so. Yes you are venmoing yourself money off of your credit card. You got to use a different credit card than the one linked with your venmo. It's called diversifying.  Transfer that money from your venmo to your debit card instantly for another 3% fee. It's now instantly in your bank account.  Deposit into Fidelity using ACH. They give you a certain amount of money to spend before it settles like Robin Hood.  Buy and HoLd.   Edit: (Only use money you have or are waiting to transfer. Don't pay interest on this shit)  Venmo doesn't count as cash advance ethier!  I   a financial advisor. If I was I'd have no customers this isn't good advice.
ROBINHOOD WILL BURN
I can't be the only guy that thinks of this shit
This guy is the SOLE OWNER of Point72, a VC operating w $3BILLION of Citadel $ and invested $750 Million shorting GME... oh ya and he owns the PoS Met’s. Can we ruin this Toxic Boomer? PLEASE💩🛸
Volkswagen short squeeze from 2008, the red is [YOU] right now!
$320 or nothing I want it all
Citadel executes order 66 but we're still mooing  IF YOURE IN STAY IN, WE LIKE THE STOCK
Tap Pic       s. AMC is a value investment.
We are at FUCKING WAR!
These big hedge funds and trading platforms think that 5 million autists can't beat them? We are in for the long haul! Fuck all these guys on the top trying to steal money from under our noses. We now have the backing from AOC, Musk, Dave Portnoy, Mark Cuban, the Winklevoss twins, Shapiro, and many others. The second that these companies open trading I am going to buy the fuck out of GME and everyone else should also (but first get your shit out of Robinhood.) If we are going to prove we are on top we have to hit these people where it hurts the most. Their wallets.  Good luck to everyone and I know that we will come out of this richer than ever. This has become more than a meme now and it will end badly for anyone that gets in the way.     GME TO THE MOOOOOONNNNNN!!!!!!!
Put ridiculous sell limits on your shares! This prevents them from being borrowed to be shorted! If they don’t want us to buy and only sell then come and get them at a 1000% mark up!   🏻
What would happen if everyone exercised their ITM GME calls today? These same funds would be forced to buy to cover, thus providing huge buying pressure for GME, and putting more shares in our pockets! FUCK THEM! I LIKE THIS STOCK.
Low functioning retard here, full of stupid ideas, but this one might be the most autistic thought I have had in my life.  I was talking with a friend of mine about this, and the credit goes to him, u/Always2xDown. We all know millions of shares of GME are exposed through options contracts right now, which should provide us the ability to "exercise to close" those contracts anytime we want... well for American contracts that is.  If we cannot buy GME shares out right, we should still have the right to buy them through our prior negotiated terms of the options contracts we currently own. If we cannot buy our shares freely on the open market as our personal liberty and freedom should allow us to do, we can still exercise and buy our shares that way.  The number of shares covered in these contracts is obnoxiously huge, and I'm not talking about the shares that need to be bought for just this Friday, I'm talking about the number of shares across the options chain. It would likely require the purchase of 100s of millions of GME shares that end up in our pockets, and in theory the shorts would still be short.  Someone with at least one functioning brain tell let me know why this won't work. My half of a brain cell cannot fully comprehend this. If we like this stock, and want our shares, why can't we exercise to get them?     Edit: The main feedback is lack of capital to buy the shares. My counter argument is a lot of us bought long dated contracts when GME was still trading at $15, so surely some of us can exercise our $30c and under contracts - no?
GET EM BOIZ
HOLD BOYZ HOLD!! BUY IF YOU CAN AND HOLD <3 THIS IS ONCE IN A LIFETIME> PERIOD>. DEEP FUCKING VALUE>. ROCKET SHIP MOON LANDING
yes maybe not long term. BUT SHORTS WILL HAVE TO COVER THEIR POSITIONS. THEY SHORTED THE STOCK 40 MILLION SHARES THAT DONT EXIST. BY BLOCKINGS US FROM BUYING MORE STOCKS TODAY IS A BIG F\ \ \  YOU TO RETAIL INVESTORS LIKE ME AND YOU. WHEN 100 of thousands of contracts expire tomorrow and 10 of millions of shares are owed by short sellers to cover all those call options that was created as much as 2-3 years ago.. they will have to buy back those shares to cover their "BETS". If you buy and hold now and don't sell those shares, PRICE GOES TO THE MOON.. its has literally come to retail vs hedge funds corporations. I agree FUNDAMENTALLY this play makes ZERO sense( at this price point may I add because game stop is trying for a turnaround) BUT IM JUST ACTUALLY UNDERSTANDING WHAT IS HAPPENING AND STANDING UP FOR WHAT IS RIGHT. IM PERSONALLY HOLDING THIS BAG. ESPECIALLY AFTER ALL THE ATTENTION THIS IS GETTING.. How do we react when something becomes unavailable to us anymore? it becomes rare, its becomes unique. VALUE RAISES. GME STOCK AFTER THIS MOVE TO ME IS WORTH 1000++ easy. THEY ARE MAKING IT KNOWN TOO YOU SINCE THEY NOW MADE IT UNAVAILABLE FOR ME AND YOU TO BUY.. I DONT THINK THATS FAIR.. ONTOP of THE PUBLIC KNOWING THIS IS WRONG AND MANIPULATION. MILLIONS OF MIDDLE CLASS AND HARD WORKING AMERICANS ARE GETTING THE FINGER TODAY BECAUSE BIG HEDGE FUNDS ARE GETTING BUTT F\ \ \ ED AND LOSING in ACTUALITY. yes this it not a fundamental trade. its a stand up for what is right and ride/die. that's me and always will be. willing to lose every last dollar. HOLDING
Seems Sen Mike Lee of UT is on our side too.
Robinhood seems to be automatically selling peoples GME shares.
Short float still at 121% according to S3 Partners as of noon 1/28/21
edit: not a financial adviser, and long GME.
and now all of them collectively are saying regular people who struggle are the ones who rig stuff. The nerve of these people. They are digging their own grave. This only gives the Autists more energy.
Hold $GME !!!!! We’re all in this Together Everyone!
Ill watch my portfolio go to 0 before I sell my shares
I got NOK GME and BB and I will sit this out maybe even load up and buy more. I cant let them win with dirty tricks. U americans always talk about freedom and free market but the only thing I see is a market that is as long free as it serves the rich people. Power to the Players.  So fuck it.  No financial advice.
Thank you Dave Portnoy!!! Calling out the big boys!!!!! Watch his video on his Twitter (@stoolpresidente). And connect the money dots. Also, thank you mods!!!!!!!
Robinhood is SELLING people's GameStop shares WITHOUT their consent.
Apparently retail is helping the super rich and screwing the little hedge fund guys... 🤡 OK Boomerberg
They cancelled my NOK then blocked it from being bought!
I’ve joined the fight!
After missing out on GME I decided to hop in on AMC and now I’m in the fight with the rest of you! To the moon we go
I fucking love you retards
These clowns are going down, who is everyone switching to?
Guys, he's just trying to make a living.
My kids will be taught one name growing up... u/DEEPFUCKINGVALUE
Watching everything unfold right now across all news sources, Twitter and Instagram is history in the making. Names from every corner of the political compass keep coming in and showing support for the retail investors. Bipartisan agreement from polarizing names like AOC ~~and Ted Cruz~~ really give me hope.  This will be a revolution like none other, and I have one man to thank u/DEEPFUCKINGVALUE. My kids will know your name and the army you led. I WILL NOT SELL. FREE RETAIL. TO THE MOON.  (Shares at $   Edit 1: Although AOC rejected Ted Cruz, she still seems open about talking with republicans and the GOP
HOLD THAT LINE.  🏻
AOC Turning into Dave Portnoy
Merrill Edge is now blocking AMC/GME transactions as well! Class action against Merrill!   GME to the moon!
Can we ban fucking robinhood screenshots? If we can only share other brokerage screenshots RH will usage will drop. They did this.
We need to ban Robinhood screenshots as a way to get users to move away from that trash brokerage. They fucking started delisting any stock that had volume and larger percentage changes today. Fucking AAL??? Are you kidding me??  Fuck Robinhood. It's a simple move but could save people from creating or using a RH account and losing their ability to trade. No one should be forced to sell stocks and not buy, how can you be a trader when someone is telling you what you can and cannot buy with baseless context that they're protecting you. Fuck that.  _#deleterobinhood
GET YOUR ASS AT 8:30 ON TWITCH
The only thing going down are    hedge funds
An open letter to the President and Vice President of the United States of America
Dear, Mr. President and Madam Vice President,  I am writing to you on behalf of myself, though I expect much of my thoughts will be shared by others.  Though you may never see this, I shall speak regardless for I believe that you will feel what I have to say even if you never hear my voice.  I must admit I did not vote for you in the past election, and more regrettably, I have never participated in any form of political affairs but I feel compelled to speak now.  I believe this is an unprecedented display of unity to which we are currently privileged to bear witness.  Over the course of the last few days I have seen with my own eyes and heard with my own ears the sights and sounds of a people united.    Personally, I have already won the lottery so to speak.  As a first generation immigrant, I was lucky enough to be accepted by this country, both in principle and by the principles of the people here.  I have been fortunate to have amazing teachers, wonderful role models, and some of the best life coaches to have ever had the misfortune of coming across me as a pupil.  Yet despite all of this, I have been selfish and focused on my own financial success without much regard to others.  In another world, in another life, perhaps I would be looking at this current situation from the other side of this lens had fortune been kinder but fate been more cruel.  To my fellow Americans and all of our friends across the world, what a time it is to be alive!  It has been and will continue to be an honor to stand with you.  Even on the news outlets that parrot the case for the billionaires, I see you speaking with your own voice!  The terms left-leaning and right-leaning have lost their meaning on this one issue as we stand united.  Long days and longer nights are ahead for many and the only thing I ask from you is to simply continue living your lives, showing love and kindness as I know you already do everyday.  Take care of your own mental well-being and ensure that you do not miss the little joys of everyday life.  Around the world, people understand the language of hope and thus I speak plainly.   Mr. President and Madam Vice President, I have every confidence in your administration and the current authorities to levy fair judgment at this critical juncture in our history.  Thank you for your consideration and all I ask for a fair contest.  Best, Theocletian
As a rebuke to Robinhood, I will be withdrawing all of my funds (I did not buy GME)
I did not buy GME, but am still pissed off at Robinhood for it harming all of you by pandering to hedge funds.  Robinhood turned on its customer base today. As a result, I will be withdrawing everything. This is a substantial sum ($260k). It will result in taxes for me, but I am fed up with Robinhood‘a actions. There is only one thing that will teach Robinhood who their customers really are, and that is if I react to their bad behavior by withdrawing my funds.  Goodbye Robinhood.
I'd like to point out something interesting, This is not advice, just education
So brokers can be switched without actually selling your securities. You can set up a transfer of your securities from Broker X to Broker Y. Normally there is a small fee for this and it can take some time, but let's say you REALLY don't like your broker and REALLY like a different broker. You can take whatever financial securities you have and transfer them directly. Doing this would be a shame for the broker you are leaving because they no longer have your cash or securities to.. ahem.. lend out.   Anyone else thinking about transferring ALL of their diverse portfolios into a different brokerage? One that might have policies and fee structure more aligned with your personal convictions?
Thanks for the discount idiots
Just bought 3 more shares in GME. This time, it's out of principle. We won't be stepped on!
I'm in Canada, used Wealthsimple Trade (use limit order or will take a while to process).
If noone can buy,will the price still go up if we just keep holding??
With all the markets closed on GME,will it still climb if we hold?
Swedish retard here to help   Not selling   couldnt do more than this im poor
Suggestions for alternative brokers for everyone leaving RH and others for market manipulation?
Just withdrew 99% of my funds from my Alpaca Markets account since they just decided to pull the same move as RH without any warning.  Anyone have any suggestions for brokers to switch to? Preferably a broker that allows trading via API, but really any broker that is still above board at this point would be good.
It’s all holding now
We own the stocks, we have the numbers, bleed them dry
NOK NOK, WHOS THERE?
WE TAKIN SPACE X TO MARS BOIS
TheStreet on Twitter: Rep. Ocasio-Cortez (D-New York) called Robinhood's trading restrictions 'unacceptable.' Sen. Cruz (R-Texas) responded: 'Fully Agree.'
$GME HOLD THE LINE AUTISTS. A cornered beast is more dangerous. This is them throwing EVERYTHING they have at us because they're getting more desperate.
Think about it. Sudden trading restrictions on multiple brokers (I can't sell to open puts to get more tasty shares), completely no GME purchases allowed on Robinhood (which I assume is probably one of the most widely used by retail) and now even a tip potentially confirming the blatant market manipulation?     As a semi-OG GME bull (went all in around \~$15), the shorts were already manipulating the stock. Random 10%, 20% down days out of NOWHERE, what makes you think they're going to stop now after coming this far?   A cornered beast will be even more dangerous  . They will literally do anything to stop the bleed now, and all we need is to hold. My opinion is that we must be close to the breaking point if they have to resort to new levels of dirty tricks.  Who knows, what if another filing comes up? Or if RC tweets another  ? What if more lawsuits come out AH? Or more news about leaders uniting over this GME war?  Disclaimer: this is not financial advice. Positions: 6000+ shares. Added on the dip. Risking losing my millionaire status here after coming back from the grave and I'm honestly scared but
:’(
Need some help with counting
Does anybody know how to count  I have some free alpha right here but I think I forgot what happens after number 5.  Hold the line lads.
What to buy? To broke for GME
So I'm to broke for GME stocks, which other should I get into?  Update: going to get a few in AMC and naked. I'll start small and hopefully get a rise. Thanks everyone!   Also, may this thread help other broke redditors!
Transferring funds to TD Ameritrade and buying more GME was quick and easy for anyone looking for another way to buy.
I ain't selling a single share of GME, you will have to pry them from my cold dead hands.
New Trading Platform After January 28th
Robinhood is dead.  Moving forward we need another or a new Trading Platform that won't collude with the billionaires to marginalize retail investors.  Currently we're at a precipice created by the big wigs to halt our ascension.  Who can we rely on to bridge together the rise of the retail trader, from our current position, to a market where the retail trader is free without asterisks.   SN enjoy January 28 by J. Cole " IF YOU AIN'T AIM TOO HIGH, THEN YOU AIMED TO LOW"
NOK YOLO - It's not much but it's what I got!
All in with my shitty IRA, lets go!
If you have a Robinhood account, you should know you can transfer your holdings
It will take a few days, but if you have an existing account elsewhere - initiate a transfer. If you dont have an existing account elsewhere -- consider opening one.
Insider info
Confusion intensifies
Where can i buy gme
Where can i buy? with  robin hood being bums i want to join the train?
🤬🤬 ROBINHOOD LIES! 🤬🤬 I DIDN’T CANCEL 🤬🤬
STILL IN GME & BB HOLDING LIONEL RITCHIE STLYE
What a bunch of scoundrels and utter nonsense today  Hold strong my pretties
F IT. 10K IN ON GME.
Just bought 10k through Chase. LFG.
Robinhood just blocked my sell order because it's "too far away from its current market price"
The Hero going for the Dragon's Head
will AMC, NOK, and or NAKD do the same as GME?
Is this whole thing only happening with GME or will it be NOK, AMC, NAKD, BB, etc?
Hypocrites.
Fuck robinhood
Just got here - cannot buy GME, but will AMC help out?
I've always been retarded, didn't know we could band together!     (just put $100 into AMC - it ain't much, just doing my part)
HOLD!
Buy $AMC Now
Keep it alive. They will have to open up sooner than you think. Let’s win as one united people.
Call it what it is -
Is Apple shielding RobinHood from review bombings?
Went to check if RobinHood's reviews were taking a shit like they should be, but they're still at   in the Apple App Store. However, there are   ZERO   reviews from today. Maybe I'm just ignorant (I'm a lurker with no money in this game I'm just a broke Redditor who finds this stuff fascinating), but this whole situation all-around has my blood boiling.
Petition to Sue Robinhood
Today, Robinhood engaged in one of the most egregious acts of market manipulation in history. Robinhood sells its order flow to Citidel, one of the hedge funds that bailed out Melvin Capital. Citidel has an interest in driving down the price of GME, AMC, NOK, and other similar stocks. By preventing users from being able to buy, Robinhood artificially manipulated the market and drove down the prices to help their hedge fund pals.  Please sign this petition to sue these bastards.     Every single one of us deserves to be compensated for arguably the most worst act of market manipulation in history.
Welcome to communist America, Where censorship is key, and the elitists get to make fools out of us
For everyone asking me to prove that I would YOLO my Deep ITM call gains into shares today: here you go.
Hello there
How do i buy these tasty skonks in YUROP??
Help me get rid of my savings pls
$GME Gang, too late for 1 more??
Liquidated all my stocks and put everything in $GME just now. I’ve been watching from the sidelines thinking I was too late for weeks, after the blatant market manipulation today I figured I was either with the suits or with the tards.. I choose the tards everyday.
GME TRADING HALT NOT DUE TO ROBINHOOD, BUT CITADEL????
At this point, it sounds like almost all the retail brokers have halted buying of GME, AMC, and KOSS. Public, Stash, and Webull have said it is because their clearing broker, Apex Clearing told them too. Note Robinhood uses its own clearing broker now, Robinhood Securities. It left Apex in 2018. Some, like TD Ameritrade, do self-clearing. Although TDA also uses a separate, affiliated clearing broker similar to Robinhood in addition to self-clearing.        The clearing brokers are not the end of the chain. They route orders to market makers who can internalize the order (take the other side) or send it to an exchange.  It goes like this:  Retail customer places order -> Retail Broker -> Clearing Broker -> Market Maker -> 1) Internalize or 2) Exchange.  SEC Rule 606 requires all broker-dealers to report the % they route they orders to and their routing policies. For example, for September 2020 nonS&P500 (aka GME, among others) orders, Robinhood routed between 38% and 65% of its various order types (market, limit, etc) to Citadel.     TD Ameritrade and its affiliate clearing broker sends up to 40% of orders to CITADEL.     It's well reported that Citadel and Point72 backed up Melvin Capital on their short GME position. (Note Citadel is actually multiple companies, including the asset management company then the market making company. I'm not sure which company actually loaned money for the shorts. Wiki says the market maker is a subsidiary of the asset management company).     So this is unconfirmed speculation at this point, but is it possible Citadel told all the clearing brokers routing to it to halt buying or it would withdraw it's business? If so, that seems like clear market manipulation, especially given its interest in the short positions of Melvin.  Even so, why would it matter? Other market makers like Virtu Americas should be able to step in and take the order-flow business that Citadel won't... right?  Can anybody with time on their hands pull the Rule 606 disclosure reports for all the retail and clearing brokers and make a map to see who is involved? Then see what hedge funds are related to the various market makers? Who are the other shorts? I've only seen Melvin and Citron, but they don't have the entire short position on GME do they? The coordinated shutdown of retail buyers today certainly seems like collusion.  Positions: Holding GME             ETA1: Hearsay that it wasn't Robinhood:           Other analysis:
Just bought 3 share of GME on TD Ameritrade. Set type to market instead of limit. I'm in New York. Not sure if I found a loophole or not but I'm going to the moon with you guys!
Don’t sell My fellow autists. This is WAR !!
I don’t care about GME anymore. I don’t care about AMC anymore.   I will work one year more for retirement even if I lose 60k on this.   My kid can start college 1 year late. He/she can go to local community college.   Just don’t sell... don’t sell.
🐶 to the
You know!
Just got a call from the SEC for manipulating $DN
DEEEZ NUTZZZZZZZ
EVERYBODY FUCKING HOLD
I don’t care if it’s GME, AMC, BB or NOK. Let’s stick it to these fucks and just hold what we have. We sell when we reach the price that we want and we fuck them over in the mean time. This is the revolution.
STOCK WARS, EPISODE I: THE RISE OF $GME — MELVIN IS JUST THE BEGINNING — SEMI-EFFORTPOST, MODS PLEASE DON'T DELETE
They’ve doubled down on their shorts, I doubled down on my shares. HOLD THE LINE (250%)
I’m using fidelity to trade. I’ve had a fidelity account for a while but my friend made an account yesterday and was able to load up.      Edit:
I know its not much, but just bought 1 through vanguard!
Is GS2C the same as GME?
Bought some GS2C earlier as I was told it’s the same as GME (both are GameStop)
Good.
Trade 212 alternative for us Britbongs??
Best alternatives Trade 212? Any ideas? Absolute shit show from them over the past few days. They are just th British version of the Robin hood apps. We're there any UK trading apps that allowed buying of gme?
E-trade
Seems to be allowing purchases of it, I cant verify need assistance for verification.
Wait AOC and Elon Musk on the same team to defend Redditors on r/WallStreetBets? I love 2021!!
I expect a movie to be made of this MOMENT
and it want it to be filmed in a gme store with amc 🍿, A blackberry storm and nokia phone in the waist holster.. and deepvalue playing as himself...
=  🍆
Today looks like it's hurting for a lot of us. The big boys are trying to short us on a lot of fronts; whining to the media that we aren't playing fair.   If you have stocks right now, HOLD. If you don't, BUY. You know where to put your money.  Let's show these limp dicks how hard we can get. We haven't even begun to peak.
I won't be able to invest until Friday or Monday, will it be too late by then?
Opened up a brokerage account today, funds take 3 business days to settle, will it be too late by the to join the party? Will the squeeze be over by then?
ELON MUSK: ABSOLUTELY
Diamond Hands- A WSB Anthem
I've been watchin' you for some time   Can't stop starin' at those          Burning hedges and zero fucks   Fifteen shares inside those          Your         No fair   You really know how to make me hard   When you gimme those          I'm holdin   My tendies are so damn high   Fallin' into your          Those         You fucking retards have opened my eyes   Can't stop thinkin' of your diamond mind   Wife's Boyfriend made friends with me   He left her lonely with a diamond mind   And those        No fair   You really know how to make me hard   When you gimme those          I'm holdin   My tendies are so damn high   Fallin' into your          Those         Da, da-da,gme, da-da   Da-da-da,gme,da, da   Da, da, da, da,gme, da-da-da-da   GME   GME   GME  No fair   You really know how to make me hard   When you gimme those          I'm holdin   My tendies are so damn high   Fallin' into your          Those
Is this proof that Robinhood tried to suppress retail investors?
1611889072
I'm not selling. But what can we expect this evening or tomorrow?
Robinhood closing out positions for GME, insane
SHOULD I SELL AMC? 🖕🏻
WHAT IS THE REALISTIC ODDS OF $AMC SOARING
Webull not allowing GME purchases either
HOLD THE LINE BROTHERS AND SISTERS! This is something the USSR would pull...
ELON IS WITH US
UPVOTE IF YOU HAVE DIAMOND HANDS, HOLD THE LINE
Not me, found on Twitter. Is this happening to people?
Look at this clown
For all new comers
If RH doesn't allow trading of GME for a few more days does that screw us over?
EVERYONE IS TRYING TO STOP US! LET THEM KNOW THE POWER WE HAVE. HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD TO THE MOON     🤚
imagine getting a free share of gme almost a year ago for signing up for robinhood, not doing anything with it, waking up and seeing the headlines right now. you know i’m not letting this go right? #HOLDTHELINE #TAXTHERICH
Stash on that same bs as Robinhood... "Our clearing firm, Apex Holdings, has decided to halt the buying of $GME and $AMC."
Brokers where you can buy GME right now
USA - ETRADE, FIDELITY, TDAMERITRADE, VANGUARD, SCHWAB, DOUGH, SoFi, MORGAN STANLEY, VANGUARD  CANADA - TD, WEALTHSIMPLE, RBC DIRECT INVEST, SCOTIA iTRADE  UK/EUROPE - FREETRADE PLUS, ~~INTERACTIVE BROKER~~, DEGIRO, SCALABLE CAPITAL, REVOLUT, HARGREAVES LANDSDOWNE, AJ BELL, VANGUARD  NORDICS - NORDNET, AVANZA (SWEDEN)           UPDATE 1:   Reports below that webull are allowing it now as well, but they've been unreliable.    UPDATE 2:   Fidelity keeps crashing, use one of the others. IB also being unreliable. Check comments below for real time updates.    UPDATE 3:   Remember not to sell your positions, that's what they're trying to make you do. Either hold them and buy more with the new broker, or  transfer  them to the new broker. I setup an account with Revolut this morning and was able to buy more today. Please also remember I am an autist and this is not financial advice.
This is real
IDIOCRACY PREDICTED THIS
ELON IS TAKING US TO MARS
Insider information from within Robinhood's walls
BTFD!
buy nasdaq:ino, make profit and contribute to squeeze citron and friends short positions.
inovio (NASDAQ:INO) is the most shorted biotech stock with a coronavirus vaccine candidate in development. short-sellers have targeted Inovio because of the surge of the shares in may-june 2020. the bubble popped in June; it has since given up much of that gain.     moreover, inovio makes among the most robust candidates for cancer vaccines, currently undergoing clinical trials.     fyi, here is what citron research has to say about INO:     which has led many investors (and themselves) to short the stock a month later. all of that from preposterous accusations. buy ino, make citron eat the dirt.
No, not you too!
I tried my best guys!!
This market manipulation just blew my account!!  GME alone was enough to blow all my shit... throw AMC in for good measure and you've got a blown account!!  Oh, and as a result of the above my broker sold my BB shares to cover my ass.  I tried and failed.
Stay strong, hold the line and we will win! The WSJ reporting that the market turmoil is now spreading to other hedge funds
Wall Street Hedge Funds Stung by Market Turmoil    More hedge funds are being hit by losses on the recent market turmoil.  Traders say the pain that has afflicted top hedge funds Melvin Capital Management and Maplelane Capital in recent days is spreading, as an increasing number of stocks with significant short interest surge and as funds dealing with losses pull back their exposure to the stock market on both the long and short sides of their portfolios.  That means funds are getting hurt even on previously profitable bets on companies as those share prices fall.  Candlestick Capital Management, a roughly $3 billion Greenwich, Conn., hedge fund started by former Citadel portfolio manager Jack Woodruff, was down in the low-to-mid-teens for the year through Wednesday, said a person familiar with the fund. It was up 26% in 2020, its first year. Newsletter Sign-up Markets  D1 Capital Partners, a top-performing fund in recent years founded by former Viking Global investment chief Dan Sundheim, was down about 20% for the year through Wednesday. Its substantial portfolio of investments in private companies has buffered the fund from a bigger loss. D1 managed $20 billion at the start of the year.  Steven A. Cohen’s Point72 Asset Management, which together with Citadel and its partners injected $  billion in emergency financing into Melvin Monday, was down about 10% for the year through earlier this week and suffered losses Tuesday and Wednesday, said people familiar with the matter.  Bloomberg News was first to report the performances of D1 Capital and Point72.  Some funds that have sustained severe losses are seeking influxes of cash to help stabilize their firms.  Maplelane, which started the year with about $  billion and was down roughly 30% for the year through Tuesday, sustained additional losses that saw it down about 45% for the year through Wednesday, said people familiar with the fund. One of the people said the losses Wednesday stemmed from degrossing, or cutting back its exposure to the stock market. That included reducing position sizes and exiting names to limit losses.  Maplelane is a low-profile hedge fund that has rarely marketed to investors in the past. But it has discussed raising between $300 million and $500 million with potential clients, said people familiar with the fund.  The losses have come during a period of frenetic trading, with shares of companies such as GameStop Corp. and AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc. shooting wildly higher. Individual investors have claimed victory for the violent moves unmoored from the underlying fundamentals of companies. The rising prices have prompted bearish investors to buy back shares they had sold short to cut their losses, pushing the stock higher still.
Papa Elon has spoken! Hold tight my boys and gals!
At what point is a sell off a good idea. Legit question from someone who just sunk $500 into AMC+NOK.
The day may come when the courage of men fails! But it is not this day!
How do we know   wasnt the peak? Is this drop natural?.. FYI
1611888895
What broker should I switch to because of gme?
Should I wait till this gme lawsuit goes through? Is there a way to transfer my shares to a new broker or do I have to sell and re-buy?
ROBINHOOD MANIPULATION FAILED NO   🤚🏼HERE! I have to admit I was scared when you couldn’t buy and can only sell but I didn’t fold
TO ALL MINOR INVESTORS! i know you see the dip and its scary possible loosing what little you got, but even us little guys gotta stay strong! WERE JUST AS IMPORTANT!!! JUST GOT +2 GME ON THE DIP FOR THE LITTLE GUYS!!
From the words of insync     BABY  BUY BUY BUY
HOW TO TRANSFER YOUR ACCOUNT FROM ROBINHOOD TO FIDELITY (QUICK AND EASY AND PAINLESS)
If you're from the UK, you can make a complaint about Trading212's shitty behaviour here. This is fucking disgusting....
"CLASS ACTION" in Google brings up the ROBINHOOD Tweet, THEY'RE FUCKED
Where can I invest in NOK?
I have a little money to invest but what broker is allowing the purchase of NOK?
TIAA is allowing ALL STONKS - GME, AMC, NOK, and BB

This isnt just a RobinHood issue, Trading212 (UK's Robinhood) is also restricting retail investors
U member blockupy?
Depending on the upcoming events, blockupy 20ties edition is more than welcome.
PROPOSAL: Ban any posts of users posting from Robinhood after this is all over. We need to support ethical and fair brokerages.
We need to encourage users to invest in a brokerages that won't let them down and wont manipulate the market.      Not just robinhood, but EVERY SINGLE FUCKING BROKERAGE WHO PULLED THIS SHIT.      I propose that 1 month from now, we DO NOT ALLOW robinhood screenshots or position as a subwide rule.
HOLD GME. BUY AMC. THAT SIMPLE. THEY ARE STILL BLEEDING! THEYRE BLEEDING BAD TOO!
THEY ARE HURTING. WE HAVE HURT THEM AND IT SHOWS. KEEP GOING. THEY ARE PRAYING WE STOP
Trading 2-1-2 sold my stocks without my permission
Just want to put it out there that i tried to put a stop order through yesterday for my stocks, however trading 2-1-2 app just sold them instead. Theres no record of this sell on the app (you can see all transactions). I wonder has this happened to anyone else?
FIRST TIME BUYING
£200 IN NOK DID I DO GOOD?
Schwab let me buy GME after having it frozen for a period of time.... 1 share for $250 to help the cause. I had to be a part of the rebellion. Feels good.
DONT SELL GME
For those of us who cannot buy GME
Just saw a table of stocks over shorted, GME at over 200%, but interesting Dillards $DDS, and Ligand Pharmaceuticals $LGND are also over shorted, at 110 and 107 percent respectively, and have over 2B market caps, would those be good candidates for those who cannot currently get on GME
Market manipulation shown by Justin Kan (Twitch Founder)
What is this shit, Robinhood? $GME
Here's what you tell people when they ask you about the 'Fundamentals" behind current prices
TL;DR: This is NOT a fundamentals trade. This is a liquidity play. Do not let people tell you otherwise.   Every interview I see on the news is trying to divert the conversation towards the central question of '  do you see any fundamental value here?'. This is classic misdirection. Even by extremely bullish estimates, we are probably trading over the 'true' fundamental value of the stock. This fact is not lost on anybody here. But by fixing the conversation to 'fundamentals', the media is trying to frame a story where there is NO OTHER 'right' way of trading stocks.    What about technical traders who purely look for demand-supply levels as well as technical indicators such as Fib levels, Elliot cycles, etc?   What about algorithmic traders who rely on maximizing profits from micro-movements in stocks?   What about scalpers? Swing traders? Day-traders? Momentum-investors?   And perhaps most relevant of all - what about liquidity-based traders who find stocks that are over-shorted by greedy hedge funds and decide to teach them a lesson by locking in shares, forcing the funds to buy them back at exorbitant prices?    Don't let people trick you into selling your positions because the stock is trading over its 'fundamental value'. That's NOT what this is about. That's just the media reframing the story to make retail investors look bad and misinformed.    Also, where were the fundamentals when the stock was trading at $3? Weren't most analyst predictions higher than this price point? Why did it suddenly become so relevant?   Media and brokerages are not there to look out for you - they're answerable only to their shareholders and couldn't care less if you made or lost money. Exercise caution while listening to what they say. I'm not saying everyone out there is a greedy bastard (I'd pay to shine Chadmath's shoes). Just ensure that you're well-informed and not being manipulated.   Positions: 500 shares of rocket fuel ($GME)      Disclaimer: This is not investment advice. I'm only writing this up because     I      LIKE      THE      FUCKMOTHERING      STOCK      Edit: /u/GamingGeek87 just informed me that
Reposting this incredibly helpful visual of the GME short ladder attack today.
Invest in grubhub
Just bought 2 shares
It’s all I can really afford right now but YOLO GME GME GME GME GME GME GME          TO THE MOOOOOOOON
INOH imagine the potential
$ATOS LETS GO!
These are my shares. There are many like them but these are mine. And I'm not fucking selling so get fucked HFs!
HOLD!!!!
Guys, they’re not letting you buy shares for a reason, because these shares are fucking gold. So if you already have GME shares keep holding. Eventually they will get a margin call, they’ll have to close their position, and the squeeze will happen.   Hear me out, when the squeeze happens the stock market will have a major pull back because hedge funds need to sell all their positions in order to cover up for their losses.  One last thing, the max we can ever be is 100% their max is infinite... they’re down more than 100%. You really want them to win? They’re already down so much more than most of us.  Good luck holding soldiers we’re still in war.
The FI still gonna short. RETARDS ARE NOT THE ONE SELLING, HOLD THE LINE!!!           🏻 🏻 🏻 🏻 🏻 🏻 🏻 🏻
Yup frozen stocks
We did it WSB, we have united the United State of America!
If you had said to me 3 weeks ago after what happened at the capitol, "You know what will unite this country after the coup?  A bunch of retards on reddit YOLOing all their money on a stock"  I would have laughed my ass off.  But holy shit, we fucking did it.  AOC, Cruz, DT Jr, Warren and others are all openly in agreement on an issue.  I never thought I'd live long enough to see it.
Am I right to be terrified by what's happening with BB?
I dumped all of my stocks and a solid chunk of my savings into BB at $  I'm a regular ass dude like you all, playing with money I'm okay with losing but would still massively suck. School loans, car payments, etc. Yesterday I was feeling like a fucking genius following the advice of this sub. Are we freaking the fuck out right now? I've continued to hold, but can someone explain how this will turn the tables in our favor? Any reassurance?  Edit  HEY you fucking retards. I wouldn’t be playing with the stock market if I knew I could lose the money. Quit being so retarded. I’m holding god damnit just tell me it’s gonna be fine.  Also I’m on Robinhood and wish I could’ve bought when it dipped under $14. Fucking bastards.
EVERYONE WITH A SHARE OF GME HAS BOUGHT A PIECE OF HISTORY
Whether you realise it or not, that little GME icon you have on your phone is a piece of history that you own.   Hold onto it, we won't ever live through something like this again.
Where can I move after Robin Hood
I have all my stocks in Robinhood after all this over the weekend I will 100% move everything out I’m just wondering where I should go to next I’ve seen a lot of E trader but I’m wondering if there’s a smaller trading site we could all move to
Does anyone have any confirmation of this being true / widespread?
I have no idea if this is fake or not, but if it is I'd imagine its pretty damning to robinhood
Tendie man keep the diamond hand
EToro restricting buys of GME due to orders from its liquidity provider.
What sites are safe
I wanna do my bit for GME from the   What stock trading apps are best ?
CITADEL IS DOUBLING DOWN, THIS IS WAR
CITADEL ARE THE ONES BEHIND IT ALL, FORGET ROBIN HOOD, WE GO FOR CITADEL AND KILL ROBIN HOOD ALONG THE WAY
I don't understand this sub. Why are you guys buying in GameStop when Steam is way better?  🕹
See title
FOR MY   🏻 STILL HOLDING
CITADEL ARE THE ONES BEHIND IT ALL, FORGET ROBIN HOOD, WE GO FOR CITADEL AND KILL ROBIN HOOD ALONG THE WAY
Trading with my cousin, where should we spend? GME or AMC?
We're from Brazil and hoping to get a share of the pie of history you guys are making here
You know full well you're doing something right when Tumblr stands with you. KEEP HOLDING.

Based Elon supports AOC, BUY
Citadel loaded short pos before forcing RH to shut down buys
And we would have gotten away with it if it weren’t for you meddling kids.
Just bought more shares from Canada, I refuse to sell until I see justice and short sellers dried up. Will buy more throughout the day!
Today's Anthem

Robinhood CEO, just yesterday said "Our mission, which is to give everyone access to the financial system". What a joke.
So if more shares were sold than available float existed...
Then that means people are in a position with shares that don’t exist. Obviously, this is criminal on the part of brokers and hedge funds that managed to sell something they couldn’t obtain. But outside of that, how does one become whole? How do those that bought shares actually have the transaction settled?  I think some serious fuckery is going on with the brokers today and they are dealing with just this—figuring out how they settle transactions for shares that don’t actually exist. We are taking the shit end of the deal when it is the hedge funds’ fault.  This is also providing cover for for the shorts to cover in a closed market without true price discovery through supply and demand.
Can Robinhood close GME positions involuntarily?
Is it possible for Robinhood to close positions on our behalf?
Chillin'
Bringing back u/A_SARCASM_DETECTOR post from 3 years ago LOL [ Perfect timing for it ]
Steve Cohen just asked What's the Beef?
It was at this point, Steven Cohen just fucked up. RETARDS ASSEMBLE!
APEX HOLDINGS ARE BLOCKING ALL BUYING ON GME
This has nothing to do with the brokers. The clearing firm Apex Holdings is the one instructing all the major brokers to halt buying on GME, BB, AMC, etc.   MAKE YOUR VOICE HEARD.
Is this for real?
You get what you f  king deserve! UPVOTE!
Buying on E-Trade is really really easy. Anyways, just doing my part and bought AMC.
Please direct your ire to Webull and TDAmeritrade as well. Robinhood is not the only bad actor here.
How many will still use Robinhood tomorrow?
Given what you’re experiencing today, how many of you will forget about it and actually continue to use Robinhood for trades this year?
No subtitles or edits needed - I think we all know that DFV is Elton John.
For the Apes!
PROOF OF MY 6000 LIMIT SELLS
Best broker in UK to join in with the diamond army?
I want to be a part of this history and display    . Which is the best broker for me to jump on this journey
Im new to trading, is this legal?
These Hedge Funds & Robbin' Hood be out here acting like dogs.
Fuck the suits!
I love you! You did something beautiful 🦑 Pat yourselfs on the shoulder soldiers.
fock the market makers, stand up for the brothers and sisters.
fock MM's, fock banks, fock borkers. I'm holding. spent 1 hour on twitter getting to representatives, 'celebrities' and those who GIVE A SHIT about us small fries. I bought more, I'm holding. It will take 1 year or longer for this to get resolved so in the meantime, I'm HOLDING.
WHAT BROKER WONT FUCK ME OVER I NEED TO SWITCH TO ONE NOW
WHICH BROKER WONT BAN THE BUYING OF GAMESTOP, AND HOW LONG DO YOU THINK IT WILL TAKE TO SWITCH OVER MY ACCOUNT. THANKS
Robinhood thought
If robinhood cracks under the pressure of lawsuits and opens up amc and gme, do you guys think the floodgates will open and the stock will rise ? At this point, they have to do something. Every minute  that goes by, their reputation and bottom line is plummeting. Thoughts?
The endgame of this shitstorm. SPY 2020 $1000 CALL!!
Please give the RIGHT Robinhood hate! This is a charity guys!
DO NOT GIVE IN! NEVER GIVE UP! NEVER BACK DOWN!
This forum has given me an innumerable amount of laughs, joy, and actual, useful plays over the past year. I am so thankful for each and every member here. That aside, what we are witnessing today is unlike any screwing the little man has ever received from MMs, Brokers, and billionaires before. The hypocrisy of Robinhood, TD, and the like is unreal. During the initial COVID crash, where were these brokers to look out for poor retail investors? Was there any restriction on selling stocks? Did Robinhood or other brokers announce, "For your own safety we are restricting all selling. Investors can only open up new positions until volatility passes."? HELL NO! Instead, we were force fed all the fear in the world from the likes of people like Bill "Hell is Coming" Ackman and other talking heads. When Ackman does blatant market manipulation like the hell is coming speech, fellow millionaires, "haves" and others look the other way. If you're a hedge fund market manipulation is just a way of life.     When everday Joe Blows come together on a subbredit to talk stocks and actually start winning for once, now its time for change? I can't get over the fact that its only at this point in time, when hedgefunds, banks, and market makers MIGHT lose some money that they scream regulation. Ironic how that works out huh? Also ironic how not one media source or suit ever makes mention of the fact that depending on what source you read short interest in GME is between 138%-250%. Blatantly illegal. No mention that MMs or brokers should be punished for that though. The fine men and women here notice and share some DD about buying GME and now we need to be punished? For winning the game? For beating the MMS and the suits at their own game?      I'm sure this comes off to some as just a bunch of whining. I'm sure Boomers and the like will take a victory lap today, saying "See! The fundamentals win out in the end!" We all know going into this that the hand is stacked in favor of the MMs and the suits. Now they've decided that in playing the game we should be dealt have the number of cards to play too. This has morphed into so much more now than just making money. This is a social movement now. For everyone that has ever had a dream of making it big trading. For everyone that loves being part of a community to share ideas, joys, and hardships. For everyone that wants freedom above all else.   We do not need "protecting" by the MMs, brokers, and suits. My friends, now is the time to band together and stand up for ourselves. Its always darkest before the dawn. Do not sell, do not submit, and never give up.  The talking heads will point and laugh tonight. The justification will be that we are all too damn stupid to know whats best for us. They will count on all calls expiring worthless tomorrow. They will count on tomorrow being the greatest transfer of wealth back from us to the MMs and just mark this up as a another blip on the books for a bubble. Don't let them win. Hold firm, Hold strong, and by tomorrow's market close we will show all of them that we can make a difference, we are a force to be reckoned with, and we will not back down.      Positions: GME, and AMC shares and calls.
Everyone is talking about Robinhood,but Webull is doing the same thing to me!
GME Megathread IV for January 28th, 2021
Sticky for Apps/Brokerages allowing for free trade of GME,BB,AMC, etc
Can we get a sticky notifying users which apps and brokerages are allowing for free trade?  Or the opposite one stating which apps/brokerages are restricting users?  EDIT SEE COMMENT BY  u/syntheticwisdom \- lets you know who uses citadel - the driver behind this manipulation  edit1  Lets keep posting here as we get info, and hopefully we can get the mods on board in this together TO THE MOON.  edit2 - from u/   Also which ones are even accepting new accounts. I've tried and failed to sign up with TD, Fidelity, and Etrade.  edit3 - from post by    Brokers who have stopped trading. Robinhood, WeBull , 212, Etoro, Tasty works , Interactive brokers , Merrill edge , Ally invest, Cash app, E-Trade, sofi  Brokers who have stopped but then resumed TD, thinkorswim  Brokers who have not stopped trading. Fidelity, Vanguard, Revolut, Degiro, free trade, stake, schwab  \ \ \ \ note\ \ \ \  by me u/dirtymohtafracka Etoro being suspended has been questioned  edit 4 - from comments (please let me or user know if situation has changed)  u/  \- Wealthsimple works for Canadians BB to the moon  u/  \- Cibc in Canada allowed my to buy this morning  u/   u/  \- Stockpile app allows trading these stocks     \ \ \ \  Keep it up!  I gotta step away for a bit.  You guys/gals are the best hopefully we can create a comprehensive/updating list and get the mods attention.
Which one of you beautiful tendie lovers done this?
HOLD THE LINE
DONT GIVE IN NOW BOYS WEVE ALMOST WON THE WAR.  LETS FUCKING GO. THIS IS WHERE BOYS BECOME MEN AND MEN BECOME WEALTHY BEYOND THEIR WILDEST DREAMS. LETS RIDE THIS UNTIL THE WHEELS FALL OFF.
Starting a Class Action Lawsuit ... DM me if you want to join
Justin Kan (@justinkan) Tweeted: Just got a tip that Citadel reloaded their shorts before they told Robinhood to stop trading $GME.  If this is true, Ken Griffin and the Robinhood founders should be in jail.
Robinhood has gme and amc back up
Sorry it had option to buy, let me get as far as depositing my money then it blocked sale
$BB to Fucking PLUTO
Just picked up another   Hold the fucking line.  $BB was the second play after $GME. Don't forget this.   We like the fucking stocks, Hedge Funds Get fucked.    🏼
Brokers we can trust
Everyone keeps asking where they can go to buy the stocks we like. Mods, please don't delete this. I think it's important that we share useful information in this time when we have been taken advantage of by Robinhood and their cronies. With that said, I've been using TD Ameritrade lately and I absolutely love it. It's a big boy broker unlike Robinhood, and they actually have customer service we could call and complain to if they were ever to do something so stupid like blocking us from trading a stock. This isn't financial advice. I'm not affiliated with TD Ameritrade. I just want to put the word out there that this $GME fight isn't over and we certainly don't have to lose.     For those commenting that TD Ameritrade blocked $GME Trading, that's false. They didn't! I believe they blocked purchasing $GME on margin. But you can still buy $GME through TD Ameritrade. I upped my $GME position on TD Ameritrade today.     Post the brokers where we can still buy the stocks we like below and I'll list them. So far we have:  \-TD Ameritrade  \-Schwab  \-E\ TRADE  \-Fidelity
Hold that line
Us against the world
Robinhood changes name to Prince John trading, steals from the poor
Robinhood Insider Information
Everyone’s been talking Nokia. Not doing great
Price Target for GME, using VW history: $32,000
Ok, hear me out...  History has shown: the 2008 VolksWagen squeeze resulted in VW briefly becoming the worlds most valuable company.  And when I say most valuable: I mean MOST valuable. More valuable than Exxon Mobile. More valuable than 2008 Microsoft.  What happened to VW was exactly what is happening to GME: well over 100% of the floating stock was shorted.  Thesis: GME follows the VW example, and will briefly (probably only for minutes) be worth more than the world's most valuable corp (hint: makes i phones.)  So, for a $  market cap, using 70M shares, we require a share price of: $32857,-  Backed-up by history, people:     Toddler CNBC Anchor to Chamath: "Wheaaa.... but there are no fundamentals!"  To which I say: fundamentals are not important here. What is important, is that more shares were sold than were available. Something will have to give.   A contract is a contract. Deliveries become due, and as brokerages go bankrupt, this is what the price will do.  Wall Street knows this. Citadel knows this. So they are fighting with blind panic. Throwing everything they can, at it. Including the sabotage of retail investors using Robinhood. NOTE to RH users: get a real bank to execute orders for you.  So, do you need an exit point? There you have it: price target is $32,000+. Seeing how spotty the broker websites are, I advise you to exit a little before that. But then again, who am I to tell you that? I am not an adviser, nor an advisor. Do your own research.  TL;DR - $GME:  🌏 🌗        🪐
WE ARE BEING DISCRIMINATED AT!!!
BIG HEDGE FUNDS CAN BUY ANY STOCKS THEY WANT, ITS JUST FOR US, THE PLEBS THAT CAN'T USE THE PLATFORMS TO BUY THESE STOCKS!!! THEY SAY THERE ISN'T ANY MARKET MANIPULATION, BUT IF THIS IS NOT ENOUGH PROOF THAT EVERYTHING IS BEING MANIPULATED USING DIFFERENT STRATS, THEN I DON'T KNOW HOW STUPID AND BLIND AND USELESS THE LAW TO PROTECT THE FREE MARKET IS.  THE FUCKING LAW IS CORRUPTED IF THEY DONT DO SHIT TO DEFEND THE CORE OF THE STOCK MARKET, BEING AN OPEN MARKET.  HOW UGLY AND DIRTY ARE YOU, WALL STREET.
Keep buying GME AMC and SLV is the next move!!
Let's get it fam eyes on the tendies
Cleaning firm like Citadel forced Robinhood and Webull to stop people from buying more GME
How to transfer your positions to another brokerage from Robinhood.
Please help?
Soooo I've heard the gist of whats happening, and since robinhood pretty much betrayed their namesake by preventing trades(I think?), I was wondering if there is another good app/site I can switch too?  Hopefully one that would be able to take over the transfer fee of my stocks....  Anyone have any ideas?  Also, how exactly did any of this happen?  All I know so far is that people decided to buy into a certain stock and now their stock is untradeable by certain trading companies?  I'm confused....
ETORO HAVE OFFICIALY SET GME TO CLOSE ONLY. THIS EFFECTS A LARGE UK MARKET UNABLE TO USE ROBINH
I WANT TO BUY 1 GME
Silver squeeze??
Alright I’ve seen some posts hidden between the $GME hype about a silver squeeze. Im really interested in this and want to buy physical silver.   My question is once I buy physical silver, where do I sell it? Should I go to some gold exchange place? Do I sell it online? Do I need some certificate to prove it’s silver? How much do I need to buy to make it worth my time, could I just buy an ounce? I’m looking to buy through JM Bullion.   I just want shiny metal to make money.
Crazy mannnnnnn. We can't let this slide at all
TEMPLATE TO WRITE TO YOUR REPS IN COMMENTS
I will place the template in the comments for easy copy & pasting!! Please send emails to your reps encouraging them to be on the right side of history.
LOVE THIS MOVEMENT-BUYING THE STOCK-REQUEST TO CHANGE USE OF "R WORD"
Hi All!  I am buying GME and AMC through Fidelity and support everything you are doing!  But I do know people with children with Down Syndrome and other genome deficiencies and they have the kindest, biggest hearts and are certainly smarter than Wall Street scum.  There are a lot of other great words out there like idiots/fuckups/assclowns etc that are fun to use!  ETA - I believe in free speech and don't think anyone should ever have to change what they say.  That's dumb and anti-American.  Words shouldn't be banned or prohibited.  But it never hurts to THINK about the impact of word choice.  It's just a really kind population of people overall and really the only population that I would ever defend like that.
Stuck on RH and can't trade gme? DON'T SELL, but check out Kerrisdale capital, another predatory shorter.
Kerrisdale capital (another form known for releasing hit piece after initiating short positions) is short in some risky positions. The total value of their funds looks to be between $500M and $1b, with about half of their positions short according to their website. They initiate short positions then wait a couple months and drop some poorly researched, scathing, bs hit pieces. All these are available on robinhood.  PLUG 30% short, higher volume, 2 days to cover. Tradeable on on robinhood  Tucows 12% of float short, 25+ days to cover, (low volume low float. Easy to move the needle) 65% institutional investor, on robinhood  FUBO 63% short, on robinhood.   Edit: for those asking which to go for, I say FUBO or TCX.  FUBO is highest short percentage, but high volume. TCX is lower short percentage but low float, lots of shares are tied up in institutions. Won't take much to initiate a squeeze and it's already near ATH.
NOK NOK here we come
Buy and hold NOK Buy and hold NOK Buy and hold NOK Buy and hold NOK
Yolo Update on MSTR Jan 28. Short squeeze... Lets go to the
Fuck You Robinhood
Remember the game plan.
you may remember me from my DD warning post just before these events happened, about a potential crack down.      The game plan has not changed, first we moon  GME .  When that ends we rotate to deep value $BB. First the squeeze on GME shorts, then we squeeze the $BB value juice.    🤚 =
KANYE HAS JOINED. HOLDDD
IMPORTANT! Melvin and Citadel manipulated and organized a fake crash today on low volume and are likely out of their old most dangerous short positions
This is potentially a market manipulation conspiracy of the highest order, here is what potentially happened today with the crash:      1)   Citadel conspires with Brokers (Who are dependant on citadel securities for their business) to   BAN the buying of GME stock  , but continue to   allow only selling       2)   Hedge funds or Citadel use high frequency trading algorithms to   artificially create downwards pressure on the stock price   through increasingly lower bids (Faked market movement transactions between two parties to themselves or an intermediary) -   ❗❗❗  This strategy is only possible due to low volume, and low volume is created because INVESTORS LITERALLY CANT BUY THE STOCK BECAUSE BROKERS BANNED BUYING IT  ❗❗❗    3)     Most Retail investors are unable to buy the now highly discounted shares during the crash  , they are only able to sell or buy in when the crash is already over and shorts covered. People see that the stock price went from 450$ to 150$ and a mass selloff panic makes a bunch of people sell their stock. Frequent halts only allow for 10-15s of selling on the way down increasing panic.    4)     SINCE RETAIL INVESTORS CANT BUY ANY GME STOCK, WHO BUYS ALL THESE PANIC SOLD GME SHARES? FUCKING HEDGE FUNDS THATS WHO  , every stock sold during the drop and at the bottom is not bought by normal investors, its bought by hedge funds to cover their shorts    5)   Hedge funds cover their shorts on the way to the bottom at 120$ closing their positions at a lower loss.     6)   Now they buy call options and stop manipulating the stock price downwards, natural market forces create a bounce making their calls worth more -> they sell these calls immediately to recoup further losses made on their shorts    7)   Hedge funds successfully exited their positions at a  much lower loss at the bottom of the crash or highly reduced their losses.     8)   If they're ever bigger greedy fucks   Hedge funds can now RE-BORROW shares at fucking dirt-cheap prices   now that they've neutrally closed their heavily in the red positions and repeat the same thing again, or just not get back in the game          -    MOST OF THE PLAYERS BEHIND THIS MARKET MANIPULATION ARE MOST LIKELY OUT OF THEIR MOST DANGEROUS NAKED SHORTS.    The one holding the bag in the end wont be Melvin or Citadel, it'll be random retail investors and smaller funds.        --    This is clearly a parody, all similarities with real life situation is purely a coincidence, I don't want to get sued         --  Edit1:    FURTHER ASK YOURSELF:      IF CITADEL AFFILIATED STOCK BROKERS WERE REALLY PROTECTING RETAIL INVESTORS DUE TO "RISK" WHY DIDNT THEY BAN BUYING AND SELLING?       THEY BANNED BUYING ONLY, HELPING THEIR HEDGE FUND BUDDIES DRIVE THE PRICE DOWN TO COVER SHORTS      AND ONLY RETAIL INVESTORS WERE BANNED FROM BUYING, HEDGE FUNDS COULD STILL BUY NORMALY      MEANING THAT THE HEDGE FUNDS HAD FIRST PICK ACCESS TO BUY THE SHARES TO COVER THEIR SHORTS, THESE SAME SHARES WOULD NORMALLY BE BOUGHT BY RETAIL INVESTORS MAKING IT MORE EXPENSIVE FOR SHORTS TO COVER    __________________________________________________________  Edit2:    SHORTED STOCK % MIGHT NOT CHANGE MUCH DUE TO EITHER NEW SHORTS BUYING IN, OR OLD SHORTS NOW SHORTING IN A MUCH CHEAPER WAY - NOW THAT THEY GOT RID OF THEIR MOST DANGEROUS SHORT POSITIONS      ALL SHORTS MIGHT NOT BE CLOSED, BUT THIS MARKET MOVE WAS ARTIFICIALLY CREATED TO COVER AT MINIMUM THE MOST OVER-LEVERAGED AND RISKY SHORT POSITIONS THESE FUNDS TOOK ON THEMSELVES    ___________________________________________________________  EDIT3:    THE PRICE CRASHED ALMOST 400$ ON LIKE 10%-20%  OF THE USUAL TRADING VOLUME, DOES THIS LOOK LIKE "NATURAL" MARKET BEHAVIOUR TO YOU?      IF THIS WAS A NATURAL STOCK CRASH THE VOLUME WOULD BE RELATIVELY HIGH, BUT INSTEAD THE STOCK PRICE DROPPED 70-80% ON 1/10TH OF USUAL TRADING VOLUME. THAT IS ALMOST A GUARANTEED SMOKING GUN THAT THE PRICE HAD BEEN ARTIFICIALLY MANIPULATED   __________________  EDIT 4:  Ask yourself why the market dipped yesterday despite fantastic earnings reports coming out  Answer: Funds were liquidating their other stock market positions to be able to close our their shorts with this market attack today  Why did the markets rally today during the GME crash?  Because the funds re-bought into their old positions in various companies now that they've closed their shorts and no longer at risk of bankruptcy and have additional capital available                   EDIT 5      For the retards accusing me of being a fake account   somehow shilling for somebody and "never posted to WSB" do your fucking DD and don't be sheep,   here's a wsb post from 3 years ago, I've been a lurker for even longer      _________________________________________________    Disclaimer: Not investment advice, this is a joke post I'm not making any accusations this is all a parody etc. etc.      I'm long GME
Hodling       almost know nothing about stocks just yoloing and being part of a revolution
Webull CEO explains why they restricted trading for GME, AMC: clearing house (DTC) has made the holding period collateral cost 'extremely expensive', which Webulls' clearing firm can not afford to cover.
I bought the dip, did you?? 17K
HOLD              I bought more today to help the cause! 17k let's go!  \ \ \ Edit: This is not financial advice. I just like the stonk.
Fuck you Trading 212! UK being shackled!
newb looking to get in on this
is there still room on the rocket? i know jack shit about stocks lol
Seems Webull is out now too
This is about money.
The media has been trying to spin a story about /rwallstreetbets for days. They are trying to grapple with the fact that a number of redditors realized that a stock was overly shorted and posted their DD on that fact. The rest is history. People caught on and bought in to that DD.  THIS IS ABOUT MONEY. PURE AND SIMPLE. END OF STORY.  That's the end of the story? YES. That's the end of the story. Now that the story is short media coverage has to spin it into something that it's not. Trying to somehow figure out if there is some ulterior motive going on.  Spoiler: IT's ABOUT MONEY.  This isn't about populism, this isn't about "pushing back against the suits", this isn't about David vs. Goliath, this isn't about investing. This is about taking advantage of an inefficiency in the market.  All of that being said, the discussion may have changed in the last few hours now that multiple brokerages have ceased buying on these stocks. This is again a different story and should be framed in that light.  THIS IS ABOUT THE PURSUIT OF MONEY.
Just bought in on this GME dip, see you on the moon bois

Class Action Lawsuit Filed against Robinhood
The WSB Experience
More corruption. Imagine they are only allowing you to sell, not buy.
THEY WANNA FUCK WITH US? THE PRICE JUST WENT UP. NOW EYEING $10k IS NOT A MEME. WE ARE SERIOUS.
Keep fucking with us.  Keep pushing us. WE WILL NOT SELL.     After last night, many of our resolves strengthened.  After today, NOTHING IS OFF THE TABLE.     THEY ARE CAUGHT RED HANDED AND WE ARE TAKING THE FUCKING BAGS. MAYBE NOT TOMORROW, MAYBE NOT MONDAY. BUT WE GOT THESE FUCKERS BY THE BALLS AND AREN"T LETTING GO.     EVERY, and I mean EVERY SINGLE FUCKING SHIT MOVE THEY MAKE, we raise our prices.  THESE ARE OUR FUCKING STONKS AND WE LIKE THEM.        APES STRONGEST TOGETHER.  🦧 🦧  Who's with me?  🏻  🏻
So where to from Robinhood?
Whatever your positions are, it's abundantly clear that Robinhood is the exact opposite of it's namesake. When it came down to it, it chose to rob from the people and give to the rich.   Are there any platforms you all could recommend a move to? My personal litmus test is whether or not they banned trades on GME, AMC, etc. Because of they did I want to stay away from them.
Can anyone confirm?!?!
I want in on gamestop but robinhood won't let me purchase.
Where can we still buy GME you retards?
Stop saying you bought x amount and tell us where the fuck you bought it.
$BB TO JUPITER
SUCK IT HEDGE FUND SOYS WE GOING TO JUPITER
Best trading site or app on mobile
Wanna get on the GME train 🚆
Fidelity rocks, fuck Robinhood.
Fidelity has provided me with the best customer service out of any company ever. I’m sure the other brokerages are great, but I can personally vouch for Fidelity.   Great service, no fees, low margin rates.  Fuck Robinhood and all those crooks. Protecting the rich mother fuckers at the expense of the common folk. I’m closing my RH acct ASAP. Totally unfair.  Good luck everyone and thanks to the mods for all the hard work!!!! You guys are what keeps this ship afloat.
I bought AMC on Robinhood after market close yesterday and now it’s gone from my app. I’m salty, AMA
Sent them a strongly worded email. I suggest you do too!
So Apparently Citadel reloaded their shorts before they told Robinhood to stop trading $GME
ROBINHOOD
So I have all my money in RH, and i heard they will start seizing capital of accounts they think were market manipulation. What do I do? Just HOLD?
Bought @ 405 (hard to do worse),  🤲🏿  til the end Felllow autists

What dip?
In for £1k. Your brother's across the pond got your backs!!!
Trading212 app score at 18:30GMT, this was at   stars this morning! You get what you deserve!!
Making money off GME? Not a big deal?
Breaking: WebullGlobal CEO Anthony Denier says that "high-level phone calls" are being made to get $GME $AMC $AAL trading back live for retail investors.
I don’t have much in the game, and I’m losing hard, guys. But I AIN’T FUCKIN’ SELLING! HOLD THE LINE!
Let the people trade!!! Class action filed!
This sub in a nutshell right now
Stash is restricting buys for gme and amc.
Looks like you can still buy GME on Weebull
Its up and running right now
All this drama has really made me want to get involved but I have no idea what anything means or how to go about it. With only a few thousand pounds, where do I start?
I’d really appreciate any advice!
Square, the company that owns Cashapp, is up 8% today because they stood by us!!
Cashapp the money app that most of us autist use has an investing option to put however much you want into a stock. So far they have AMC, BBBY, but not BB & GME.   Square the company that owns Cashapp, is a company of the future & I feel like they will stand by us and add GME & BB soon.   Currently Square (SQ) is up 8% because they stood by us. I love the support that we’re bringing this company.   Cashapp & Square all the way
DIAMOND HANDS BROTHERS
Hi, I'm new here
Who's Robinhood?
YES! MORE! EVERYONE WHO IS ABLE TO, LAWYER UP AND GO AFTER THEM! THEY WILL NOT MAKE US SELL, HOLD TO MARS AND THEN HOLD SOME MORE
$SQ the only app based stock trading still letting you buy the stonks
Should we be moving off RobinHood and into SquareCash App for trading?  They don’t allow GME yet, but AMC & NOK!
WEBULL BAD! APES STRONG
TO THE MOON. LETS GO.
Where do we go now?
What apps are safe to trade with? I know TD ameritrade and Robinhood are screwing us so where do we turn to now??
BB is our Canadian BABY. HOLD BB!! 🇨🇦
We have to help our our American boys!! Hold the BB line until they can come back!!
VOLUME IS TOO LOW FOR THIS TO BE A REAL SELL-OFF!!! HOLD!!!!! The SQUEEZE is coming. These guys are buying/selling to each other to drop the price and try and free up shares! BUY THE DIP!!!!   🏻  🏻  🏻
UPDATED GME SHORT INTEREST!
According to S3 Partners,  $GME still has well over 120% short interest as of mid-day today!  That sky rocket to $500+ early hours was just about 8% covering. THEY ARE SCREWED.   DO NOT PANIC. DO NOT SELL. HOLD!   (Not Financial Advice)
For all the Europoors out there, report any brokers that disabled buying and only enabled selling of GME. Report them to ESMA.
The plot thickens
Should I switch to fidelity from robinhood?
Hella mad at Robinhood’s actions today and trying decide whether I want to move my assets to fidelity instead?
LET'S GO! $SLV NEXT STOP $100!
Closing your Robinhood account doesnt mean you think about it and hope others do it and they learn their lesson. It means you fucking close it right now.
As the title says.  Put some effort in.  There are other brokerages.
This "Sell off" is happening on barely any volume due to the broker restrictions. DO NOT SELL, that is exactly what they are hoping for and you won't be able to buy it back.
Fidelity account sign up broken.
Account sign up is broken. I am unable to get around GME trade blockade.   Are they in on this too or just can't handle the load of new sign ons?
I just transferred all my positions from Robinhood to Charles Schwab. It's surprisingly painless.
It's going to take a week or so to finalize, but fuck Robinhood.
Contact or call your representative and tell them about this blatant market manipulation and egregious violation of the free market. TELL YOUR POLITICIANS TO REPRESENT THEIR GODDAMN CONSTITUENTS. USE YOUR VOICE
⚠️ DO NOT SPAM THEM. CALL INDIVIDUALLY TO DEMAND YOUR PROPER REPRESENTATION. SPAMMING WILL ONLY DISCREDIT US. ⚠️  👶 (Your wife's boyfriend's obviously): Daddy, what did you do when Robinhood, Citadel, and WallStreet bent you over and fucked you in the ass until you lost money?     response: Well son, I clicked upvote on some posts, and then turned over and went to get fucked by my normal job and did absolutely nothing to stand up for myself.  🍆🐮 response: I FUCKING CALLED MY SENATORS AND FILED A LAWSUIT AND TOOK THEM ALL DOWN.  Don't be a lurker who does nothing and hopes this will end up for the better. YOU LOST MONEY THAT WAS YOURS. If for once in your god damn life you make a choice to stand up for yourself, this is the time.  $GME up these crooks' assholes. 30 @ $55. Target Price: 10,069.
It's not much, but buying the dip is honest work. SEE YOU ON THE MOON
This is just market manipulation
Robinhood Allegedly Submitted a Sell Order to "Mitigate the Risk to Your Account"
It may be worth checking your Robinhood accounts, as at least one user has allegedly had their shares sold without their consent.
Class action against Robinhood: sue the bastards!

The mods here told everyone to use Robinhood, despite Robinhood being poorly rated... why?
I looked at the /r/wallstreetbets wiki yesterday before this shit went down and the mods here practically  told  people to use Robinhood. The app I use, Fidelity, was not even on the list of options. I did some research to figure out why the mods recommended Robinhood, and every website I checked had Robinhood among the lowest-rated trading platforms. Maybe the mods should look at NerdWallet or something before their next wiki update.  And if you took advice from a Reddit wiki instead of looking for legit sources of info, that was very stupid of you.
Ironic Names For Ironic Games
# Corrupt Ruler Expectation  >Let them eat cake!  # Corrupt Ruler Reality  >Happy birthday to the GROUND!     Citadel (Robinhood) is stealing from the wagies to give to the rich.   "I am never going to financially recover from this." - Citadel
Robinhood   should I put my money?
So, I missed out on all the GME craziness; didn't buy yesterday and now I can't.  It looks like Robinhood can't be trusted.  Is there another platform that can be?  Someone not under Citadel?  One of these maybe?     I don't have a lot in, but I don't think I'll be putting any more into RH.
These motherfuckers may control the rules at their own game but we’re the ones playing. If it’s a fight these cunts want a fight they will get.  🤚🏽
It’s so disgusting that these fuckers @ Robinhood are willingly giving away their wives to be fucked on the moon.  Power to the players   🤚🏽
Robinhood massive conflict of interest
So RH makes money by selling transaction/trading data to the big asshole firms right? So if these big asshole firms like Melvin go tits up, that means they no longer have clients to sell the data to, which means RH can't make money, which means RH goes tits up.   So aren't all of these trading restrictions a MASSIVE CONFLICT OF INTEREST? I'm nowhere near in the red but this just seems completely fucked.
Thank you /r/wallstreetbets!
Dear /r/wallstreetbets,      Over the last few years I have intermittently seen snippets of what goes on here when the odd post with a devastating loss, or inspiration gain, would make it into my reddit feed. I came to appreciate that your sub was a home for both highly risky financial decisions and socially inappropriate inside jokes.      Over the last week I have been lurking here on a daily basis, and can confirm that my initial assessment was entirely true. This sub is an absolute hot mess, and I can't stop watching.      BUT     I have also learned a metric ton about the stock market including short squeezes, gamma squeezes, diamond hands, and absolutely disgusting market manipulation by the financial establishment. This sub has, without a doubt, provided me with some Deep Fucking Value. I have had a lot of fun. I have been a small part of history.      Thank you for the amazing ride!
The real question as we stare at these charts all day, is how much $$$ in lost productivity is this costing employers?
I know me personally, I could stare at these candle sticks all day but I have to try and work. Oh well fark it. Off to ~~work~~  stare at the screens all day.
STOP GIVING PEOPLE AWARDS AND START BUYING THE SHARES
THAT IS ALL.
Let’s Take Out Robinhood Once and For All
Transfer your portfolios to other brokerages. If Robinhood can do this once without losing users or any consequences they can do it 1,000 times in the future.   Let’s send a message to Wall Street and the Brokerages not to fuck with us.   Full disclosure I don’t own $GME, $AMC or $BB it just makes me sick they can pull this shit.
Down with Robinhood, just go to the app store and upvote all the 1 star ratings. Make them feel our wrath
I need an alternative to Robinhood
Where can I buy GME? I like the stock but for some reason Robinhood doesn’t support it. I have no idea why. Best alternative to Robinhood?
Wash sale
Can we talk about wash sales?
STILL HOLDING!! bought more to average down

r/wallstreetbets needs a rally song: Batter the weather, scrape and scrub, and hold or you'll be damned!!
Hehe, HOLD!
So    When do you think NOK going over $500?
Is NOK, actually a good buy? Or a people just meme-buying it?
Dave Portnoy on Twitter
Oh shit. I was fucking around and I bought two shares of AMC on cash app. It worked!
I couldn't find a GME or BB though.
Edelman is with us
TAKE FROM THE RICH, GIVE TO THE POOR ✊
THESE RICH CROOKS ARE TRYING TO SAVE THEIR SHORT-SELLING ASSES AND IT'S OBVIOUS.  WE CANNOT GIVE UP NOW AND LET THEM KEEP OUR MONEY. ESPECIALLY NOT ONE DAY BEFORE OPTION EXPIRY.        DO NOT SELL         FOR ALL THE RETARDS:    BUY THE DIP   HOLD     DO NOT SELL UNTIL TRADING IS NORMAL AGAIN   IF THE COMMUNICATION IS CUT - HOLD YOUR POSITIONS   $GME $NOK $AMC $BB    IF WE GIVE UP, ALL OF US LOSE. LET'S DO THIS!   \ Change your broker if necessary .   (\ not financial advice)
So the order book is worthless?
Watching this has been absolutely fantastic. That being said I am not positioned in any of these tickers. Gme nok bb etc.   I specifically trade futures but, wtf.   If the big boys can trade through dark pools the supply that they own or don’t own is hidden from the gp...  If the big boys can shut down a vast majority of brokerages and not allow demand to be fulfilled...   And the order book is a direct reflection of active supply and demand. Regardless of order spoofing. Then it’s all horseshit!   I mean we’ve all known this nonsense goes on and a lot of noise is generated daily but, ffs these motherfuckers are really showing their hands with the stunts they are pulling by locking folk out.   Free market? What free market?  Fuck em.   Do I think GameStop is worth 25x what it was 2 weeks ago. No. Do I think that funds with over leveraged short positions need to pay the fucking piper like the rest of us shills. Yes.   Obligatory. If y’all are holding shares. Don’t you dare sell!  Love you guys!
This is not about money anymore - How to move forward?
Let me preface this by saying I'm a very conservative investor. I love this sub and the YOLOs, but I would never risk my hard earned $$ into a single play, like some of you crazy people do.  When I saw the GME hype, I had no faith on it, but I still threw in a little bit of $$, just for fun. After all, I missed the Tesla boat (in fact, I tried to short it and you guys wiped me out lol).  Anyways, this morning I was going to exit some of my positions, when the free fall started. Then, it dawned on me. This is not about money anymore.  I worked hard for my $$, and if I want to buy more GME, or AMC, or whatever, I should be able to do so, even if it's a completely stupid decision. That's how the free market is supposed to work, right?  Now, the brokers are restricting my ability to buy it. In fact, when it dipped hard, I tried to get some more, and I couldn't. I'm fucking pissed. And they dare to say we are manipulating the market!!!  What happened today is historical. No matter what happens to the price, the big boys at wall street showed who really has the power. And we need to do something about it. How do we do that? That is my question to YOU!
A small win is still a win!
Petition: Please sign and help disseminate!
Back on my feet and back on the original WSB stock: AMD
Thankful for everyone with the words of encouragement and reeling me back from a very dark place:   Quick update: I landed a WFH job, starting to make steady income, and set up a payment plan for all of my debts. Afterwards I am left over with roughly $800 which I will be investing into $AMD shares every month. Hoping to take this slow and steady and reap the gains and cash out around the whatever mark where I can cover all of my debts at once.  AMD just reported record earnings, amazing growth, awesome guidance, and slashed their PE by half. They're almost considered fair value (which I guess is undervalued in today's market).      I read a news article from GS saying that AMD is one of the most "important short position" for many hedge funds and recently the short interest increased by 20%       RBC goes from $105 from $110 (up     BofA goes from $110 to $115 (up     JP Morgan goes from $86 to $100 (up     Rosenblatt goes from $120 to $135 (up     Loop Capital goes from $95 to $115 (up     Mizuho goes from $102 from $105 (up     Truist goes from $96 to $101 (up     Barclays goes from $115 to $120 (up     Cowen goes from $110 to $120 (up     Craig-Hallum goes from $100 to $120 (up 20%)   Northland goes from $75 to $84 (up    I don't want to take anything away from the GME / NOK / BB / AMC bros but unfortunately my broker has restricted me from buying to join the movement. Absolutely fuck the shorts, I lost bigly on Tesla  I love this community and I've spent a considerable amount of my life here. Please feel free to discuss, perhaps there is an even better opportunity than AMD at the moment and you can guide me towards that
CNBC is anally fixated
Screw you Robinhood. I can't buy new shares or calls but I can buy to close my covered calls. Position 200 shares GME
Citadel Securities possibly frontrunning Robinhood trades. They pay for order flow from Robinhood and it's one the only brokers to stop allow retail investment. This is what the SEC needs to investigate!
Thats very specifically illegal
OK Boomer!
RH wanna fuck around? I’ll help them find out.
Proof of Collusion between Citadel and Robinhood
Please Remember Your 2020 Taxes!
For anybody who had sizeable investment gains in 2020, make sure you're withholding enough from your bets to pay the tax man by April 15th, 2021.     I've seen too many stories from this sub of idiots making a shit load of money and then losing it all between New Years and Tax Day. Guess What? Even if you lose all your money in 2021, you still owe your 2020 taxes.     Positions: 200 $NOK $4C exp 01-2022 (in a Roth) and 150 $NOK $3C exp 01-2022 (in a NQ.)
FYI: Vanguard IRA’s have instant deposits
Since we can’t trust the scum at RH or WeBullshit, and E TRADE unfortunately doesn’t have an instant option other than wire transfers, I’d like to point out that Vanguard let’s you buy shares immediately upon depositing.  On top of that, they let you deposit for both 2020 and 2021 right now so you can put up to $12k in.   I don’t know if any of Vanguard’s any other options allow for quick account setup and depositing as well, but if you already have an account with Vanguard you can literally set up an IRA and fund it in under 20 minutes.  BUT LISTEN UP AUTISTS: you can’t take this money out of the IRA until you’re 50 or else you’ll get taxed to shit. You can buy and sell within the IRA all you want, but withdrawals face a penalty.  I am not a financial advisor, I’m just a full on retard using my IRA to invest in a meme stock. I like this stock.  Position: 82 GME avg probably around $115ish  EDIT: I also want to bring up the added beauty of burning the boomers with god damn Vanguard of all platforms.
Robinhood Class Action Lawsuit filed in New York - who is BRENDON NELSON
Daily Discussion Thread Part 4 for January 28, 2021
Your daily trading discussion thread. Please keep the shitposting to a minimum.                                                         DD         Discussion         YOLO         Gain         Loss              Read the   and make sure other people follow them.    Try  , also accessible through the top bar.
Citadel reloaded their shorts before they told Robinhood to stop trading $GME
PETITION TO REMOVE ROBINHOOD FROM APP STORE
$GME - GameStop Earns Top Marks in Human Rights  ’s 2021 Corporate Equality Index
Mark Cuban, Dave Portnoy, AOC and others react to Robinhood restricting trades on GameStop and AMC
GME - Watch Out   - Why There Is More Than What Meets The Eye
THIS IS IMPORTANT...    Robinhood is at fault and that is without question. But the News is avoiding talking about TDA, Merrill Lynch and Charles Schwab. They did nearly the SAME THING, but they aren't being talked about. (note: some people have not had any issues with TDA, some have - it does not appear to be a complete restriction like Robinhood) Ask yourself why this may be?  Because their direct competitors. Robinhood offers margin at a third the rate Charles Schwab does. They offer free options trading, Schwab does not. Even with all of this, Robinhood is better for the market that not having Robinhood. Charles Schwab recently acquired TDA and at the same time they have it in their best interest to change public perception of Robinhood. They WILL gain market share with this and the strings they pull on news to stay out of the picture should not be overlooked.  THIS IS MORE THAN MEETS THE EYE. WE NEED TO CATCH THE ATTENTION OF EVERONE AND LET THEM KNOW.     This is not just Robinhood. This is the establishment. This is Citadel bullying firms to commit these acts, knowing they have BILLIONS on the line. They don't care about the blatant fraud. They know they won't go to jail or be fined as much as they will save by committing these acts.     The actions of yesterday and today are just a glimpse of what they are capable of. We can't stand for this. I won't. I implore you to call your representatives. Put pressure on whoever you can. Make your voice heard. Things need to change and I know, given the last month, that we have the power to make these changes.  Most of all, we still have them. They definitely closed out a large amount of their shorts. I am sure many of us had paper hands and sold. I'm HOLDING. I know this isn't over. Short interest is still there. Option writing is still massive. Do not falter. We have been shaken. We have been divided. Our attention is being turned towards the atrocities of the system. We can keep those in mind and still hold course. Don't forget GME. I LIKE THIS STOCK  tldr; It's more than just Robinhood. Don't let them be the black sheep that get's all the attention. Believe in the cause and what you stand for. GME 1000     EDIT: Some have mentioned TDA and Schwab are not doing this now. They were earlier in the day and were preventing options trading. This may no longer be the case as the stock reached it's low of the day.. Please stop saying they are no longer doing this. We Already know that to be the case
Chase You Invest and Schwab let me buy stocks that I like
If a bunch of uncoordinated basement dwellers can say 'We like the Stock' in unison, why would the hedge funds believe we couldnt join a class action lawsuit. We must really have them on the ropes for this level of desperation.
Robinhood faces backlash from both parties for limiting trades
HOLDING ALL THE WAY IN NEW ZEALAND. JUST EVEN PURCHASED MORE - HISTORY BOOKS WILL WRITE ABOUT WHAT WE HAVE DONE!!!
Fuck em all
Class action against Robinhood now officially filed in New York
SPY YOLO
Take your money out of Robinhood move to a real broker
DON JR IS WITH US
Change petition
Well Robinhood, I don't know how many tendies the funds paid you, but for your sake it better have been at least a 20pc mcnuggets
They knew the Gamma Squeeze was coming on GME, they killed it dead in its tracks to protect their book. Look at that put call ratio, today would have been historic.
All in on my 1st wsb meme. So bad it's bad, guaranteed to smooth brain wrinkles. See link in comments for sound-version
ROBINHOOD HAS BEEN SUED! OTHERS TO FOLLOW!!!
Robinhood App Hit With Class Action Suit After Trying to Shut Down GameStop Uprising
I love $GME so much I'm ordering $GME products for the house. 7xGME shirts (one for each day of the week). Damn I love this company.
I'm in South Korea right now and I am restricted access from the website. My VPN just spins as I try to log on so I'm assuming the site is down. Shit just got personal today. Not only do I love $GME stock, but I love their products. As soon as their website is back up and running I will be purchasing GameStop products to decorate my room in because I love this company so much. My boomer dad told me to only invest in companies that I love, and I love GameStop more than my wifes boyfriend loves her.     TLDR: HOLD THE FUCKIN LINE
Gonna YOLO THIS shit in the morning only   a share
AOC demands probe after Robinhood app banned GameStop purchases
This fortune cookie I got today has me pumped!
The restrictions are starting to lift!
GME Call exposure at $250 - details in comments
WE MUST RALLY AGAINST THE SUITS
One after one they keep restricting. ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!!
Public allowing GME purchase
Convince me this ain't Chamath's father...🥇
Buy NOK, keep the legacy alive. It can survive the apocalypse, SAVE IT AND HEAD TO ANDROMEDA
Principles of democratic centralism applied to short squeezing.
Hello fellow autists, I'm mostly a lurker but I just wanted to clarify a few reasons why this $GME push was so successful and how it can be replicated for more success in the future.     Ultimately, I believe this approach is repeatable, and normally I wouldn't be so interested in making money, but knowing who it is at the expense of has piqued my interest a bit more than usual.     This can be a scientific method to expropriate wealth from the worst kinds of rich people, and.. well, I do like that very much indeed, so I wanted to share my analysis of this success.     1) Freedom of decision and debate:  The targeting of GME shorts was a collaborative effort from the /r/WSB mass line. There was not a single centralized voice of authority that identified and mandated that $GME shorts should be targeted with a squeeze. Users smarter than me identified the weakness of the short positions, and a consensus organically emerged among users as the information was processed.     2) Unity of action:  If one consensus clearly emerges, all members are expected to follow the party line and not deviate from the consensus, or continue propagandizing against it. Instead, they are committed to the decision made by a supermajority of other users.  The solidarity from subreddit users has been impressive. Hundreds of posts encouraging users to not sell and to buy more has forced the shorts into an irretrievable position. They have no choice now but to lose everything, despite coordinated efforts from their partners in the brokerages. We won, not because we had a perfect strategy or decision-making organization, but because we were unified in our action. This is the most important point. We individuals have less money and thereby less market power than the hedge funds. Obviously, the only way we are stronger than the funds is if we are committed to unity of action, even if we weren't the ones who were originally wanting to target GME shorts. I wasn't involved until later in the game, but even I bought in, because I wanted to be part of something greater than myself. Of course, not every single retail investor who bought GME made money, but on the net, the hedge fund lost billions that will be divvied up among the short squeezers.     3) General organization:   This was actually the weakest point in the chain and the greatest area that can be improved. A subreddit with 300 new low-quality posts a minute is not quite the best way to arrive at a consensus. I think better voting and discussion systems may be in order to improve this.     This is me trying to take advantage of the political to make money. This is not me trying to make a political post about which candidate you should support or which economic policy I want in my country. It's simply me talking about applying a method for better organizing the practice of Buying Stocks I Like.     The principle of democratic centralism (which is a Leninist idea) is very applicable to organizing future short squeezes. Note that I'm not saying we should manipulate the market or try to drive prices up, I'm just saying that if We all decide we like a stock, We should buy it. And if a lot of people are shorting a stock, that can be a good reason to buy it :)
Thinking of throwing a milly into $GME to stand against the suits and WS!!!
Thinking of throwing a milly into $GME and show the suits that WSB is united for a cause and it's not about money. but I got some questions first:  Did the short squeeze already happen or not? I'm thinking of putting a milly into $GME  Other question, what is the short interest on $GME right now?  and a final one, where can I see what options (american or european) and when do they expire?        EDIT: Proof of the almost milly:
Absolute scum, we cannot let these fuckers get away with this
DO NOT TRANSFER YOUR ACCOUNT IF MOVING TO A NEW BROKER. IT CAN TAKE UP TO 15 DAYS BEFORE YOU'RE EVEN ABLE TO TRADE YOUR TRANSFERRED SECURITIES AND ROBINHOOD WILL LOCK YOUR ACCOUNT DURING THAT TIME.
The hedge funds are artificially lowering the price by not letting people trade. When there's no volume they can buy/sell at any price and that is the price that will show up as the current price. Even if only a single share was traded.  This is basically The People VS Hedge Funds.  I'll be buying shares as soon as it's possible. The billionaires can sell their mansions and live in a normal house like the rest of us.   Fuck them.
I never thought I’d see AOC and Ted Cruz agree on anything. This gives me hope that people will be charged for this.
If you won't sell me shares, I'll just make them myself AMC and NOK
Positioning for AMC
For those who missed GME run up or want to diversify, yes the D word, or just want more ideas to play with: I added AMC 40 strike calls to my bag for next weeks expiration. Keep in mind, AMC’s float is significantly larger than GME and with lower short interest so I don’t expect another insanely parabolic move but this bet maximizes pay off if we somehow repeat. And if the selling pressure alleviates and we take off, another gamma squeeze is on the table.   Tldr: long 2/5 AMC 40 strike calls at    Edit:     GME & AMC    . I am expecting downvotes, I’ll take them, but just wanted to share my play.  Edit 2: I am receiving a lot of feedback which promotes continued long and concentration in GME and I would like to share some updates on why I think staying long GME is warranted and important. Based on latest data, as of today, AMC short interest is around 41% versus GME short interest around 95%. AMC SI increased day over day versus GME SI decreasing marginally day over day. Put differently, GME short positions are hurting more and has a higher probability of capitulation. Put retardedly, stay max long GME to secure tendies.
Tyler Winklevoss announces Gemini creating new "trading venue;" welcomes r/WallStreetBets
Beware The Imposters
How is any of this legal??? Just forced into a margin call by TDA and they closed my positions 4 days early.
I contacted TDA yesterday because of them limiting the margin on BB and GME and was asked if my positions would be sold because of an active maintenance call notice on my account.  They told me that after a margin call is sent out eod, I would have 5 business days to close my positions. After today’s complete restriction on these stocks, including the selling of covered calls to hedge losses, I contacted a manager from TDA.  During the conversation, she initiated my margin call and sold 600 of my BB shares at $15 a share, leaving me at a SIGNIFICANT loss. She then told me that, “That’s just how we are handling this situation, you should have known the inherent risks of investing before making an investment.”  I was then promptly hung up on.  HOW ARE THESE PEOPLE NOT IN JAIL???  TL;DR: You are a broke peasant with no rights, sorry.
TO WAR AGAINST THE SUITS (full video with sound in post)
r/Deepfuckingvalue is Roaring Kitty!
Hey any indian here who can help me to buy gme stocks
i am a student and trying to buy gme stocks. Can any indian explain in detail how to but gme
NOK has 55 million shares short with .69 days to cover - THIS SHOULD BE ON EVERYONE’S RADAR IF YOU HATE HEDGE FUNDS
We are the 99%. And we are the captains now. If you truly believe in what GME symbolizes and you are looking to strike a heavy and swift blow to the sensitive areas of hedge funds, THIS OPPORTUNITY IS A TOP PRIORITY FOR THE AUTIST ARMY  The corrupt and manipulated dip of today was their desperate attempt to shake you out and cover their short. The demand these hedge funds will put on the buy side of this stock is going to LAUNCH THIS STOCK TO THE MOON      Power to the traders. Let’s f em up $NOK BOIZ FOR LIFE
Thank you to all of You. Every one of you retards for changing my life
I just wanted to come here and say thank you to each and everyone of you. I started buying GME at $12 when DFV, Jeff amazon started sharing their DDs about GME. Holding it from then to now and given me life changing money. I'm not a millionaire yet but I can actually help pay off some of my parents debt now if I walk away now.  But no, I'm fucking doubling down and holding it for u muthafuckas, I may be half way across the globe in Asia but I'll hold, I'll hold until I get my TENDIES and we will get u lads who bought at $450       🤟🤟🤟🤟🤟🤟🤟                          POSITIONS: 462 shares/ $28 avg 7 shares at 200avg all gme no diversification
A Note to the Hedgie Lurkers
I AIN'T HEAR NO BELL  You do realize you're fucking with the most irrational collection of individuals in the entire market, right? We're used to red days. Most of us are colorblind and can't tell the difference anyways. Some literally get off on loss, others are completely desensitized to it. Many of us have been in this shit since $10-$40. Conviction is way too strong to sell at a measly $130. That ladder was pretty sick today, ngl, you might've grabbed some paper handers/newblood, but do you think we're fucking BLIND? WE CAN SEE THE TRADING VOLUME. Even though many of us can't buy today, good luck finding enough sellers. Once the floodgates are open, WE LIKE THE STOCK, so people will buy the hell out of it. Hedgies should double down again, I really want that $5k per share. Holding till the bitter end.
DONT LET THEM WIN!!!! BROS GATHER TOGHETER!!!!!
Can't buy GME or AMC on E trade anymore.
If true, this would make a lot of sense about Robin Hood blocking some of your trades.
Rush Limbaugh is going TO THE MOON
WE LIKE THE LAWYER show him some  positivity
CLOSE YOUR ROBINHOOD ACCOUNTS!
Next up is Robinhood, close your accounts from those pieces of shit and have them go bankrupt selling their dicks to Cohen's bald heads. They can trade dick pix with eachother, that will be their new business model.  I knew from the first day those pieces of pedo's were trash, when they responded to a support ticket about a trade related issue a month later with a canned response. When I proceeded to curse them out after the 2nd email exchange in WSB fashion for such disgusting business practice they proceeded to CLOSE my account permanently.  Now it's time you autist retards go full retard and move your brokerage accounts to other brokers, boycott all these pedo scumbags who intentionally manipulated markets today.  In conclusion, FUCK ROBINHOOD and VLAD EMO GAYBEAR TENEV pieces of worthless shit.  EDIT:  YOU CAN TRANSFER SHARES LEAVE YOUR ACCOUNTS 0 BALANCE FOR PENDING LAWSUITS JUST INCASE, GRAB SCREENSHOTS. NO NEED TO SELL YOUR SHARES, ALL BROKERAGES CAN DO FULL TRANSFERS OF YOUR ACCOUNTS, JUST ASK THEM HOW. DON'T NEED TO DO IT NOW, BUT PLAN ACCORDINGLY WHEN THE TIME COMES TO DITCH THEM AND ANY OTHER BROKER WHO WAS COMPLICIT IN THE MANIPULATION TODAY.  EDIT2:  I'm currently with FIDELITY they didn't play any games with restrictions, they just don't have a fancy easy buy / sell dick pic button, but it's bigger then that now.  EDIT3:   Be aware transferring takes a few business days you can do partial or full transfers so if you have options expiring soon don't transfer those!
Interactive Brokers chairman on CNBC just now, asked why they halted trading: "Honestly, to protect ourselves"
Whistleblowers are coming out, it’s happening man.
🚨  The fed just had to tweet out that they aren’t a bank because of an influx of confused boomers. What a time to be alive 🚨
$GME SQUAD - TOMMOROW THE DARK STONK RISES
You know something is about to go down when most members of Congress are United over Wall Street trying to fuck us.
The clock is ticking for the hedgies
THE LARGEST ROBINHOOD STOCK TRADING GROUP ON FACEBOOK JUST GOT ZUCKED AND DELETED
Okay this is stupid as fuck. But I used to run the largest community of Robinhood Stock Traders on Facebook. We had over 157,000 people and we made millions of dollars in our community over the past couple days with $GME, $AMC, $BB and $NOK.   LITERALLY my group was just deleted by the lizardman himself. For the past five years, I have put my blood, sweat and tears into that page and now I am absolutely torn. I am absolutely speechless and cannot believe what has happened.   If anyone knows anyone who might be able to assist or help out in anyway, I would appreciate it. I might gonna go get some tendies and short $FB. Fuck the establishment. r/RobinhoodTraders
I ain't selling
Most Prominent LGND Shorter, Greg Lemelson, Was Sentenced For Misleading Investors And Distributing False Claims When He Shorted Ligand In 2018. Guess What? The Fucker Is Short Again!
This is juicy as can be, I was looking through SEC filings to find who is actually shorting Ligand. Then I stumbled upon this:      The most prominent shorter besides fucking Citron, is a guy named Greg Lemelson. He was sentenced for misleading investors and distributing false claims when he shorted Ligand but of course he couldn't take the L. He is back now with a vengeance and heavily heavily short.   Read this:      \ The Securities and Exchange Commission charged a hedge fund adviser and his investment advisory firm with illegally profiting from a scheme to drive down the price of San Diego-based Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc., reaping more than $  million of gains for the adviser and the hedge fund.\   Get in, now!
Flairing users based on how long they've been a member of r/wallstreetbets
We've all noticed the massive uptick in subscribed members. Just yesterday we were over   million users which has increased to nearly 5 million today. The mainstream news also bringing alot of new comers. With this attention comes spam and possible bot accounts.  I believe there should be flairs for users that have been apart of this subreddit for the amount of time they've spent here. One year flairs, two years etc. Curious to hear other people's feedback on this idea.
1/28/2021 in a nutshell
TO. THE. MOON.
I need your help, friends. This might be a chance to make a change.
Dear friends,  Yesterdays occurences were so extreme and disgusting that I'm almost speechless.   I am German and would like to inform our authorities about what happened because, although I was still able to trade, I was also affected by the market manipulation as I am a stock holder of GME (   ). German authorities take stuff like this really seriously so we might have a good chance to make change by contacting them.  I would like to write a letter to them that includes all events that took place. For this I need some information to proof my points:  •Source proving that Melvin Capital and Citron Research were both heavily short-selling GME •Source proving that Citadel is linked to Melvin Capital •Source proving that Citadel is linked to Robinhood  If you could provide me this information, you would help me a lot!  And don't forget:  HOLD!
AI Algorithm Predicted GME and AMC Surge Against All Odds
The hunter has become the HUNTED
They hunted us average guys like animals by mining our orderflow.  How does it feel to get systematically effed on every single greedy short?        There is more to this game folks. There are "commercial paper factories" who issue DEBT to distressed companies. They then SHORT the same stock they are lending money  to. WHY? Because the covenants in the commercial paper (BONDS) allow the lender to then take over the company  at DISTRESSED prices due to the capital structure.  THEY FUCK YOU IN THE DRIVE THROUGH.     It is rumored ( in another thread here on this sub) that $GME rejected some of these loans/bonds with unjust covenants. They went against the system.     Then you have those that are too weak to resist the greed and collude with creditors to steal the company from shareholders.     Not investment advice. These are not facts. These are my opinions. I speak only for myself.
WE WILL GROW WE WILL HOLD KEEP BUYING NAKED AND HOLD WE ARE GOING TO WIN 🔥🔥⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️🔥🔥         🔥⭐️⭐️🔥🔥🔥          🔥🔥⭐️🔥🔥🔥        NOK BB GME WE GOING HOLD STRONG
THE CEO OF INTERACTIVE BROKERS JUST SAID LIVE ON CNBC THEY BANNED TRADING TO PROTECT THEMSELVES, MIDDLE MEN, AND BROKERS. He said nothing about AVERAGE, every day investors.
Theory on why they turned of buying of GME.
TLDR; WSB was on the verge of taking down giant banks as well as investment firms, and maybe the entire market.  CEO of international brokers was just on CNBC and explained that the reason they shut it off is because there was potential for infinite risk.   As of right now there are about 10-15B (price around $250) in loses for short sellers.   But if the price 10x ( , 100x (25k) from here, because nobody will sell.   You could see 100b or a trillion in losses or infinite, in theory. He didn’t say it but this was avoiding a potential market crashing moment as giant banks and insurance companies get pulled in to cover loses from the infinite risk exposure.
The Government is actually rooting for the little guy? This is huge.
A hero rises . My little tribute to a true hero of mankind u/DeepFuckingValue . I love you man.
I think left,  right , and middle politics are all aligned on this issue at hand . We should basically all be outraged together , and it seems that's the case .The truth is no matter how you feel or what your opinions are , we are all 95% in the same boat together . We constantly forget and fight each other while the real enemies (  Big Bank USA) rob us blind . Never in human history can we fight back , us peasants . We can't dream to fight and win , but then along comes u/DeepFuckingValue .  Yes , on a self-proclaimed "Autist" Internet forum pushing "meme stocks" this hero emerged from his mother's basement with 50 grand , a dream , and some memes . The hero rose to give every last average peasant in America and around the world some hope that they do still have a semblance of power left. They have it if they remember to stay United with their brethren and countrymen. We are United on this GameStop thing , Power to the Players right ? This is the way. How else to take power than to win at their own games?   Never forget GameStop or this day because WSB will never be the same after this, but we must not let them win.  Edit: sorry for being a cliche American . U/DeepFuckingValue is a hero for all humankind worldwide .
The Wallstreetbets moderators should ban any screenshots of Robinhood going forward. Robinhood has benefitted tremendously from this sub only to screw it at every opportunity.
No more free lunch for Robinhood. They don’t deserve the free marketing from this sub.  How much traffic has WSB generated to Robinhood? What has Robinhood done in return?   - Prevent buying of stocks WSB favors - Allow selling of stocks WSB favors - Change the margin rules halfway through the day and then use that as an excuse to forcibly sell people’s positions in GME  This company does not deserve this user pipeline. Ban all Robinhood posts/screens.
🤝 TODAY IS THE DAY PEOPLE   🤝
Ladies and gentlemen I autistically own 12K shares of AMC, 13K shares EXPR, and 100 GME, mixed in with a few option calls.  This was about 91% of my net worth bc I’m retarded.  I  really need your help at market open in seven hours. I work an OK-paying IT job but could  really use the money to help my family (single father, two small  children < 5 y/o), so if you want to help  • Buy more shares!!! And if you cannot buy more shares that’s okay -  •  DO NOT SELL! I beg you please, let’s   🤝 this mother fucker and send a  big🖕🏼 and reality check to MelvinC , Steve Cohen and his arrogant  ass.  Once we cash out our tendies,  whether that be next week or next month, we switch platforms from the  dog 💩 Robinhood , to a new platform which we can agree on at a later  time.  For now, we are at war, and  some of us desperately need this money, and more importantly than the  money, this is a movement , a message, to those who underestimated us,  let’s make them regret thinking internet retards couldn’t over take  them!  I love you all, thank you for allowing me to be one of you guys in this once-in-a generation type of movement.  Tendies forever ♥️
European Stock Futures Lower
1611934625
Maybe RobinHood is also a victim
Hedge funds are desperately trying to scrape data from our WSB community aka ‘foul mouthed online message board’
Morning trade playlist (Spotify)
If he's still in I'm still in
A message to the front page.
You guys this message needs to get to the front page.  This is an ELI5  If you bought GameStop shares this week. Hold them. This is going to be a bumpy ride, you might see it dip below $100. I. WILL. NOT. SELL.   This stock is trading on the basis that these rich assholes sold more borrowed shares than actual exist.   They HAVE to buy these back at some point. The more people who buy and hold shares, the more the market gets starved.   When the market is starved  the supply will be less than the demand, and at that point I get to name MY price. The potential is mathematically infinite while the companies have their loaned shares out. Which they do.   But they’re going to make it tough and try to bring the price down. This is no longer about the money. This is occupy Wall Street v2, this is a movement, an idea. And when you have a good idea you have to fucking stay with it.   It’s not to late to get in for anyone asking. I bought today, I bought at $340 yesterday. Though I cannot tell you what to do, I will be buying more at whatever price I  can tomorrow.   The point is this though:  The more people who hold. The more people who refuse to let them have their way. The more people who’ve finally had enough. The more it goes up.   This is protest. This is the end game.   To quote the three musketeers  “All for one, one for all”   Leave no man behind and make em bleed!  Edit: this isn’t financial advice but meant to inform those about what is happening. And what I’m doing.
Days to Short!!
Guys, and gals, I am seeing a lot of talk about if Melvin had closed out their short positions already. Remember this metric, 'Days to Short'. This is a metric that tells you how many trading days are required to close a given short position. This is derived by taking into account the average daily volume in comparison to the size of the short position amongst other things. Last time I checked the days to short for Melvin Capital was approx. 6 days. With thursdays events behind us we can analyze where they probably stand. So yesterday we saw some of the most unprecedented behavior displayed by brokers and MMs along with hedge funds. Considering that a short ladder attack was clearly utilized in an attempt to fish out 📃handed fucks, we cant accurately say how many real shares they acquired, but we can say that with the volumes as low as they were, it was likely not a significant amount.   They were actively manipulating asset pricing algorithms by utilizing their super computers to sell back and forth (between hedge funds because they knew most retailers LITERALLY couldnt buy the shares when they were at the lows) at rapid intervals in an attempt to, A) reduce the price action and, B) get retailers to freak out and sell their shares because they think the stonk is crashing. IT IS NOT CRASHING! We saw multiple $50+ upward retracements from when these shmuck motherFUCKS were playing fuck fuck games and then haulted.   Guys.... and gals, WE. ARE. WINNINGGGGGG!! I am soo fucking proud of every single one of you  🤚 badass motherfuckers I cant even come up with the words for it... literally we are actively creating a better world for our children to be able to thrive in. This is 100% a cultural movement and is trancending the typical   political divides we have endured for far too long. Keep holding, exercise you fucking contracts on robinhood because thats the only way to acquire shares through those future prison rats, and stick our bids rite in the shorts mouths as they beg for mercy. Keep pushing!
My explanation to my family
So I just can’t sleep out of anger and my family keeps asking me to explain so I thought I would put it down in text.  Each one of us knew our risks.  The sentiment that “ (the brokers) are protecting the user by preventing exposure” is an absolute cop out.   Okay sure, brokers are worried about covering positions... so don’t allow securities to be traded on margin; but what happened yesterday is an absolute crime and has robbed thousands of families money.  Money that they rightly deserve because those families played by the rules of the game.   I use the word families because despite the narrative that this is a “stick it to the man” movement the majority of users made investments to better their lives with research and execution; even if that investment was at very high risk.  Family heads who did the research and saw a stock over leveraged and they simply played the other side and countered greed.  This is no difference then shorting an overrun stock and reaping the benefits.  Greed goes both ways.  Of course there were risks with these counter plays. Companies can issue more stock and provide exit opportunities or market sentiment can change on a dime; these are simply the rules of a PUBLIC marketplace.  Was the marketplace flawed, absolutely but that’s they key of a PUBLIC marketplace... it can improve and be better with laws and safeguards implemented in a democratic way.  What I never expected for my family was that the rules can change mid fight and the ref never notified me.    Every broker which blocked purchases cooked the books for the opposing wrestler because his wrestler has never been defeated before and the wrestlers fans shop at their family restaurant.  Truth be told I made a profit on the movement and I count myself lucky but I’m sure there are others who have not.  This movement is not over, but I feel for the families who did not get to win or lose their money the fair and LEGAL way.  The actions of yesterday allowed one side of a position to profit while the other side’s hands were tied.  That is not fair and that is not a PUBLIC market.  Diamonds Hands” is a symbol however let’s be realistic every family knows they are looking to make a profit... that profit was sabotaged by multiple brokers however Robinhood was trailblazer and the app of “the people” and they betrayed their people.  The irony in the name is now so painful.    I will never use Robinhood or Merrill Lynch again.  I  have already begun moving my accounts and hope everyone else is too.     The battle is not over and I think it may continue and I hope to get back in for a bigger share again on a better broker.   My only fear is how much has changed while our hands were tied behind our backs.  How much short interest was gobbled up during the illegal collusion.  I know my funds are going to be locked up by day trade limits in a Roth and new account deposits with Fidelity but god speed boys.  Make the hedges say guh but keep an eye on the short interest estimates.  TLDR Guhd Luck
Why did none of the major brokers limit trading in $MAC?
Seems they limited all the other most shorted small cap stocks, but not $MAC?  If you haven’t heard yet, Robinhood will allow limited trading tomorrow for the most shorted stocks such as $GME. You will only be able to buy up to 5 shares of $GME if you don’t own any. If you own more than 5 shares you can’t buy any more shares. Similar limits are applied to all other most shorted companies and meme stocks..  But in every “most shorted small cap stocks” list i see, $MAC is in the top 5 or 6. Why is this one not banned?  I like $GME I like this stock.   Positions: $GME $MAC $QQQ puts
Just put my whole college fund into $GME
I hope you guys gave me good advice, I put 13k into GME!
Every buy matters!
Do we want physicists to work on trading algorithms or climate change? AOC talks $GME, Citron, and Robinhood with her first guest, an ex wall street engineer
A suggestion for tomorrow that could genuinely flip the potential of the game.
If this small piece of advice makes it to the front page, and is followed properly, it could literally shoot this thing to the moon.      THE PLAN TLDR: When / if the institutions manipulate the stock just like today and make it dip heavily, what you need to do is time your buys, close to the dip prices (for example, if it dips to 128, but calls at strike price 130, 135, 140, 150, 155, etc. dated FEB 5th! You will have a halt and have time to buy! And for maximum success people will buy at the halts on the way down and the halts on the way up.    This is because MM's have to hedge and be market neutral by the end of the day. Which means if 2 k contracts go ITM at strike price 130c after it rockets back up to say, 250, then by the end of the day MM's have to buy a % of 2 000 \  100 (shares per contract) = 200 000 shares to hedge, and they all want to buy from a small float and all at the cheapest price, which will set off the gamma squeeze.   It has to be close to the dip price because if MM's and tutes find a way to supress the price tomorrow, the call price has to be ITM at EOD (last 20 min) or else MM's wont have to buy shares to hedge at all. So the close to the dip price the better.      Since GME shareholders don't have Robinhood users buying shares and calls anymore to set off a catalyst for the gamma squeeze, we need to make use of the dip, and use it as a catapult to shoot us to mars. There is no driving catalyst anymore! People don't realize the stock will be a repeat of today unless they are outsmarted in ways so stupid they would never imagine it would be done.    I own GameStop shares, this is just suggestions and speculation, and I am not a financial advisor. I made up all the numbers in this post, I have no idea what's gonna happen tomorrow. Also I'm still pretty new but I've been retaining knowledge like a sponge, so can any intelligent investors tell me whether I'm making any sense.  # TLDR FOR DUMMIES: WHEN / IF IT DIPS TO THE GROUND FLOOR JUST LIKE TODAY, BUY INFINITE CALLS CLOSE TO THE STOCK PRICE TO GIVE IT FUEL
You better fucking sign this petition like your bullshit life depends on it we need to win
Is tomorrow the day we prove the free market is a myth?
So if you haven’t checked out the post about brokerages shutting down buying to prevent nuking the market, I highly suggest it.      It seems to have some merit to it. So my question is, when shit goes parabolic tomorrow and the quants dial up the boss to tell them to pack up the market, it’s over, and they inevitably shut down trading on some tickers for several days, does this finally prove that the free market is just a myth? A farce? That the whole system is a big circle jerk but only a few people have people next to them that have hands? I’m sitting here waiting on pre-market and just thinking “are we about to blow the economy to bits?”  Edit 2: WATCH THIS VIDEO TO UNDERSTAND WHY BUYING WAS STOPPED IN OUR MEME STOCKS    Edit: no threats of violence please. I don’t want to personally be associated with anything even remotely resembling Jan 6, and I don’t want this community painted that way either. Take that shit elsewhere. Jail time yes. Bankruptcy and ruin yes. Marched through the streets a la that blonde Lannister bitch, absolutely. Not violence.
The energy in this sub is like Power Overwhelming!
I just thought I’d compare the energy of the sub talking about GME, BB, AMC, and other meme stocks with the same crazy and exciting energy I feel at a hot roulette table in Vegas!  All the retards are rooting for each other as we take money from our IRA’s, 401k’s, 529 plans, TSP’s, and savings to buy these stocks!  I like these stocks, let’s go!  I wanted to buy more AMC and BB, but aftermarket prices have risen from the closing prices of today! Lol!  I love it!  Btw, Charles Swchab came through and allowed these stocks to trade normally without the Robinhood bullshit.  Apes together stronk!!!      Edit: I changed flair after learning YOLO might not be appropriate and I wanted to be respectful of how the flair is used... I guess this would be a discussion... like I just want to share my feelings!!!! Plz!!!
Hedge funds and quants literally scraping WSB to get ahead of us
Hedge funds accustomed to poring through arcane corners of earnings reports in search of companies to bet against are turning their sights on foul-mouthed online message boards in an effort to stay ahead of day traders who have started beating them at their own game.  Since early 2020, alternative data provider Quiver Quantitative has been scraping data off the now   Reddit message board r/WallStreetBets, identifying the most talked-about companies, and using language processing to determine whether sentiment is positive or negative.  The switch comes after hedge fund Melvin Capital was this week forced into a rescue package from other investors after an unprecedented assault by individual traders crushed its bet against console retailer GameStop. Others do not want to fall into the same trap.
Broker’s may not be lying today guys.
If brokers aren’t lying about liquidity the problem isn’t that they are protecting billionaires, it’s that it’s illegal for brokers to get enough leverage to their cash on hand to compete with hedge fund leverage.    Yes it is market manipulation to stop the ability to trade stocks. However, when all the brokers are saying they don’t have enough money on hand to make these enormous orders liquid, maybe they aren’t lying?   One thing Chamath brought up several times yesterday on CNBC is that hedge funds are allowed to instantly leverage their cash 10x, do brokers get to do the same to support their traders?  Maybe the system is so inherently broken that it’s literally illegal (because of the SEC rules) for brokers to get enough money to be liquid enough to compete with hedge funds.   Maybe they just found a good excuse to defend billionaires. However, to assume that the brokers who have made their whole business model off supporting retail investors are solely to blame seems to be skipping over the real problem.   Either way it’s fucked.  EDIT: I didn’t say buy or sell guys, I said brokers may legitimately not be allowed to leverage cash enough to keep up with hedge funds. Calm the fuck down.
WE HAVE BEEN INFILTRATED! REDDIT HAS BEEN TAKEN OVER!
Greetings! When browsing Reddit and eating trendies, I noticed a popular ask Reddit question asked “Day traders of Reddit, how is news where you work?”  Every single answer was talking about how it was business as usual, and how sorry everyone felt about the rug about to be pulled from under us. About how we are the ones who will be left with baggage when it all crashes down. It seemed very peculiar and unreddit like that it was literally in every response.   I believe it is trickery and we must be on guard and not fall for such shcmuckery.  Hold, friends!
RobinHood... Do we have a problem?
A warning to the noobs, be careful about the PDT rule with your broker (or get a 90 day lock out of your account)
A Treatise on the Tendie Nightman
I post this realizing that if I had any houses, I risk inviting them to be promptly burned down. But before putting my head on a pike outside WSB’s gates, at least hear me out. And I apologize ahead of time - this is a lot of words and I don’t know how to use emojis.   I loved seeing Steve “the Sac” Cohen and Ken Griffin bleed billions as much as all of you after all the illegal BS they’ve gotten away with (and profited hugely from) for the past 20 years, but I think all the anger currently being directed towards them is misguided, ultimately futile in that it won’t change anything, and should instead be directed at Congress (there’s a reason they’re all so quick to point the finger at the brokers and hedge funds) and SEC, because what happened today was a colossal regulatory failure, not a back room conspiracy to save a few hedge fund assholes from having to sell their jets and Epstein Island memberships (and let’s be honest, their funds could go BK, but they’d still have plenty of personal wealth - the y’re gambling with your pension and insurance dollars, not their own personal wealth - and in any event they’d just set up a new fund tomorrow with a stupid innocuous name, like Dot69).  What you retards managed to pull off this week was something financiers have dreamed and schemed to do since the invention of the tendie - cornering a market and naming your own price.   Through an admirable feat of disciplined, if highly autistic, teamwork you managed to set up a situation where through controlling the float and flooding a free-for-all options market, the price of GME was entering a feedback loop that theoretically could have gone to infinity as long as equally autistic short sellers kept borrowing shares.  Whoever called it the infinity tendie glitch wasn’t wrong.   In a matter of days, GME added $20bn of market cap. If it had doubled again today, that would have been $40bn. Monday would have been $80bn. And beyond that my math breaks down.   At some point between today and Monday, those short sellers would have run out of cash and other collateral to cover their positions while the price literally kept going to the moon.   Should they have covered? Seems pretty stupid not to have given the circumstances, but they’re just as autistic as you and were encouraging each other to have diamond hands and not f’ing cover like a pussy. They were just as convinced that they were going to win the war. Stupid, but remember, they’re autistic, and their autism has served them well in their chosen profession.   So what would have happened if left to their own devices and they refused to cover while deploying every trick in their book and the price continued accelerating to the moon?   They would have been forced to continue liquidating other positions, which would ripple through the broader equity markets (as it already started to on Wednesday), and eventually they would have had to declare bankruptcy. Again, it’s not their personal money, so ultimate they don’t really give a f. They’re already billionaires.  The brokers would have been on the hook for getting the shares back into the hands of the owners - you.   Say all this happened on Monday after two more days of only 100% gains - that’s up to $80bn that needs to be covered. That’s going to start bringing down brokers. And they’re going to start defaulting on their credit lines.   Now this is rippling through not just the equity markets - which are probably in free fall because the brokers that make the market are shutting down - but also the credit markets and the banking system.   The credit markets are as levered as they’ve ever been in US history and the banking system is still pretty f’ing levered despite all the noise made about reform following the global financial crisis, so I don’t say this with any exaggeration - this little video game retailer stock could have kicked off a cascade that could have led to a financial crisis as bad as 2008-09.   At some point the Fed and / or Congress would be forced to step in and bail out the financial sector once again, with the taxpayer ultimately footing the bill.   Given the tools they have today, they probably would have stepped in before it became a full blown apocalypse, but hard to say - these things happen fast and follow unpredictable paths.   It sounds dramatic, but a year ago a bat virus from Wuhan shutting the global economy down would have sounded dramatic, and 15 years ago the US mortgage market triggering the collapse of the global financial system would have sounded even more fantastical.   So it had to stop somewhere. Could the brokers have recalled the short shares? Because the SI was more than 100% of the float, that was impossible without causing the very catastrophe they were trying to avoid. So they threw the kill switch on the demand side so this cluster could unwind without taking down the whole system.   Now is that a totally f’d system where it’s ok for Congress and the Fed to bail out a bunch of over-levered and unprofitable corporations with trillions of dollars due to a virus that should have been planned for, but make a bunch a retail investors the bag holders for a $20bn asset bubble that was allowed to form under the rules?  1000%.   Let’s be honest - when retail citizens can’t even get more than $600 of assistance from the government in the middle of a pandemic and economic crisis, retail speculators aren’t going to get jack in the way of a government bailout.   What were the specific original sins here?  There were many, but I’d argue the main ones, as many have already noted, were:  1) The SEC letting institutional investors get away with naked shorting  2) The regulators allowing short interests to exceed 100% of float  3) The SEC not requiring real time, accurate reporting of short positions  4) Letting the derivatives market run amok, totally detached from economic reality  I’m sure there are many others, too, but at the root of all of them is indeed a stacked system that favors capital owners.   Ultimately these are all massive regulatory failures. The SEC, the Fed, Congress and others let their owners get away with behaviors that would land a retail investor in court (civil, criminal, and / or bankruptcy).  So who should you be directing your fury at? First and foremost it should be Congress.   You should be demanding regulatory reform that reigns in bad behavior and makes the playing field more level (it will never be perfectly level in a capitalist system - capital will always hold sway).  Again, there’s a reason why politicians from across the political spectrum are jumping on the populist bandwagon and cheering for you - it’s to deflect blame, avoid being burned at the stake, and score political points with a new, galvanized voter bloc.   (All the celebrities, investors, and other opportunists who are part of the capital-owning class are just doing it for more cash and / or to promote their own agenda.)  Yes the brokers were acting in their own financial interests - staying alive - and maybe there was some pressure from their hedge fund buddies, but they really didn’t have a choice but to do what they did.   And as much as they all deserve a punch in the dick, I can’t really get too angry with the hedge funds either (I mean I still think they’re a bunch of soulless dicks) - they were simply acting in their own economic interest and were willing to go to any length to win, same as you. They just have more institutional power than you, because they own the institution.   Is it fair that they can trade after hours but retail can’t? Nope, but those were the ground rules that were in place when you decided to put money into the equity markets, and if you didn’t know them, then that’s on you.   Is it fair they use prime brokers who kept making markets for them while Robinhood and TD Ameritrade froze retail out from buying? Not really, but they have enough money to afford those services, and again, those were the ground rules, and it’s all there in the fine print. (Maybe the fine print is illegal, maybe not - I have no idea and that’s for a court to sort out.)  I don’t know why I’m writing this other than it’s just made me angry to:  1) Watch this avoidable and predictable train wreck happen in slow motion over the last couple of weeks, and   2) Watch the outrage directed towards the brokers who were just trying to stay alive in the cross fire while everybody is cheering on the sh t-grinning, grandstanding politicians who are really the ones ultimately responsible for this breakdown, only a decade out from the last financial crisis.   Like Captain Renault, their faux shock at discovering that gambling is occurring in Casablanca is only a distraction while the hedge funds are quietly handing them their winnings that at the end of the day ensure not a f’ing thing changes about the system that continues to favor capital owners at the expense of the average citizen.   I don’t know when or how this is going to end, but I do know that it’s highly likely a lot of retail investors are going to be hurt much worse on a relative basis than any hedge fund. Again, they’re gambling with your money, and they’re going to be either rich or dirty fucking rich at the end of the day.   And the system is not going to let the chaos spill over into the broader markets.   Who knows, maybe the SEC will grow some balls and find the authority to force the shorts to cover in the name of protecting the integrity of the market.   Sorry, I don’t have a TLDR, except to say f the politicians and the role of money in politics.  Congress writes the rules of the game, and according to the rules, everything that transpired today was likely legal.   That will continue to be the case until something is done to truly reform the system, no matter how much sound and fury is generated on Reddit and Twitter, no matter how many class action lawsuits are filed and ultimately dismissed, how many politicians hold hearings or promise to look into “situations”, or how many brokerages are boycotted - someone will always take their place.   And it would be f’ing hilarious and perfect if WSB and GameStop were the catalysts of real revolution in this country.    This collective energy can and should be put to productive use beyond just printing tendies and shoving them up the Sac’s a$$.
This goes out to Robinhood, Melvin and Citadel
FOUND THIS COMMENT ON CNETS BEAR POST.. SOME LATE NIGHT INSPIRATION. HOLD FAMILY HOLD!!!!!!!!!
In before CNET nukes their comment section like every other establishment mouthpiece on the internet. This is one of the worst articles I've ever seen... Unless the SEC or someone screws the retail investors, it's over, they won. The squeeze is coming and there's no amount of spin that is going to change facts. The only thing that changes what is coming is if the system changes the rules, and if that happens you're looking at something worse than the collapse of a hedge fund, you're looking at the collapse of western civilization. Why play the game if it's rigged? Why vote if the election is rigged? All you people are doing is fueling our fire. The revolution is now, and there's nothing you can do to stop it... one way or the other it's happening. No quarter for traitors.
We must never acquiesce
Money alone moves the wheels of history!     Have you ever asked yourselves in an hour of meditation, which everyone finds during the day     how long we have been striving for greatness?     Not only the years we've been at war, the war of work, but from the moment as a child when we realized that wallstreet coul be conquered.     It has been a lifetime struggle.     A never-ending fight.     I say to you, and you will understand that it is a privilege to fight!     We are warriors!     Trader of Wall Street Bets, I ask you once more: Rise and be worthy of this historical hour!     No revolution is worth anything unless     IT     CAN     DEFEND     ITSELF     Some people will tell you WSB is a bad word. They'll conjure up images of degenerate neckbeards and door to door charletons.     This is our duty: to change their perception.     I say traders of the world unite!     We must never acquiesce for it is together     TOGETHER, THAT WE PREVAIL!     We must never cede control of the motherland!     For it is together that we prevail!           Dwight Schrute inspiration
Help this noob understand what to do with 1 GME share tomorrow (other than hold the line)
EDIT: I’m all aboard for holding, I guess a better way to phrase what I’m asking is: While we’re all unified in holding, does there come a point where we’re all unified in selling AFTER the hedge funds are fucked? Im just not clear on how this ends if ever. Otherwise Im holding forever.  ——————————————-  Let me start by saying that I went into this completely ok with losing the money i put into this. I just like the stock and wanted to help, and thats worth what I spent alone.  So I bought 1 share at a little over $300 on Wednesday.  Its all I vould really spare, but I’ll hold it even if it drops to 1 penny, I don’t care, I’ll still sleep like a baby. I once spent 4 digits just to bring back MST3K, I can spend $300 just to make a stand against assholes.  The piece of the puzzle this noob ape is missing is what actions to take, if any, if the price does shoot to the moon tomorrow (or next week, or the week after.)   Is there a certain point where I should then sell it? Are there any signs I should look for that its the optimal time to sell it? I ask because I notice the graphs of squeezes that have happened in the past (like VW) seem to drop off very steeply very quickly. (I did my best to research on my own before posting this)  Is getting nuggies even possible for me if I only have 1 ordinary share or am I just taking one for the team here, which is fine.  Please feel free to leave any random comments below since I know nothing offered is actual financial advice, just random words strung together.
(Redacted) these fuckers DOXXED deepfuckingvalue?!!?! 🤬
Need advice!! I was a        today.
So despite holding through the dips in previous days, I was overleveraged and  I panicked and paperhanded my valuable GME shares during the dip today. Even worse, I sold at the worst possible time at $120/share (cuz at the time I thought the bottle had popped and it was gonna go double digit by EOD). Downvote me and call me a fucking retard all you want but I need help. Do we think this shit is gonna moon tomorrow and next week despite all the dirty plays by Wall Street, brokers and the media? I saw that the SI dropped from 139% to 97% in recent days, is that still high enough for a squeeze? Is there any point in buying back tomorrow at around $300/share? Cheers my fellow retards! Sorry for disappointing y'all today.    Tl;dr: I paperhanded my shares at $120/each. Now I feel stupid and thinking about buying back in tomorrow if yall think it's gonna moon in the coming days despite all the dirty plays. Is this the way?    Edit: I really hope this goes to thousands with me or without me! Fuck all those assholes in Wall Street
Futures are blood red because the upcoming Great Squeeze will send ripples through the financial world. HOLD OR BUY!!!
Melvin Capital and other funds will not be able to cover their shorts and because they were so retarded their brokers will be forced to cover. Unfortunately the quantity will be so high the brokers will not be able to cover so it will move to their insurance companies who Alas have no liquidity because they are also retarded and won't be able to cover.   It will be the stock equivalent of 2008 mortgage crisis.   I'm a retard this is just my opinion looking at the situation that I know nothing about.
Robinhood was never our friend! Never forget and LETS MAKE THESE FUCKERS PAY
We all know what Robinhood is doing is deplorable and unjust; they built their whole brand off of serving the little guy, and when the little guy needed them the most, they turned their backs. Hopefully the lawsuits will make them pay. But don't forget:   Robinhood was never our friend.   They were never actually fighting for the little guy. Remember in March two years ago, during two of world history's most historic days of trading, when Robinhood suddenly stopped working? Remember the original SEC suits against them, and the current cases against them for gamifying finance? They were never our friend. This was always who they were, but desperation forced them to reveal their true colors.  My point is, don't forget about this lawsuit like we forgot about the one from 2019; don't forget about how they purposely made investing 'fun', 'easy', 'gamey', and above all, addicting. Don't forget about those with minimal experience and knowhow who have lost millions in savings to Robinhood's repackaged gambling. Don't forget about Alex Kearns, the kid who got in way over his head and ended his life. Don't forget, and don't forgive. Do everything that everyone on the sub is suggesting. Submit   and demand hearings. Move to Webull or whatever once this is all over. And ABOVE ALL ELSE...  #   # KEEP  # FUCKING  # BUYING       LETS MAKE THESE FUCKERS PAY FOR EVERYTHING!! TO VALHALLA!
RH limiting meme stock purchases. Move some to SLV.
I just tried to put in orders on all the meme stocks (BB, NOK, NAKD, AMC, GME, BBBY) and it’s limited to small orders only.   While I’m not saying to move completely away from GME, we should move some spare funds into plan B (plan SLV).  The media is picking up on it as there have been popular posts on this already. I really believe in this position and think it could make GME look like nothing.   Anyways if you’re looking for a play SLV shares/calls are looking tender.   Check the options chain and look at how easy a gamma squeeze could happen here.   Not investment advice. I’m not a professional. Not intended to be a GME distraction.   Edit: Jesus Christ I’m not telling you to forget about GME. KEEP IT, BUY AS MUCH AS YOU CAN! But it’ll only be 5 shares because that’s what RH limits.
Some key points to keep in mind
Robinhood didn't halt trading just because they hate you, they did it because Citadel made them. Robinhood can't actually place your order themselves, they need to go to a market maker to find a counterparty for you. Citadel actually pays robinhood for this, because your trades are free money for them - they overcharge you on the spread, and they place their own trades immediately before yours to take advantage of price movement. They're the ones who want you to lose money: they bailed out the biggest hedge fund shorting Gamestop, Melvin, so now they own a huge chunk of that fund. So now that they want the shorts to win, and the retail traders (you) to lose, they told robinhood to get lost, they just wouldn't be accepting buy orders on these stocks. Just sells. (This has never happened before.) Only then did Robinhood turn around and stab its retail traders in the back - because, of course, you're not their customer. Citadel is their customer. You're their product.   Ok, this one's new to me: robinhood is apparently selling shares belonging to accounts that are not trading on margin. Margin calls are normal. Selling shares that your clients own outright is crazytown what-in-the-world shenanigans.   Your broker is lending your shares out to people who want them, like the hedge funds you're betting against. depending who your broker is you can call them and tell them to stop, turn off margin trading, set limit sells at stratospherically high prices, or go get a real broker.   Your broker is selling your information, like your sell price, to anybody who can pay for it. if you set a stop-loss sell at 100, and some other gambler set a stop-loss sell at 115, then a hedge fund wanting to drive the price down can start to chain-trigger stop-loss sells until the prices reaches a level low enough to allow them to escape the short squeeze.   Source:
HOLD OR FUCKING DIE
Has anyone taken a step back to see the     coming from the exposure??
Literally both sides of American politics are in the GME gang at this point, it’s literally being on the “In” or the new cool thing to buy GME. With the puts being due by tomorrow, along with an additional 500m people putting in $10 a piece to say they were apart of something, this shit is going to fuck the aliens in another galaxy.   I’m not a financial adviser just someone who got fucked on putting a buy order in on Robinhood that robinhood chose to cancel  Edit: spelling, but I could never spell to begin with
I’m proud of being part of history.
I remember when u/deepfuckingvalue was posting back in September. A lot doubted him, Including myself. I ask for forgiveness from u/deepfuckingvalue for my questioning of his highness and his   🏻.   I now realize that this has become so much more than just a short squeeze. This will echo in a new era of trading where retail will be the real movers of this market. Godspeed fellow retards. I’m proud of being part of history.  To Andromeda we shall go
TD order auto rejected for “price out of range”. So this may be a new battle now.
Rinse and Repeat to Mars
GME: The "INFINITY" Squeeze
Sources will be cited  # Background on Squeezes and Infinity Squeezes  Whats happening? GME is ready for an "infinity squeeze" a short squeeze, where over 100% of the float (tradable shares) are held short.   What is a short squeeze? A short squeeze occurs when a heavily shorted stock rises quickly, and those who short the stock typically have to BUY their SHORTED shares back, to "cover" themselves. This buying creates a huge spike in the price. However, this is nothing compared to an infinity squeeze.  There are two recorded infinity squeezes in history. The more notable one was in 2008, and   in a day. This was in 2008, during the financial crisis. The average family did not have a broker, and they were not trading. They were worried about losing their house.   # GME  As of yesterday, GameStop was still shorted   It says   days, because Friday options technically expire on Saturday.  This means that over must be bought by tomorrow. They will need to physically "rotate" through the shares, buying the ENTIRE FLOAT, selling, and BUYING THE OTHER 22% of it.    The price will rise INFINITELY until enough sellers step forth, and rotate their shares through. This could bankrupt Citadel, and perhaps even Citadels lenders.     The skyrocketing demand will send the price skyrocketing. The average infinity squeeze moves    Whether or not you buy, the price will skyrocket. The banks need to buy back their own position, buying the stock that they shorted, at a huge loss. It's your opportunity to make money, and laugh in the face of the rich.
Some game theory perspective
What is a game of Chicken?    The game of chicken models two drivers, both headed for a single-lane bridge from opposite directions. The first to swerve away yields the bridge to the other. If neither player swerves, the result is a costly deadlock in the middle of the bridge, or a potentially fatal head-on collision.    How to win the game?    In a game of chicken,   the one who stand their ground or show that they are willing to stand their ground no matter what, wins  . In the car example, you would r  oll down the window, take out the steering wheel, throw it out the window, and then show you hands outside the window, and press hard on gas pedal.      This is a game of chicken.    In this case, there is a subtle difference. It is between two groups.   One group: hedge funds. Another: degenerates.  Another set of dynamics is added. And that is   loyalty  .  Now, hedge funds are united by greed. wsb are by revenge and emotion, fueled by decades of anger and frustration toward wall street. The latter is a much stronger force of union, especially when dumbass hedge funds are adding fuel to fire by doing the exact thing that got them into this position in the first place: manipulation  .       Their group can be easily disbanded.   All it takes is for them to see that we are holding ground and pressing the gas pedals and taking out the steering. The dynamics here is that their car is driven by a bunch of greed-driven selfish funds; it is in their nature to be selfish. When one of them decides that there is no hope of winning, it could jump out of the car to avoid death for itself ONLY; it won't care about the other guys. When that happens, the game is lost for them. And as i said, every one of them is   selfish   in nature.   On the flip side, for people driven by rage, no one cares who jumps off the car. Everyone is focused forward.  Therefore, one way to win is to simply let their selfish nature win the game for us.  The only danger is that if rage dies off too quick before the opposite side's selfish nature take over, then the game is lost.  So, at the end of the day, if you wanna win and win big, simply keep being furious.
WE DID IT GUYS
Theres only one way this ends: With us Rich and "Robinhood Markets Inc/Citadel Vs. The United States"
Don't Sell - Transfer in Kind to Another Broker
The blatant market manipulation set forth by Citadel and their control over Robin Hood is appalling. If you trade with RH or one of the other brokers that has limited trading on GME, don't give in and sell. Sign up at another broker, a real one and initiate a transfer-in-kind. Yes, it will take weeks for the shares to arrive at the new broker but this short interest isn't going to unwind itself for weeks anyway. Don't sell! By transferring the assets in kind, Robin Hood will have to send the shares to your new broker and keep them in your name. They can limit which stocks trade on their platform but they can't limit transfers out.   YOU ARE BEING MANIPULATED INTO SELLING!   DO. NOT. SELL.     The volume today on GME is half of yesterday and a quarter of what it was the three days prior to that. This price is drop is fake and manipulated.
This is WAR $GME $BB $NOK
One thing everyone here must understand: the action we took with GME BB and NOK, has uncovered a HUGE manipulation schemes showing is how deep the rabbit hole is.   The future outcome of all this goes only two ways:  1. FED and WH take action to fuck the platforms that stopped trading and we see these stock in telescope outside the Solar System.  2. FED and WH join in with Hedge funds and platforms or do nothing. This will openly show that the government and rich are only here to screw us over and only to benefit themselves... this turns into WAR.   You guys are more then Autists and retards, you are APES! APES STRONG TOGETHER  WE ARE MAKING HISTORY, this is it!  Edit 1: $AMC, BUY AMC.  Do not give an inch of freedom to these bastards  Edit 2:  Don’t think about it as GME BB NOK and AMC alone. This is “Them” telling you “Fuck you, stay Poor!!!” This is about us Rising together and showing them that we are strong. This will make news and this should be punishable, if not, the only way to solve this is to take matters into our hands. 2nd amendment is there in place for this
It doesn't matter who ends their restrictions on trades
What matters is who never restricted them in the first place.  We need to list those apps/sites that never stopped trades, and we need to list those that did, regardless of their period of time. These two lists need to be displayed prominently, so everybody knows who stuck through it, and who betrayed us.  Sure, Webull¹ allows GME and NOK trades  now.  But they restricted before and they can easily do it again. We can't forget that these companies will sell our their customers to appease their handlers. Maybe we can't trust any of these companies. In fact, definitely we cannot. But today gives all these companies a track record that we need to hold them accountable for as best as we can.  EDIT: I've gone ahead and started  . Just a google doc. If you would like to add anything or have any comments about it, please place them on the doc itself so I can see them. Every company listed has just been pulled from this post's comments  ¹Webull was an example for illustrative purposes.
We got regulators on our side too!
Refer to the graphic describing Volkswagen’s MOASS [GME]
Seems like last week when we were spreading that graphic around was a little too early. Now we have probably millions of clueless smoothbrains panic selling right into the funds’ hands.   Can we agree to spread the graphic again? The one which shows a huge dip right before the biggest part of the squeeze? It would definitely help public sentiment in favor of GME and prevent all of the barstool idiots from selling after they all bought yesterday. It’s important to reassure the masses when their positions don’t go up 50% the first time
'You've got to have a cop on the beat': Elizabeth Warren slams SEC over GameStop chaos
When the squeeze is over, we need to hold Robinhood accountable for their collusion with Citadel on manipulating the market by preventing users of their from buying GME shares
Robinhood is planning to IPO in the foreseeable future. We need to switch away of their platform because they clearly do not act in our best interests. Rather, they aim to keep the rich in power while proclaiming to "democratizing" the markets. Actions speak louder than words and it is clear they never intended to allow the regular folks from benefiting by partaking in the markets.  Therefore, I suggest that we switch to other brokerage platforms that also offer free stock trading (options may not be free) and make sure that Robinhood's IPO becomes a bust. If their DAU, MAU, and other performance metrics that ties into their valuation drops, we will have sent a clear signal to the world that the billionaire institutions and all their cronies do not get to unfairly tip the scales in their favor any longer.   Power to the people. We are the ones that make the world go round!  Edit: there is nothing illegal about buying shares of a stock. Do not let the media spook you into selling. We are entering the endgame now and be prepared to outright lies and potentially illegal/unethical moves against us.
“BUY GAMESTOP STOCK WSB” -pulled from Twitter. The attention this is getting is crazy, but very much deserved.
If PAPA MUSK IS FOR US WHO CAN BE AGAINST US !!! IM STILL HOLDING!!!
Umm guys? Looks like Tricia Rothschild is head of apex clearing house the place that had robinhood shut down buying gme....
Freedom Finance Europe Ltd i am from Ukraine and still can buy shares here, works in Europe. HOLDING THE LINE
WeBull has taken a stance against brokerages siding with the institutions and has resumed trading of GME and AMC.
IMPORTANT:   -Revolut   -Vanguard  -Fidelity   NEVER halted trading! THEY ARE BETTER THAN WEBULL.     -Saxobank   -XTB  -Tastyworks  -Degiro (though they blocked stop loss orders - really weird)    have also been said to be ok by users.   Prevented/halted trading due to technical or other reasons:   -SoFi (potentially technical issues)  -TDAmeritrade  -Merril Lynch (halted in AH)  -FreeTrade UK (conflicting reports of buying only being allowed after 3:58)  -Schwab (imposed restrictions on trades for a time according to users)    -E Trade (last hour of trading - could very well have been a server issue tbf)  The aforementioned were previously said to be ok, but users claim they either blocked orders or halted for some time. Need proof.  Disclaimer: its a Chinese company. I know that might bother some of you guys and they're far from perfect - they halted trading as well earlier today. They do however offer advanced charts and a discussion section. They also allow extended hours trading.   The only thing that RH has over them is a sexy UI. Besides that, RH is a bunch of shills with a shitty platform that folds under heavy volume constantly - and a broker that halted trading to benefit the institutions while claiming it was for your own good - remember that.
Wallstreetbets is the real Robinhood
Seriously guys, this can be huge for the future! Companies, that are shady can be fucked by us all and awesome opportunities created for all of us. We decide.  Renewable Energy companies are pushed so they can finance them selfes better, awesome products supported, coins pushed to higher highs everybody buys and holds. And it‘s decentralized and open, so its not illegal or InSIder trading.  And the average joe can benefit! Pay for medical bills, buy a house.. it could be beautiful!  There should be a mechanism like a poll that decides in secret, which ticker will be next, and at a random time it shows the ticker and the direction so everyone of us can benefit...  EDiT: of course this is just a discussion. No illegal actions are encouraged! Certainly no illegal manipulation should be done.  Just a huge group of individuals who like the same dd of some of our finest retards.
PIG FUCKERS TO THE FRONT OF THE LINE - LETS GO YOU RETARDS!!!!

Thank you for this moment, you've given me purpose
I only have one measly share.  I missed the boat on this, I was preoccupied the last few months with my wife's cancer battle  But this situation is the first time I've felt like I have any sort of purpose since my wife passed away earlier this month.  All i have is one share, but thank you for letting me feel invigorated.  I don't have my livelihood riding on this.  But for the first time in a long while, I feel a fire inside me.  Thank you for this.  She always used to tease me for my obsessions with meme stocks, but I know she'd have loved to hear me rant about this bullshit in endless anti-establishment screeds.  I won't get to hear her laugh at me for it, but the least we can do is burn Melvin and Citadel to ashes.  She was stubborn as hell, and I hope everyone else here will join me in stubbornly refusing to sell.     EDIT:  Didnt expect many to see this, you guys have made me cry again, thanks, retards.  You guys are the best.  This is the shit that the hedgefunds will never have.  They will never have our humanity, nor our Gamestop shares!     EDIT 2:  You guys are amazing and generous and I've had a few people ask about donations they can make in her honor, or whether they can buy me shares or send me money or profits off the stock.  Please don't send me money, thankfully, medical bills are not an issue as she had excellent insurance until the end.   I will be ok financially, as well even if im still making adjustments.  If you wanted to fund shares for me, buy them for yourself, because we're all in this together.  I love this stock and i want everyone to have some! However, if you want to give, I've been directing people to give to the American Cancer Society.  If that's cool, awesome.  If you have another cause and this made you want to give, give to them instead.  I very much appreciate the sentiments though.
I heard SLV was a solid value investment. Don't worry, I didn't close my GME for this.
Citadel & Robinhood have a long history of manipulating markets together
TLDR: Robinhood and Citadel work together to keep the bid-ask spread wide on option prices (so they both profit more when those options are traded). Their strategy for doing this created (creates? Hard for me to tell if it still works since they've restricted my account so much) arbitrage opportunities on long-dated, OTM options on high-volume assets like SPY where you could buy single contracts at one cent above the bid and sell at one cent below the ask for instant profit.  They employ a variety of illegal tactics to try and stop you from doing this. Here's my account for the past year, I'll let you guess when I discovered it:              Many of you are, very rightly, pissed off about Citadel getting Robinhood and other firms for restricting trading of GME and other stocks. Well, if you're interested in a little storytime (and possibly a way to say fuck you to Robinhood & Citadel), or just a break from strictly GME-related stuff, keep on reading.  Note: what follows is not intended to defame, simply my observations of behavior by Robinhood and my theory on why this behavior is happening.  Robinhood and Citadel have been fixing options prices together for at least a year (likely much longer). This morning I submitted a long-overdue complaint to FINRA (I reported to the SEC months ago with no response). The summary of my complaint is below.  The core of this behavior is the fact that Robinhood will, for certain stocks and ranges of options, fill orders at arbitrage-producing prices. These must be orders for single contracts, on high-volume assets like $SPY, and for options with wide bid-ask spreads. For example, $SPY 12/17/21 Calls >$400 have often fallen in this range. If you place orders for single options only, Robinhood would fill buy orders at a cent above the bid price and sell orders at a cent below the ask price, yielding an immediate profit. I describe why I think they do this in my complaint below.  If you've been paying close attention, a number of wsb users have discovered this behavior, and a few posted about it:     (Other posts were made and later deleted. Search reddit for "390 trades" and you'll find people talking about this).  Robinhood obviously doesn't like you doing this, limits trade execution on your account, makes the order fills less profitable for your account, and eventually shuts your account down for a quarter. However, on accounts that don't yet have a pattern of placing many small trades, you can turn quite a profit before they catch onto you.  Because I'm not a financial advisor, I am NOT advising you to try this yourself to see if Robinhood will still let you fuck them over a bit.     My FINRA complaint:  I have substantial reason to believe that Robinhood Securities LLC has orchestrated a large-scale fixing of option prices, possibly in conjunction with the third party market makers they sell order flow to, namely Citadel Securities (virtually all trades discussed below were routed to Citadel). This behavior has consistently occurred for a minimum of 9 months.  In April 2020 I noticed that orders for single options contracts, particularly on options with wide bid-ask spread, would frequently be filled on Robinhood at unusual prices: for buy orders, a single contract limit order set at one cent above the current bid would be filled, or sold at one cent below the ask price. This unusual for a number of reasons: a) this resulted in an abundance of arbitrage opportunities, allowing contracts to be bought then sold for immediate profit despite no change in the underlying asset, b) these odd fill prices only existed on Robinhood, no other broker, and c) only orders for single contracts would fill; 2 1-contract orders would fill at the bid price but a single 2-contract order would only fill at a more reasonable price, closer to the mark.  For a number of reasons I believe this to be the effect of a price-manipulation strategy by Robinhood (and possibly Citadel), which clearly crossed the line to illegallity. To begin with, their motive is clear: Robinhood is paid by market makers for options trades relative to the width of the bid/ask spread of the traded options. As such, they have a vested interest in keeping the spreads of options wide. This strategy of clearing small spread-reducing orders helps protect that income stream. This strategy is in violation of financial regulations, because filling single-contract orders for better prices than larger orders means Robinhood is not providing the best price available for a given option order.  Moreover, the actions they took to protect this strategy when I began exploiting its' shortcoming (the fact that it created small arbitrages for single-contract orders) were more explicitily illegal. After I showed a pattern of placing these single-contract orders, Robinhood massively reduced order execution speed for my account. Additionally, they began filling those single-contract orders at worse prices, for my account (and accounts of other traders with similar trading patterns) specifically. This was verified by having a new Robinhood user place the same orders as I did simultaneously, with the newer user consistently getting quicker fills at better prices. Eventually, Robinhood started blocking orders from my account unless I set the limit price to be above the current ask (for buy orders) or below the current bid (for sell orders), giving an error message if the limit price was any lower, holding my assets hostage unless I accepted a worse-than-market-price for them.  Finally, Robinhood resorts to citing a CBOE rule designating those placing more than 390 trades per day as professional traders as grounds for locking users with these trading patterns from opening new options positions for a quarter. Their citation of this rule here is questionable, as it only applies to trades routed to CBOE, and they do not route orders to an exchange. Moreover, CBOE agents confirmed that if they were properly enforcing this rule they would have to designate us as professional traders for crossing this threshold, which would mean position-closing orders would also not be allowed, so at a minimum Robinhood is either falsely citing this rule or not properly enforcing it.  When confronted about this activity Robinhood deflects and eventually stops responding to inquiries.  After much resistance I obtained a copy of my routing information from Robinhood (which they are required to disclose), which confirmed that 99% of such trades were routed to Citadel.  Several Robinhood users have experienced similar behavior.     Edit:  Throw me a retweet/like on twitter if you're feeling generous. I'm trying to increase visibility and don't have a following there:
Is this even legal??? Not my account I saw this on Twitter.
I just bought $5,000 in $GME. I would not have done this if the brokerages didn't try to manipulate the market.
I've been following /r/wallstreetbets for years. Usually just for a laugh as I am a stodgy buy and hold guy and don't speculate often. When I saw the $GME shit happening a week ago I thought it was pure stupidity and was not planning on investing. In fact, I bought some $GME puts (which I've since sold since somehow they've gone up based on volatility) betting against the crowd here.  However, what has started as a decentralized short squeeze has morphed into a class movement. I'm a big populist and think we need big changes in this country, especially a transfer of wealth and power from the elites to the people. When this morphed into a class movement I became obsessed. However, I still wasn't going to buy in because I shy away from speculating on ultra risky stuff like this. But when Robinhood and all the other major brokerages colluded to cause a massive sell off, that's when it became a matter of principle. I've watched all day as the stock has remained relatively stable on very little volume. People are holding despite wall street twisting your arm and trying to make you tap out by only allowing you to sell. It's a beautiful thing to see. I don't think of my purchase as an investment, but as putting my own skin in the game as a fuck you against a rigged system.
We are getting a lot of media attention guys keep it going.
Unsafe at any speed = GME
Everyone here knows the story from Fight Club and ol grand pappy Nader. Chevrolet had a product that should have never been made; highly defective, and literally explosive. The 60's Finance bros (wall street was boring back then) checked the math and realized that actually fixing the cars was more expensive than the lawsuits. So what did they do? Well they do what finance fucks do - and literally let people burn because it was more cost effective.  Fast forward 50 years and the same finance bros are doing the same calculations. What's the biggest SEC fine ever? $13B for JPMorgan back in the halcyon (that means 'good' for the smoothies) days of 2013. Shorts have taken a $70B loss as of yesterday - AND THE SQUEEZE HASN'T SQUOZE. Simple fucking math. What's the worst the SEC will do? $100B fine? (hahaha. Well maybe with Mama Warren out there) That's a fucking pittance vs the massive retail comeuppance that was coming for these bros.  THIS should be Wall Street's unsafe at any speed moment. Shorting a stock >100% is unsafe at any speed. BEING A MARKET MAKER AND A HEDGE FUND IS UNSAFE AT ANY SPEED. Brokers who are not independent is unsafe at any speed.  But the truth is - an informed population is actually what the WS elites think is unsafe at any speed. So they say that we can't be trusted. That we have to be protected from volatility. That we can't be trusted to make the right decisions with our money.   We are pulling the curtain back and showing how naked the emperor is. And they're banking that the fine for public nudity will be cheaper than getting rammed up the ass by their own creations.  Let's make it hurt for them.
Give them nothing, but take from them everything
MICHIGAN- Robinhood/TD Ameritrade Class Action Lawsuit Signup
GME I will hold all my shares forever. Citadel reloaded. PROUD RETARD.
Its OUR Time!
Apparently the “dough” app allows purchasing again
Enjoy!  Edit: also stash and webull apparently.
Elon's spittin' FACTS alongside meme master general
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, January 29, 2021
Your daily trading discussion thread. Please keep the shitposting to a minimum.                                                        DD         Discussion         YOLO         Gain         Loss             Read the   and make sure other people follow them.    Try  , also accessible through the top bar.
strap in boys, they're coming
I’m not fucking selling
Apex Clearing anyone?
Fenyx Rising, A New God.
Rh still not available... but WB yes and it's almost half of 52wk high! I dunno I just like the stock!
You think any of this could be plausible?
GME YOLO update — Jan 28 2021
The Future of Gamestop
So when this is all said and done Gamestop might be the largest company on the planet. What do you think they should do with all the new found Capital? Tim Pool suggested an idea which I think sounded awesome. I sure hope they do this.  Gamestop should re  all their stores and host game tournaments. E Sports style. You can pay a membership fee to join and come whenever you want to play games. They can sell merchandise still in the store and impulse buys. Board game and DND nights would be cool too.  Combine that with an online presence like a Steam competitor and they could actually have a reason to justify a share price of $500 post squeeze.
Robinhood are closing positions without consent and at extremely undervalued prices, this is an outright violation of our rights
$BB rated a strong buy at @Entrepreneur even with a 300% gain.
Digging into the Robinhood TOS and how they might get away with it.
Disclaimer: I am not a Robinhood Employee, Hedgefund manager or anything less, so don't hate me.   I actually actively trade on ThinkorSwim now and I prefer over Robinhood. After Today's event's I looked over the TOS in Robinhood I don't think a class action isn't going to go anywhere.        I understand that My Account is self-directed, and so that I am solely responsible for any and all orders placed in My Account and that all orders entered by Me or on My behalf are unsolicited and based on My own investment decisions or the investment decision of My duly authorized representative or agent. Accordingly, I agree that neither Robinhood nor any of its employees, agents, principals, or representatives:       Robinhood will and probably claim that people are not making educated investments, but rather just following the group of people into the meme stocks, which a part of their argument for blocking buys today along with the fact that their clearing house firm couldn't process the buy requests anymore.         I appoint Robinhood Financial as My agent for the purpose of carrying out My directions to Robinhood Financial in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any attendant risks with respect to the purchase or sale of securities. Robinhood Financial is authorized to open or close My Account(s), place and withdraw orders and take such other steps as are reasonable to carry out My directions. All transactions will be effected only on My order or the order of My authorized delegate, except as described in Section 10       10. Oral Authorization. I agree that Robinhood shall be entitled to act upon any oral instructions given by Me so long as Robinhood reasonably believes such instruction was actually given by Me or My authorized agent>      So In this section above, I read this as the fact that Robinhood does have the right to make "reasonable" withdraw orders. Again, I am not a lawyer so someone smarter at legal stuff will have to figure this out for me.      I really don't understand the legal aspect of this, but we might not win the lawyer fight of it.            Here is a link to the Terms of Service to do more digging. Also           Sec Complaint Form               Find Your Reps           Find Your Senators     TLDR, If you actually read the Robinhood TOS you are a fucking nerd.
Doing my part
GME Megathread Pt. II - 1/28/2021
This is the continuation of this thread:
So I was made aware today that I was mentioned in The New York Times. Pretty fucking cool. NOT SELLING
Remember: SHORT STOCK DO NOT HAVE AN EXPIRATION DATE! UPVOTE FOR VISIBILITY!
All credit goes to u/OurLordofWar for the text below, been seeing his comments in multiple threads and we need to get this out there:  SHORT STOCK DOESN'T HAVE AN EXPIRATION DATE  Hedgefund whales are spreading disinfo saying Friday is make-or-break for $GME. Call options expiring ITM on Friday will drive the price up if levels are maintained, but may not trigger the short squeeze.  It may be Friday, but it could be next week the we see the real squeeze.  DON'T PANIC IF THE SQUEEZE DOESN'T HAPPEN FRIDAY.  It's not guaranteed to. The only thing that is guaranteed mathematically is that the shorts will have to cover at some point in the future. They are trying to get enough people hooked on the false expectation of Friday so that if/when it doesn't happen, enough will sell out of panic/despair. DON'T BE THAT PERSON.  WE LIKE THE STOCK  KEEP HOLDING UNTIL THEY FEEL THE PAIN, WHETHER THAT'S FRIDAY OR NEXT WEEK  5,000+  🏻   .　　　　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　   　 　　　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　　　　　　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　 　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　　　　　　　 　 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ 　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　,　　   　  .　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　ﾟ　  　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　☀️　　.  ,　　　　　　　.　　　　　　    　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　  　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　    　      　　　　　        　　　  　　　　　　　　　　. 　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　   　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　    ✦ 　   　　　,　　　　　　　　　　　      　　　　 　　,　　　 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　 　　 　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　           　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　˚　　　 　   　　　　,　　　　　　　　　　　       　    　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　  　　    　　　　　 　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　  　　   　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　　　　         　        　　　　 　　 　　　　　　　 　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　    　　. 　 　　　　　.　　　　   　　　　　   　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　   　  ˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　ﾟ　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　 　 🌎 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ,　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　  .　　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　   　 　　　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　　　　　　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.
ONE OF US
NOK DOUBLE DOWN     NOK NOK? WHOS THERE? WSB FOR THE FUCKING TENDIES - Earnings on 4th! If my calls i sold get called away tmrw I’M doubling the fuck down! LFG ! I also bought 70 more in my IRA(disclosure i am not a financial advisor I’m just a retard)!
Who stopped the losses for the millions who lost their jobs and homes during the 2007 GFC or 2020 Covid-19 pandemic? You don't get to just shut off the market just because you are on the wrong side of a trade.
The only way out for $GME is up - bull theory on tomorrow's squeeze (DD)
I know this is long and none of you can read, but bear with me.  As most of you know, stocks can only go down to zero. So the profit for shorts is limited down to zero, and the loss for longs is limited to zero. When stocks go up, the profit for longs is limitless and the loss for shorts is also limitless, theoretically of course. So imagine being short, stuck in a massively losing position where if you push the price down, zero is the best payoff. Ironically this was the bet Melvin made before he got steamrolled by the internet.  But what about if you could go long? The sky is the limit and could theoretically cover more of your losses than trying to go back to zero. $GME closed at $193 today, so if they're still in the hole, all they can try is pushing it to zero and dig the hole deeper which seems like a dumb plan. So this is what I think they're going to do.  Yesterday, the CEO of the Nasdaq suggested a halt to trading to let institutions "recalibrate" their positions:  >Nasdaq CEO Adena Friedman suggested Wednesday that her exchange could halt trading activity for stocks, in the event they were targeted by internet users, to enable the exchange to investigate possible manipulation and allow investors to “recalibrate.”  >   What if a halt wasn't possible, but they needed a way to kill the momentum of retail buyers and allow $GME to fall? The best solution would be to cut off retail from purchasing/bidding up the price. That's all you need to do. Only let them sell or hold, which would contribute no pricing pressure at all or only downward pressure. This would allow hedge funds price control over $GME so they could move it lower with ladder attacks without having to worry about or battle with retail pushing against them. If anything retail would panic and sell. And thus today we saw a massive attack which brought $GME down over $350.    short covering has obviously taken place. Some Korean firm I think sold a few million shares they were long. It's a small dent but not enough to fix the problem. And the short volume is up markedly, while the short interest is still over 50 million shares. I've seen higher SI figures and I don't know how Ortex computes this, whether it includes naked shorts or not. But here's the updated graph:     So you can see they've covered some bets, probably the biggest losers shorting from like $30 or something. But they seem to have reloaded, as others here and on twitter have reported.   The short volume is up massively and days to cover is at its lower point ever.    I've read that shorts have to return 30 million shares tomorrow. I have no idea if this is true, but if it is, it means the game is coming to an end and they need to close their position by buying which they will have to do eventually. So the final step after pushing $GME into the dirt and doing some short covering, is to setup positions to go long. $GME hit a low of $112 today. The best way for shorts out is to go long and to do so through derivatives, specifically cheap calls. As most of you know, the further out of the money a call is, the cheaper it is. Now I don't know what the $570 strike expiring tomorrow was trading at when $GME hit $112 (I just wish I had bought some). But it's currently less than $1k and was much cheaper earlier. And more importantly, over 12,000 of these were bought TODAY. Normally I'd attribute these 0DTE cheap moonshots to the retar, erm, traders here. But considering most of you can't buy right now, and that Robinhood has never allowed 0DTE options purchases, I have to think this was institutional buying:     Some people have mentioned holding through the weekend as calls would expire ITM. Wouldn't they want to avoid that by getting the squeeze done and over with so they expire OTM? Just a thought.  If I'm right, and the shorts have loaded up on 0DTE moonshot calls and are ready to stop playing games and exit, they will let this thing finally fly now that they can make a ton of money on the upside through calls.  The ride up will be swift and so will the ride back down. The best way for them to play this is to position themselves with calls at the bottom (today), then start the unloading of their short positions through buying and let it ride as high as they can to cover however deep they are. And once that ends, they will cash in the calls, which will cause MMs to sell off their delta-hedged shares behind those calls, shorts will stop buying any more shares, and probably short the price back down because they're greedy fucks. All of this would send the price plummeting right after a top. Fortunately we have circuit breakers now which I don't think existed back when VW went to the moon. Look at a chart of the VW Squeeze:     See how the stock fell beforehand...probably to let shorts reposition themselves for the inevitable. Is that happening today? Maybe. The point is it's very violent up and then back down. The squeeze on VW all happened in one day, perhaps over hours or less. So you have to be ready.  How high does it go? I would expect anything above $500 is risky (but I dream of $1k+ like the rest of you). Whether they load up on $50 calls or $500 calls both will go up along with the price. You never know where the top is so have a game plan. The top is wherever they need it to be to get right with God (the banks backing them). So be ready and realistic. If you can't watch charts, set a sell limit (I know, I know). But please don't diamond hands major profits to nothing by going through a squeeze and not selling because you're also a greedy fuck. I've been a member of this autistic playground long enough to watch diamond hands go to zero, repeatedly. I nearly went extinct as a gay bear myself for diamond-handing puts into the summer after the market crashed in March.  Positions and disclosures:    19 Feb 21 $400 Call x 2   19 Feb 21 $150 Call x 3   20 shares (lol)   -$100k or +$250k, we'll see what happens.  This is not financial advice and I'm no insider, just a   like the rest of you. Do not risk what you cannot afford to lose. Good luck. Hope to see you all on the moon, because after all the shit they've pulled with $GME, you deserve it.  Edit: I never said don't hold past $500. I think that could be the floor for when this kicks off. But I have no idea when it ends. I'm not trying to scare you to sell. I just don't want anyone here to baghold. It's always brutal to see and this is easily the biggest play WSB has rallied around.  Phone Edit 2:
TONTINE IS FRENCH FOR ROCKET SHIP - BILL SPAC(e)MAN
Condescening Language by Boomer Media continues "Attention Wall Street Bettors: The taxman is coming for your tendies."
Guideline Proposal: Ban Robinhood Screenshots
I would like to propose an ideal and see if we as a community would like to get behind it. It’s about Robinhood.   I have always been a huge proponent for Robinhood. Let’s face it, they changed the fucking game. They single handedly dismantled the belief that commissions should be attached with a fee that has been around since the beginning of the trading stocks. WSB as a community grew because of it. It allowed more idiots and retards to make the stupidest trades, some making tens of thousands and some losing tens of thousands. Some of our best moments here at WSB were because of RH(see   so I stopped really using RH except for when I wanted to trade risky options. RH has its place in my heart and I think you guys can feel that as well.   But today was an absolute abomination. An absolute disgrace to the retail traders and borderline illegal. They went against everything they made us believe. They deserve nothing but to go bankrupt or see their day in court.   What I am proposing is we BAN all Robinhood screenshots from the subreddit. Does not matter how big of a gain it is, or how juicy of loss porn it is, RH is officially beyond this subs tenets and has no place for being on the page. Like I said above, RH has a place in my heart but I am pulling my money and closing my account as quickly as I possibly can. There is no reason anymore to stay with RH, almost all brokerages offer commission free trading. Yeah you might not have access to trading Techcurrencycoins or a tech/pretty user interface with real-time quotes, but at least you know you are going to be with someone who won’t stab you in the fucking back.   BAN ROBINHOOD FROM WSB AND SEND THEM TO FUCKING COURT.
I want to audition for the movie coming up on this matter. I want to be part of exposing the big sharks in the market that can manipulate prices and profit off of us. This is point blank crime pulled on us. Cold.
I have never been so angry. Waking up to 80% losses and having to tell my dad that he was right because he always said that the billionaires feed off of the little guys and always manipulated us since the crash of 2008. My dad had warned me that if I didn’t have billions then there’s no need to play in the market.   Next things I want to see happen is all of these fuckers to go to jail and class action lawsuits to take place. So far we have AOC, Ted Cruz, Dave Portnoy, Elon Musk, Chamath, and many more. This won’t go unnoticed. ✊💪  I’m still holding GME, AMC, NOK. I will not lower myself to these fuckers. Holding even if it goes to zero. Diamond hands     I hope they open back up because they pissed off more people now. This just tripled the rocket boosters to the moon. Also these rockets are now powered by SpaceX and Elon is with us           u/DeepFuckingValue is down $15,000,000 and still HOLDING.   If you’re a pussy and want them to succeed more. Then fucking sell.   Be on the right side of history. ✅  edit: Movie title: Diamond Hands  ✊
A class action lawsuit is cheaper than having to actually cover their asses
I love that RH is gonna have to pay for their manipulation in some way, but I get the idea this is all part of their plan.  Today the shorts covered their asses in a big way.  Short interest is still extremely high, but it'll be a bit harder to force them to cover after the RH fiasco made people lose faith in the squeeze.  If RH and Citadel pull this shit off, they'll have staved off a short term catastrophe and will have YEARS to save up money to pay out some nominal fees once the legal battle ends.  Thoughts?
Daily Discussion Thread Part 5 for January 28, 2021
Your daily trading discussion thread. Please keep the shitposting to a minimum. We are rolling over threads more frequently to help with site stability.   Navigate WSB We recommend best daily DD   :- :-     DD         Discussion         YOLO         Gain         Loss               Read the       and make sure other people follow them.    Try  , also accessible through the top bar.
Cleavland cliffs investment hedge telling WSB hes gonna ruin us
How to get around the share limit Robinhood placed
Hello long time user of this subreddit. Happy to see it grow. This isn’t investment advice, just a legal legitimate way to grow a share position in GME despite the restrictions. 📈  Listen up, seriously you guys have zero attention span unless you post a couple      Robinhood has once again done its worst and limited trading. How stupid. I refuse to sell my position but want to grow it. Besides switching brokers, what can I do as I watch the stock rise without me?  The new limits are 5 shares and 10 contracts. Well the answer is simple. If those contracts are excersized, you will own 100 shares a contract. Now you’ve increased your position in shares.  Excersizing is something you lazy fucks probably never do. I’ll explain fat fucks. You are using money that would be going to shares anyway to purchase the stock at the price set by the option. Now we’ve gotten around their 5 share rule and increased your position by 100 shares. If the share price is $400 you will pay $40000 plus the cost of the premium/ purchase price of the option.   This requires capital so no 12 year olds, you can’t afford it. Hell they even restricted fractional shares. Scared ass pussies. For the whales, if you’re interested in making these guys pay for market manipulation, the stocks in float need to decrease. This does that.  This is for the big guys, execute the order and fuck the short. Pos: GME why in the fuck would I sell    Edit: Invest only based what you can afford to lose, not based on what you think you can gain
PSA: IF YOU WANT TO BUY MORE $GME, MIGRATE TO THE FOLLOWING BROKERAGES (FOR THICK BOIS AND CANNUCKS)
NOTE: THERE HAVE BEEN REPORTS OF RH SELLING PEOPLE'S POSITIONS THAT ARE ON MARGIN. IF YOU BOUGHT $GME WITH MARGIN ON RH, BE WARY. NOT FINANCIAL ADVICE.     I WILL KEEP THIS LIST UPDATED BY THE MINUTE ALMOST, SO PLEASE UPVOTE FOR VISIBILITY   ======================================   I'VE ADDED INFO FOR OUR WORLDWIDE FRIENDOS   ======================================  REPLY TO THIS THREAD WITH UPDATES, AS I'M CONSTANTLY (MAYBE TOO MUCH FOR MY OWN HEALTH) CHECKING. ======================================     FOR THE UNITED STATES  :    ~~E TRADE~~  (RIP THEY HALTED $GME TRADING)  WEBULL (PEOPLE REPORTING THAT THIS IS DEAD BUT, I HAVE HEARD REPORTS OF PEOPLE BUYING SMALL POSITIONS 1-10 SHARES BEFORE MARKET CLOSE 1/28. STILL ALIVE FOR THOSE LOOKING TO BUY UNDER WEBULL BUY LIMIT FOR $GME)  TRADESTATION  ALLY INVEST (PROCEED WITH CAUTION. REPORTED CONSTANT OUTAGES)  AJ BELL  FIDELITY  VANGUARD  SCHWAB  DOUGH  SOFI  CHASE  PUBLIC       FOR OUR CANADIANS  :    TD   (CA)  WEALTHSIMPLE  RBC DIRECT INVESTING  SCOTIA iTRADE  CIBC       FOR OUR UK/EUROPE RENOBS       FREETRADE PLUS  SCALABLE CAPITAL  HARGREAVES LANDSDOWNE  AJ BELL  IG  REVOLUT       FOR OUR SWEDES WHO FUCK      NORDNET  AVANZA  SAXOTRADERGO  SWEDBANKS      FOR OUR ESPANOL FRIJOLES     NINETYNINE    FOR OUR NEW ZEALANDERS     SHARESIES  ====================    WHAT I'M PERSONALLY DOING          I AM A COMPLETE REgARD, DO NOT LISTEN TO ME. BUT IF YOU ARE LOST AND WANT SOME GUIDANCE FROM SOMEBODY WHO'S GOOGLED A COUPLE TERMS IN HIS DEGENERACY OF A LIFE,   THEN LISTEN THE FUCK UP. NOT FINANCIAL ADVICE.    I HAVE $GME STOCK ON ROBINHOOD (BOUGHT WITH CASH, NOT MARGIN).   I AM NOT SELLING THIS POSITION.    I WANT TO BUY THE DIP, SO I MADE A TD AMERITRADE ACCOUNT.   MY ACCOUNT WAS ALREADY VERIFIED WITH MY IDENTITY AND SSN, WHATNOT.      TD AMERITRADE, IF YOUR ACCOUNT IS ALREADY VERIFIED, GIVES INSTANT FUNDING IF YOU DO AN ACH TRANSFER    I BOUGHT THE DIP TODAY (1/28/21) @ $200 PER $GME SHARE.          I ALSO BOUGHT THE $BB DIP TODAY (1/28/21) @ $15.             I AM A COMPLETE REgARD. BUT I HAVE NEVER BEEN SO CONFIDENT. IF I GO TITS UP, MY BALLS WILL NOT LEAVE THE POSITION THEY WERE ALREADY AT BECAUSE THE WEIGHT HAS THEM ALREADY TOUCHING THE FLOOR          ====================  SAY IT WITH ME.  FUCK ROBINHOOD   FUCK ROBINHOOD  FUCK ROBINHOOD      THEY CAN SLOW US DOWN BUT THEY CAN'T STOP US. IT'S OURS TO BUY. THE FREE MARKET IS THE TRUE ARBITER OF PRICE.              WE LIKE THE STOCK, NOTHING MORE, NOTHING LESS.             THIS IS A DISCUSSION THREAD, FEEL FREE TO SHARE INFORMATION WITH OTHERS REGARDING WHERE TO TRADE $GME IN A COMPLETELY UNORGANIZED, DECENTRALIZED FASHION        THE $BB DIP LOOKS PRETTY NICE RIGHT NOW, NOT FINANCIAL ADVICE THOUGH
LG leaving the smart phone market could be an opportunity for other phone makers previously left behind by the smartphone era
Economics of RH + IBKR re Mark Cubans post
Mark Cuban made a fair point... Or at least a serious question raised  I'm in New Zealand so I watch from great vast oceans-distance at the war going on right now and I applaud each of my fellow autists for their efforts. I've been educating a few close friends here that have come to me asking questions about this goings on, as I've been trading for 13 years now.   I'm on IBKRs, not RH as I can't get it outside of US, so there's my position on it before I go further.  In this event of HUGE market swings, what IS the realistic scenario if every single diamond hand cashed up for HUGE gains and rushed the withdrawals department for their dues?  Can these companies actually hold on with their heads above water in this case?  Yes funds "are held in client trust accounts" and "segregated"   But it's clear citadel run the show. So...... If they stop orders, isn't this a huge finger pointing towards their actual liquidity also?   Ok now some 🔥🔥🔥🔥        for measure.  Love you all x
All The Way
We must protect him at all cost. GME baby.
Putting 20 quid pre-market into GME after it's already risen 20% the last 24 hours
Degiro Removes Market Orders for GME & AMC
The New York Times described us as "perhaps propelled by a mix of greed and boredom." Really? As opposed the hedgefunds that shorted GME by 130%? Honestly, what does it say when hedgefunds have the power to even influence the NYT? (Direct link in comments)
Exclusive: AMC Entertainment Explores New Capital Raise Amid Stock Surge - Sources. FIGHT IS ON ALL FRONTS! HOLD TILL THE DEATH! AMC GME
James Corden is on our side
D Day is in 8 hours
WE EITHER FIGHT OR WE DIE. Everything is on the line. The future of retail trading is on the line. Our dreams of being lambo rich are on the line. We must win. We must never give up. We must hold. We must keep buying. We must fight until the end.  Over 76 years ago, Americans, brits, and a few filthy canadians stormed the beaches of Normandy while facing insurmountable odds and they won. In the same way we must storm the metaphorical beaches of wall street and crush this fucking squeeze. We have to win. The entire free investing world is counting on us.  Individually we are weak but together we are strong. As strong as the diamonds that make up our hands.  Good luck brothers
Call Option Sellers shouldn’t be able to sell the call without shares to back it up.
I feel like every single problem with “retail buying otm options” and “short squeeze lul” can be fixed by regulating how options are SOLD not bought(I don’t care about your yolo so long as the guy selling it to you can cover).   If MMs were required to have the physical shares before writing the call we wouldn’t have an issue of trying to find shares.. I feel like this is some second grade level thinking and the easiest way to move forward for everyone.   The worst case scenario I can imagine is options would be scarce so it would drop liquidity. Fortunately for you that means bid asks would tighten right the fuck up and IV would stick around a little longer.
"CITRON RESEARCH SAYS MAJOR ANNOUNCEMENT SET FOR FRIDAY 9:00AM" Looks like they will try to pull some nasty shit out again, be prepared and don't sell no matter what!
SEC Tip site is down! Keep at it you beautiful apes! $GME FTW!
WSB_GOD (Jaime) is back at CNN and Bloomberg, Upvote so mods see
Jaime who was once a mod but basically sold out this sub, tried to sell a fraudulent course etc. is back profiteering of its members.  Currently, he was on CNN:        And Bloomberg:        Since "modmail is temporarily down, sorry!" I don\`t know how to reach the mods except through this post.     Please deer gay mods if you read this do something about it.  I don\`t want this sub to be known as Jaimes sub.  Thank you for coming to my TED talk
Alexa, play that one song about u/deepfuckingvalue
If you had one shot   Or one opportunity   To seize everything you ever wanted   In one moment   Would you capture it   Or just let it slip      His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy   There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti   He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready   To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgettin'   What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud   He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out He's chokin', how, everybody's jokin' now   The clocks run out, times up, over, blaow   Snap back to reality, ope there goes gravity   Ope, there goes Reddit, he choked He's so mad, but he won't give up that easy?   No He won't have it, he knows his whole back's to these ropes   It don't matter, he's dope, he knows that, but he's broke   He's so stagnant, he knows, when he goes back to this mobile home, that's when it's   Back to the lab again, yo, this whole rhapsody   Better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him     You better lose yourself in the music, the moment   You own it, you better never let it go   You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow   This opportunity comes once in a lifetime     His soul's escaping, through this hole that is gaping   This world is mine for the taking Make me king, as we move toward a New World Order   A normal life is borin', but super stardom's close to post mortem   It only grows harder, only grows hotter He blows, it's all over, these hoes is all on him   Coast to coast shows, he's known as the Globetrotter Lonely roads,   God only knows, he's grown farther from home, he's no father   He goes home and barely knows his own daughter   But hold your nose 'cause here goes the cold water   These hoes don't want him no mo', he's cold product   They moved on to the next schmo who flows, he nose dove and sold nada   So the soap opera is told and unfolds, I suppose it's old partna,   but the beat goes on Da-da-dum, da-dum, da-da     You better lose yourself in the music, the moment   You own it, you better never let it go   You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow   This opportunity comes once in a lifetime     No more games, I'ma change what you call rage   Tear this motherfuckin' roof off like two dogs caged   I was playin' in the beginnin', the mood all changed   I been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage   But I kept rhymin' and stepped right in the next cypher   Best believe somebody's payin' the Pied Piper   All the pain inside  by the  Fact that I can't get by with my nine to   Five and I can't provide the right type of   Life for my family 'cause man, these goddamn food s  don't buy diapers   And its no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer   This is my life and these times are so hard   And it's getting even harder tryna feed and water my seed, plus   Teeter totter, caught up between bein' a father and a prima donna   Baby mama drama, screamin' on her, too much   For me to wanna stay in one spot, another day of monotony's   Gotten me to the point, I'm like a snail   I've got To formulate a plot or end up in jail or shot   Success is my only motherfuckin' option, failure's not   Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got to go,   I cannot grow old in Salem's Lot   So here I go, is my shot   Feet, fail me not, this may be the only opportunity that I got     You better lose yourself in the music, the moment   You own it, you better never let it go   You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow   This opportunity comes once in a lifetime     \-u/deepfuckingvalue (probably)     tl;dr You can do anything you set your mind to; this is not investment advice
AMC - Look at the option volume and the deep ITM calls set to execute TOMORROW!
GME could very well be the largest company in the world tomorrow.
Shorts are obligated to purchase some 60 million shares. There aren’t even that many in rotation so the HOLDers set the price. There is no price out of the question at this point as long as shares are held and there is NOTHING they can do about it.   $1,000,000 per share sounds good to me.                 IM NOT FUCKING SELLING  Shorts can sell all their coverage for all I care to lower the price. There is no fear, there is only room for one emotion. Fury! Eat the Rich.    Eat the Rich™️ is metaphorical , I don’t mean to incite violence against the rich.
Concerned about market manipulation? Submit a tip to the SEC!
GAMMA SQUEEZE CONFIRMED FOR THE MORNING
On Td ameritrade/restricted portal at the bottom after it labels all the stock that are gonna make us sweet fucking tendies once every jumps ship off their platforms it says this shit:       We may also implement additional restrictions on the opening of option trades that expire Friday, January 29th  What does this mean? This means they are scared to death of tomorrows gamma squeeze.  Hold strong. If your shitty ass broker isn't letting you buy GME you need to immediately put some NEW money somewhere that does and sort the problem out Monday. Tomorrow is the day we've been leading up to. Remember THE SQUEEZE has not happened yet! They are trying to get a discount so they can drag this out. TO INFINITE!  I ANAL! or FA  500c 29 JAN  14c BB JAN 2023  14C BLNK JAN 2022  30C PLTR 21 MAY      GAMMA FUCKING SQUEEZE
What are some shenanigans we can expect tomorrow?
People asked, so I made a post. Tomorrow at open and later on be prepared for some of the following shenanigans:       Banks and brokers going down out of service, placing restrictions again (don't panic, don't refresh, it's happened pretty much every day this week)   Reddit down from hug of death (don't panic, don't refresh, same thing as above)   MarketWatch and other sites going down (check this and others at     Orders not going through or going out wrong (double check they are sent out properly, close and reopen apps/websites if you have to)   FUD and other disinformation online, expect the unexpected. Remember, the more wild, the more effective it could be (ask yourself why big bad news will come out tomorrow of all days)   Big threats from the big boys (ask yourself why they would make big threats)   Massive halts, short ladders (look at the volume of the trades, there's usually a level 2 feed on youtube that's live most of the day -    And most of all, expect combinations of these at any given time.  And of course:      -->
Watch me remake $GME's logo in 5 seconds
Information for the newbies who want to join the fun
I've seen tons of questions in the daily thread asking about basic concepts such as market/limit orders, what brokerage should I use, or even how to purchase any shares. I thought I would make a post to help clear up a lot of these basic questions and to hopefully save the new degenerates some trouble.    So you want to buy meme stocks but you barely know what a stock is?       To start, you'll have to register an account at some brokerage and deposit money to buy shares. Popular brokerages on this sub include Robinhood, WeBull, Fidelity, TD Ameritrade, and many more. Do a little research to find a brokerage that works for you. As I'm sure you have heard, many brokerages have limited the ability to buy meme stocks, including Robinhood. As of now, though, Robinhood has opened trading back up for GME and other meme stocks, although they have limited the amount of shares you're able to purchase. After finding your brokerage, you'll have to deposit money from your bank into your brokerage account so you can buy shares. Most brokerages take 3-5 business days to process your bank transfer, so you will have to wait until your transfer goes through to purchase shares. This is one major upside of Robinhood. Robinhood gives their users up to $1,000 of instant access, which means you have up to $1,000 of purchasing power instantly while you wait for your transfer to go through. Just make sure you actually have the money in your bank account if you plan on taking advantage of this.       Now that you have money in your brokerage account, what do?       First of all, regular market hours are 9:30 AM to 4:00 PM ET Monday - Friday . I've seen many people trying to place orders at 10pm wondering why they're not going through; it's because the market isn't open. Many brokerages offer trading during extended hours, so it is possible to trade outside this window, but I wont get into that now.     I'm assuming the majority of the new people here want to get into one of the meme stocks as quickly as possible, and hey, more power to ya. But, you have to be careful when buying in to such a volatile market.  Because of this insane volatility, especially during market open, I would HEAVILY recommend against using a market order. A market order is a buy or sell order that executes at whatever the best available price in the market is currently. This sounds great, but with crazy volatility and low liquidity we are seeing on many of these stocks, the best available price for a stock may be much higher than the number listed on your screen. For example, I've heard rumors recently of GME sell orders executing at >$1,000 at market open today. Here's a screen shot of someone selling half a share for over $5,000:     Although this is probably very unlikely, you do not want to be in the guy buying these shares.     So instead of using a market order, I recommend using a limit order instead. A limit order sets a limit price at which your order can execute. That means that if there are currently shares being sold under your limit price, they will be purchased. If there aren't any shares being sold at or below that price, your order will remain active until it is filled or it expires.  So what should you set your limit price at?  There is no way to insure you will be getting a great price and that your order will fill.  I recommend waiting an hour or two after the market opens, seeing where the price settles at, and place your limit order based on that price. Buying at market open, especially with very volatile stocks, is a bad idea in general.     That should clear up a lot of questions regarding the basics of trading stocks. If you want to know what a short or gamma squeeze is and why everybody is buying GME, browse the sub for DD posts explaining the situation so you know what you're getting into before you buy. It should go without saying that these meme stocks are high volatile and a not a safe investment whatsoever, only put money in that you are ok with losing.     I am not a financial advisor, I JUST REALLY LIKE THESE STOCKS       MONKE STRONG TOGETHER 🐵🐵🐵     If you have any other questions PM or ask in the comments
Indians join the game on GME
LET THE FORCE BE WITH YOU. HOLDDD
YES DAVE!!! GET THEM SCUMBAGS
Question: Robinhood's TOS Section 13: Market Order Execution - 5% Skimming?
From Section 13 of the Robinhood TOS. Market Volatility; Market Orders; Limit Orders; and Queued Orders.     I understand that Robinhood Financial does not currently support sending traditional market buy orders and that Robinhood Financial collars all market buy orders (other than dollar-based buy orders executed during market hours) by   using limit orders priced up to 5% above the last trade price.   This is not the case for market sell orders. I further understand that when I send a market buy order through Robinhood Financial's trading system, the trading system generates a limit order up to 5% above the last trade price, and then Robinhood Financial sends the order to an executing broker.    So everyone does this mean that when we executed a market buy order on Robinhood, the executing broker and Robinhood can take up to 5%? Is this how they are lining their pockets?
I am not a financial advisor or a veteran
WE LOVE THE STOCK. But apparently that's causing markets to behave like weapons of mass destruction. Good thing we're on the moon.
Wall Street is Scared
Any hedge fund that has big shorts is scared of us now.  They know that if enough people have the power, then they lose their power. Don’t sell anything that was restricted, buy the dip.  Let us all degenerates come together and save companies that we love and save each other if possible.   People from Elon Musk, Chamath Palihapitya, Mark Cuban, to even Donald Trump Jr and Alexandria Ocascio-Cortez are sticking up for us and got our backs.   As Elon Musk tweeted, “buy and hold companies that make goods & produce services you love”   This mean even goods and services that you may not use but people that you know have used and love.   Since one person realized that Melvin Capital has a big short on $GME, lots of us decided to buy equity to calls and are rich. Investors have faith in Ryan Cohen on the board of directors.  GameStop now has enough money to sell some stock, pay off debt, and re-open their stores or restructure their company any way possible.   Let’s save America     $GME $AMC $BBBY $BB $NOK   (Yes, this is a repost. Mods, please don’t delete it, just trying to save America and the retail investors/traders.  If the mods delete this again, they’re no better than the degenerates at Robinhood or the autists at Citadel or Melvin Capital )  Got the Hugz Award the last time I posted this, so good looks to whoever gave that award.
NYT Front Page features sneak peek of Melvin Capital tomorrow
They Underestimated How Retarded We Are...
GME $50,000 Price Target
Just liquidated $188K worth of stonks AKA FRESH POWDER for the battle tomorrow
ROBINHOOD CHANGED THEIR RATING ONE THE APP STORE
So listen. Long night. Had to carry my 300 lb boss and throw him in my car to get his drunkass   to his wife egg him   lack of patience I'll keep this short. Robinhood or the app store is somehow deleting all their negative   was at a   when I looked earlier today and now it's a   They're literally deleting any negative reviews. If you thought everything else in the world wouldn't cause a revolution ho le   will. This level of corruption from upper management must be stopped. My fellow 99% we MUST NOT SELL I sold my car today to get into even more and drive that up tomorrow. Do not surrender. No matter what. This is a historic moment they will talk about for eternity. POWER TO THE PLAYERS.  This is not financial advice blah blah freedom of speech. Fuck you.
My sell limits tomorrow - HOLDING
ARE WE FUCKING DOGS? Robinhood only wants to give us table scraps. 🔥 BURN IT ALL DOWN! 🔥
UNPHASED IM NOT SELLING $AMC
Jon Stewart explaining how the housing crisis could have been solved without causing economic collapse & his discussion with Henry Paulson then treasury secretary in 2008 on the matter. Pure greed.
GME - the ideal scenario in my head
This might sound delusional and ungrounded but I eat crayon, so please hear me out. If we all hold steady and set our sell order at $5k, at some point these shorts will break and have to cover or go bankrupt trying. But these firms don’t have to go bankrupt and leave the shareholders hanging. They could go directly to GameStop and make a deal for new shares, which I hope GameStop will take advantage of the leverage they have at that point. Essentially, GameStop’s book will have to improve so much that the high share price will justify itself. I don’t know how much that price is, and I don’t know if this will happen, it’s just a thought. PS: not a financial advisor, this is not an advice for you to or not to invest. Please play responsibly and may gamestonk god be with you.
To all the GME non-holders: Don't think about it as an investment. You are buying yout place in history
I was in GME with 500 sh. @ 10$ from November to December. I sold at  $ thinking that was it. Bought back @ 25 and sold @ 35 thinking that was it. Bought back @ 120 and sold @ 200 thinking that was it.   I did my part in this battle... and left... but today made me realize that it's not even about getting them tendies anymore, it's about sending a fucking message.  The whole fucking planet is watching us guys, and they're rooting for us. Politicians, entrepreneurs, heck even rich white dudes wanna see us stick it to these fucking leech funds  And we're gonna give them fuckers hell.  Been on wsb for 3-4 years now. You guys helped me get to where i am and I honestly am grateful for that. Back then we were maybe like 150k retards. In the last 3 days, 3M new rwtards joined us. Shit is crazy.  We're now 5. Fucking. Millions.   This is surreal. This is not a meme anymore. History is actually in the making right now and this is the kind of shit the next generations will talk about.   This is a revolution and never has it been so easy to take part in one.  To all the fucking smoothbrained and to all the highly vaccinated individuals still not sure about getting your dick wet with some GME shares, ask yourself this: what's the price you are ready to pay in order to write history?  Don't even think about "what if i lose it all", because 1) It won't happen this shit is going to Pluto 2) Shut up gayboy 3) You are not investing, you are buying a spot for your name in history books   EDIT: maybe it wasn't clear, but i am obviously buying ONVE AGAIN tomorrow at open. FUCK YOU TO THE INSTITUTION  EDIT 2: obviously just  buy what feels right with you. Just enough to be proud to tell people later on that you were on the battlefield when hell broke lose. Just enough that even if it goes south you won't sell, because that's what matters.  It's better having 5M retards  🙏ing 1 share each than 5 retards paper handing 1M shares each. Together. Apes. Stronger.
Top buyers, we're coming for you.
Robinhood & small broker trading didn't make the volatility rise
Senate, please take note that there was no Robinhood buying today and the Hedge funds managed to make GME continue to be the most volatile stock on the market with their shenanigans. Their actions have been predatory for far too long and when they locked Robinhood traders & traders using other smaller brokers out claiming protection for Retail investors the volatility only got worse!! Hedge funds and shorts were able to drive the price down to $120 by locking out willing buyers. Buyers who submitted hundreds of thousands of tickets to Robinhood and other brokers explaining "WE LIKE THE STOCK". The evidence is straight forward, even with the blockade conducted GME rose in CNBC's words "naturally" to $300+ with NO Robinhood buyers.   Brokers and clearing companies are going to point fingers. 👉 Be on the right side of history, everyone is going to be watching you. Hold all of the CEOs of these scummy hedge funds and brokerages accountable, they deserve to face criminal jail time for their actions - away from their mansions and yatchs. They were all complicit in forcing the price down and manipulating the market price of not just GME, but many shorted companies and even some with less than 15% short interest (BB). They knowing took these actions because they don't believe the Senate and Law makers are going to do anything. Prove them wrong.
Is this Melvin?
Is this Melvin’s next move?  What I’m about to say is completely retarded and probably wrong, but hear me out!  Could this dog-related-kripto (misspelled to avoid auto-mod)run-up be Melvin and the gang trying to divert money-hungry new investors?  Think about it. All this new attention has got people locked on to stocks. If kripto blows up, surely there will be some investors who choose that instead of GME. Some may even cash out their GME to go buy some   Idk.. all I know is that I’m still holding  Edit  I am NOT trying to promote the above mentioned investment vehicle
No one will forget January 29th, 2021. On this I swear. Witness the reckoning.
His stupid face says it all (CEO of RobbingYourHood)
The Next Black Swan: REEEEEEEtail Crushes Funds and Causes a Market Selloff
I will present some facts. These facts are all kind of similar, and arguably all say the same thing in different words. This is a good thing, because your smooth ass brain needs all the help it can get. You should read all of this, unless you can't read, in which case just  ALL IN GME  .  After, I will present the logical conclusion, and what you can do about it.     Fact #1: Hedge funds are getting REEEEEEEEEEamed by the rotation into memes    See:    Lots of big funds are 'long-short'; they'll look at all of the stocks in a sector, like say retail or real estate, and rank them from best to worst. They'll go long the best one, and go short the worst one. You can probably already see where this is going: the 'worst ones' have gotten way too shorted and way too beaten up, and now they're being squeezed.   Oh, and the 'best stocks' haven't done much since August. That means the gains don't come close to cancelling out the losses. And god help the funds who are short-only; they are getting absolutely ass-blasted, and you know they're not enjoying it cause if they did they'd be hanging out here posting fat loss porn with us.    Fact #2: Shorts getting destroyed causes deleveraging and selling elsewhere in the market    See:   and    If there's one thing we know here at WSB, it's that you're a toilet paper handed bitch if you're not levered to the tits at all times. The biggest funds know this too, and being the biggest funds, they have access to way more leverage than you and I do. This is a bit of a problem for shorts though: shorts need liquid capital to _close_ their positions. If you've ever been in a situation where you sold a covered call or spread and got money for it and then immediately used that money to buy another call or something, but then you wanted to buy your spread or your covered call back, but couldn't close it because you just spent the money on something   you know what is going on at these hedge funds. They collected a bunch of money a long time ago when they shorted the stonk, and then immediately spent all that money to juice their returns, and now they need to have a fire sale just to have enough liquid capital to buy back their shit at a massive premium.  If you imagine the case of your typical long-short fund, that means they're being forced to sell their 'best' stocks. If you imagine a short fund, that means they're asking for bailouts and you're probably gonna find some of them behind Wendy's next week.    Fact #3: The extreme volatility and volume in some stocks is causing a minor liquidity crisis.     see:    Let's say you're broke but want to YOLO on GME, so you need to raise some money. You go to a pawn shop and pawn them your graphics card for $1000, because they know they can go sell that fancy RTX3090 super duper titanium RGB hentai edition for more than $1000 on ebay if they need to.   Well, the next day, imagine people start speculating on graphics cards, and the prices go crazy: some start selling for 10$ and some start selling for $5,000 and every price in between. If you try to pawn that graphics card tomorrow, the pawn shop is gonna look at it and say "hell no, we have no idea how much we can sell that for, we're not gonna take that risk."  This is basically what's happening with loads of stocks right now. Ordinarily it's not a big deal; everyone knows how much a stock is worth right now, and it's extremely extremely likely it will be worth about the same price (+/- a few percent with 99% probability) tomorrow and the day after and the day after. So they're happy to take it as collateral. But right now, some stocks are going up and down by 100%+ within minutes. A stock could literally go from hundreds of dollars to next to worthless within a day or two. So nobody is gonna take that as collateral. If you own that, for all intents and purposes, you have zero dollars.  If you want to use your positions as leverage, or if you were ALREADY using your positions as leverage, this is a huge problem. You need to find some different source of collateral. If you can't, you need to sell shit so that you have good 'ole USD. It's not just hedge funds that are feeling squeezed: it's the clearing firms and banks and...basically anyone that uses stonks as collateral for any purpose.   By the way, this is what caused most of the selling back in March last year; folks needed to raise money RIGHT NOW, which meant selling all their shit RIGHT NOW, which meant stonks went down, which caused a cascade of margin calls and liquidations for folks that were levered to the tits.    Fact #4: Indices are at all-time-highs, every sentiment indicator is at MAXIMUM EUPHORIA, but volatility is rising    See: any fucking chart  As one of the greatest autists of our time once said, "be fearful when others are greedy."   Everyone and their mother is levered to the tits; why wouldn't you be, the fed is handing out free loans to anyone with a pulse! That's great cause it makes stonks go up really fast, but if stonks start going down, they're also gonna go down really fucking fast too. Any selling will get further  by option gamma, the same forces that are propelling Gamestop in every direction simultaneously, and the same forces that propelled the markets upwards (particularly the big tech stonks) after the march crash.  _________________________  Conclusion: We are set up perfectly for a deep, violent correction.  If you're a hibernating    , starving for some    porn, I have just the thing for you: this could turn into a full-on market crash if it really, really gets going.  The more volatile the memes get, the more volatile the market is going to get. The more volatile the market gets, the more selling has to happen. The more selling, the more volatility, and boy does this escalate quickly (For those of you budding autists and retards that were literally born yesterday, just know that this feedback loop has happened many times before, like this time almost a year ago).  HOWEVER, I would also like to note that this is 1000% divorced from the actual economy. Any dip will be violent and short-lived. Do not panic and BTFD, you smelly bundle of sticks. There's a lot of dry powder on the sidelines that missed the dip in march and are still pissed about it (such as yours truly, who was too busy being a   ), and they would LOVE a chance to buy back into the market at a low-ish price.  My recommendation: Do NOT be levered to the tits right now. Maybe toss a few dollars into way OTM spy puts a few weeks out, or longer, as a hedge against your long positions. Do NOT go all-in poots, cause stonks only go up and wall street is actively working on ways to defuse this bomb.   But be ready for stonks to go down VERY quickly for a little while. It can happen, and if it does, it's gonna get ugly.  My positions: ALL-IN GME, except for a bunch of March spy puts I'm gonna buy tomorrow cause I'm a gambling degenerate.  NOT FINANCIAL ADVICE.
Taking a dip on the way to the moon
Colbert has our back too
PLEASE WATCH OUT FOR MARKET MANIPULATION BY THE WALL STREET HEDGE FUND PIGS. They will do everything in their power
Tomorrow at open and later on be prepared for some of the following shenanigans:  •	⁠Banks and brokers going down out of service, placing restrictions again (DONT PANIC )  •	⁠Reddit down from hug of death (DONT PANIC)  •	⁠MarketWatch and other sites going down (check this and others at    •	⁠Orders not going through or going out wrong (double check they are sent out properly)  •	⁠FUD and other disinformation online, expect the unexpected. Remember, the more wild, the more  effective it could be (ask yourself why big bad news will come out tomorrow of all days)  •	⁠Big threats (ask yourself why they would make big threats)  •	⁠Massive halts, short ladders (look at the volume of the trades, there's usually a level 2 feed on youtube that's live most of the day if you search for it)  And most of all, expect combinations of these at any given time.             $GME      BUY AND HOLD GAMESTOP FOR THE SHORT SQUEEZE, BROTHERS AND SISTERS ❤️  Update: Citron Research will make a BULLSHIT ANNOUNCEMENT tomorrow at 9:00am EST in an attempt to fuck over r/wallstreetbets and the rest of the Retail investing community. Please be aware and spread the word. Citron Research is known to publish Bogus and outlandish articles to try and short a stock.  FUCK ANDREW LEFT.  FUCK CITRON.
Interactive Visualization of the Volatility Smile for NOK Options Chains
Hi, I'm back. You may remember me from such events as gambling away 7 million dollars.
Hey retards, I missed you all. Glad to be back online after my year long hiatus. I've been to rehab, I've lost custody of my kids, lost my house. However I still found a way to play. I've been shoulder to shoulder with all of you through this mess. I've been hammering way OTM weekly calls in volume. This is the most fun I've ever had.  Through the madness of this past week of trading I've managed to claw my way back from oblivion. $GME has done a couple 10 baggers for me this week alone. I love you all and I'm happy to see you all again. So many new faces. I'm proud of each and every one of you.  I'm currently holding about $50,000 in calls on $SLV    $15,000 in OTM weeklies on $GME.  Rookie numbers I know, but I just got my legs back. I'll be running again in no time.  LETS FUCKING GO! GAMMA SQUEEZE UNTIL THEY BEG FOR MERCY!  EDIT: Thank you for the outpouring of love and support, It is actually giving me goosebumps reading through the comments. I feel like I just came home.  I'm going to bed but I'll try to keep up and respond to everyone. God speed and have a BEAUTIFUL FUCKING FRIDAY!     Closing thoughts: My calls on $SLV (Ishares silver trust) are going to be the biggest fuck you to the entire banking sector when Precious metals squeeze and bring down fucking JPM and all the fucking twats who are trying to hide inflation behind the curtains while they raid your fucking pockets. FUCK THOSE FAT CAT MOTHER FUCKERS
GME gain and loss porn all in one day
WSB_GOD (Jaime) is back at CNN and Bloomberg
How the fuck can we stop this shit. He isn\`t an accurate representation of this sub. Fuck this motherfucker still profiteering of us.  Jaime did nothing for this sub besides selling out and try to rip us off. What the fuck. Shkreli would have been a better representation for this than him
Why it is in Robinhood's best interest to lower the price of GME
So I will simplify a bit on how a typical stock transaction works:    You have a platform you trade on (Robinhood, Webull, TD Ameritrade, etc)   You have a buyer and a seller   You have a clearing house in the middle guaranteeing trades  So let's start with explaining what a clearing house is:  >In order to make certain that transactions run smoothly, clearing corporations become the buyer to every seller and the seller to every buyer. In other words, they take the offsetting position with a client in every transaction. For example, if two investors agree to the terms of a financial transaction, such as the purchase or sale of a corporate security, a clearing corporation will act as a middle man, facilitating the purchase on one end and the sale on the other end of the transaction.     Basically a clearing house just ensures that if person A sold stock to party B, party A is able to get the funds right away instead of waiting for the settlement period. The clearing house provides this service for a fee to the platform, so that party A can get the funds right away, while the clearing house will get theirs 2 days later from party B.  &nbsp;  Now let's bring up Melvin Capital into a scenario as an example    Melvin Capital makes a highly leveraged trade by shorting over 100% in GME   GME becomes viral and everybody opens a long position on GME rallying their stock price over 2000%   Melvin Capital is in big trouble because they are highly leveraged and the trade is going against them and is at risk of defaulting   Clearing house is in big trouble because, while they require some collateral to be pledged by its market participant, it is a small percentage, and if Melvin defaults, they are also in big danger because they cannot settle the funds for the other party  Smaller platforms often use a third party clearing house, such as    But guess who Robinhood's clearing firm is?   ROBINHOOD THEMSELVES      Are you getting the picture here? If Melvin Capital is at risk of bankruptcy and defaults on the payments owed, Robinhood is also majorly f'ed because they are in the hook for settling the users. So one could argue that it is in their best interest to lower the price of GME so that Melvin Capital can get bailed out, so that they themselves are not at risk of the default exposure.  &nbsp;  Just something to think about here, and why there needs to be further investigation into today's action by Robinhood to only let users close their positions (sell) on stocks like GME, effectively crashing the price down.    TL;DR Robinhood is a clearing broker, so they are directly affected if Melvin Capital and other big hedge fund shorters default
Don't rule out Vanguard when you close RH
I moved from RH back in 2019 when they cost me a couple hundred bucks through some nebulous option fuckery and made me cranky. Buddy of mine told me to use a grown up broker, and Vanguard held my 401(k) already, so I rolled everything over there. Super easy to do, and didn't cost me too many trading days, though I'd be scared as hell waiting on a transfer right now.   Anyway, this morning I was the "proud" owner of a 1/29 320c GME call that seemingly couldn't be sold through their website or app. I decided, what the hell, I'll call them and sit on hold all morning. Nope - some nice autist was on the line and helping me place a sell order over the phone like I was Gordon Gecko or some shit. The following is how it went down.  "I need to sell to close this 1/29 GME call, man."  "You mean these calls that you're short?"  <Fuck! He's looking at the $90 and the $115 I sold, shit's embarrassing>  "Nah, I know those are screwed, and I've got the shares for those, I just need to sell this $320. I can't even see the bid/ask spreads anywhere - how bad is it?"  <I paid $8500>  "Looking good, bid is $ , ask is $ , what'd you wanna put for the order?"  <It's 9:55am and GME is at $440/share>  "Hell yes, gimme $ , and I'll be thrilled to get out"  <Confirms order, puts me on hold for a minute>  "Spread moved up too fast, sell order was too far away and wasn't accepted - it's now at $  and $ "  <GME now at $460/share>  "Get me the  , just get it sold!"  "Alright sir, call was sold to close. Anything else I can do for you today?"  "Try to have a nice day - looks like y'all are gonna be busy. And thank you so much"    I then spent the $14,500 on GME shares as it crashed down because Vanguard let me buy whatever I wanted all day.        TL,DR: Vanguard came through like absolute Chads for me this morning and allowed me to get out of an option position that I wasn't comfortable with due to all the fear going around. I was then able to buy at my leisure all day long. Their interface sucks, their mobile app sucks, and their options trading is limited, but they were my fucking heroes today, and I'll always remember it. I hope you're reading this, guy whose name I didn't get.
Just saw Reuters doxxed DFV. Just want to say he did everything right, so stay strong! What a great success story for this guy. American Dream.
Some people see GameStop as a stick-it-to-the-man opportunity: Sorkin
Can We Just Appreciate Where WSB Made It?
Let’s all appreciate where this sub has made it!! I mean WHO IN THE RIGHT FREAKING MIND would tell me few years ago that some random reddit community will eventually make the SUPER RICH in WALL ATREET ABOUT TO SCREAM for their lives??? I would think you are absolutely insane!!!  I’ve been here for almost two years now as far as I remember and just wanted to point out that I’ve been on and off primarily because I am just another student majoring in finance. To be honest I think I’ve learned more about markets from here than from my finance courses, not that professors are not good and they’re great, it’s that YOU GUYS ARE MAKING IT FUN.  LOOK AT US NOW!!!!!             We are making headlines nearly everywhere and gained millions of other autists in a matter of few days that ARE READY TO GO TO THE MOON WITH US.   I’ll just cut it here and not make it long as I’m sure many of you like seeing red or green graphs more but man what an amazing and unbreakable community this has become.   Oh and yeah   GME and all others to the f’ing moon   . Thank you I’m advance for making me rich!
Robinhood allowing purchases of GME/AMC/BB/etc again, but in full shares only
Damn, Webull thanks for the recap.
We cant let WSB get political no matter what
I know everyone is excited about all the attention and likes having politicians sucking up to us. Claiming that they're going to go after any collusion. It's all bullshit. Its bullshit from the left and its bullshit from the right. They just want to tear into this issue because it's the classic underdog story and Americans love an underdog story more than anything.   Right now WSB is like Rocky and every politician out there wants to line up to be in a selfie with Rocky. They're just using us for exposure especially to a crowd that they see as untapped.  Please dont let this place turn into a constant circle jerk of politics. Basically all of reddit is just political propaganda 24/7. This was the last good place on the internet. The LAST. It was the last actually funny place too. Once in awhile it even had incredible ideas.   It's about to be co-opted by politics activists online claiming they care about "this issue". Then they're going to stick around and sometimes subtly and most of the time forcefully turn it into another propaganda machine. It just makes me sick because I already know its over. I dont want it to be but this place is going to be filled with propaganda and nothing else almost 100% after GME is over. I'll miss you guys and all the great times and sarcasm. This place was the funniest place on the internet.   If you feel how I feel do your best to keep people from pushing agendas. Agendas from either side but let's be frank this is reddit. We all know where this crap is heading.  My positions are 80k in PLTR options mostly expiring next year/2023 and 40k PLTR stock.  Edit: Obviously none of this was financial advice anyway but seriously NONE of this is financial advice I'm just a retard on the internet and if you listen to me for it maybe you're also retarded  Edit 2:
LET THEM FIGHT
WTF is happening?
Forget the irony of Chinese trading platform Webull giving us more freedom to trade than American companies, why are all the giant hedge funds and corps more retarded than we are.   There are now   million WSB retards, the empty suits are playing the victim role on national television claiming fraud and collusion while simultaneously admitting to committing fraud and stealing our money outright. huge short positions were taken out before Robinhood started closing out positions for 100 fucking dollars, well under market value.   This is where the logic of the big funds escapes me. If they really think   million people are targeting them, why the fuck would you admit to blatant securities fraud? If in fact we are targeting them why would they leave themselves open to such a large class action lawsuit. This is the most absurd and flawed logic I have ever seen.   Cry manipulation and yet fuck people out of hundreds of millions of dollars because they figured out the shell game. Now you have forced customers to take there money overseas.   If you are a victim I strongly recommend calling a lawyer, I’m sure there are huge firms that would love to take this on, they fucked up fueling the publicity. This isn’t 2008, make sure they don’t get away with it again. Class actions are civil not criminal and the burden of proof is much lower, in a setting where everyone hate people fucking over the little guys and gals.   Good trading and I look forward to arguing with you all.
This ... does put a smile on my face.
Billionaire Broker Thomas Peterffy on why they put restrictions on trading companies like GME “It can take down the entire sustem, theoretically” .... THATS THE WHOLE POINT: To take down Wall Street’s corrupt system of market manipulation.
GME 1/29/2020
Your Wife’s Boyfriend - Robinhood
This is a value play and it always has been, regulators pls read
Mods please don't fuck me this took more effort than it should have.    TL;DR:  the GME shorts made one of the most braindead plays in market history,  and should have seen this coming from miles away. GameStop is a VALUE  play beyond the squeeze and is fairly valued at $200-500+ per share in a  stable market.       Full  disclosure: I have an IQ equal to the number of employees at Citron  Research and a diet consisting of mostly Crayola crayons.     This is for everyone who is catching up with the story of GameStop.  GME  was removed from the S&P 500 in April of 2016 in the midst of their  slumping performance in a gaming market shifting away from physical  media and retailers. At that time, GME market cap was just over $3b and  steadily shrinking.  The company’s  bleed continued into late 2019, eventually bottoming out with an  8-figure market cap. Digital competition was rapidly increasing and  GameStop was not able to move quickly enough to adapt its business  model. They were getting bent by Amazon, bent by Microsoft, bent  by Sony. Gay bears were gleefully jerking each other off on the massive  piles of put and short tendies, but something was brewing.  Even though the losses were piling on, GME was able to reserve cash  above   its own market cap: around $500m in August 2019. This cash, and their  international brand name, were really the only two things the company  had going for it at the time.  Enter Dr. Michael Burry, The Holy King Autismo.   Bull Bomb #1   \-    to the GME Board recommending massive share repurchasing with the  company’s existing cash. Burry’s thesis was that repurchasing would  greatly increase EPS and position the company extremely well ahead of a  future sales boost from the 2020-2021 console cycle – consoles which  would indeed have disc drives. Buybacks would give GME more capital to  utilize, decrease their dividend burden, and allow a true transition.  Burry was in it to the hilt.  GME  had already begun buying shares back, and they took Burry’s advice to  buy back even more. In 2019, the company repurchased a total of $   in shares, representing about 34% of the company. Short interest was a  whopping 63% in mid-2019 with bears refusing to believe that any future  was possible for the brand. 9000-grit sandpaper couldn’t make their  brains any smoother.  Enter    captured it best: “Oh, right, I forgot shit companies that are barely  clinging to life always come roaring back from terrible earnings.”  GameStop’s  most critical moves came in 2020. The board got a big shake up in early  2020 with a focus on pivoting the business model to something slightly  less retarded. COVID fucked their retail sales squarely in the ass but  accelerated what was a much-needed expansion of their e-commerce arm.    Bull Bomb #2   \- digital sales jumped over 500% YoY, and this was   not   just for the new consoles. Still, short interest was increasing.  Enter Ryan Cohen, one of the few men on earth who might win a dick measuring contest against King  .  RC had been accumulating shares in multiple purchases throughout 2020,  eventually positioning himself atop the list of stakeholders. Rumors  were flying on the sub about a Cohen takeover of GME, and sure enough,  this materialized on January 11th, 2021.   Bull Bomb #3, nuclear  edition  . The board underwent another massive shakeup, now with Cohen,  Alan Attal, and Jim Grube from Chewy. This was the moment. Ryan Cohen,  founder of the now $43b e-commerce titan Chewy, with Board seats on  GameStop. GME was $20 per share at the time, with around 140% short  interest.  We’ve all seen what has  happened in the 17 days since Chewy took the Board. WSB piled in and  DFV’s balls experienced a condensed millennium of carbon pressurization  into the largest diamonds on planet earth. My only wish is that one day  he fucks my wife.  So why is  GameStop a value play, you ask? I don’t like to estimate the nebulous  value of the gaming industry because it can be cut in so many different  ways, but it is a whole lot of fucking billions and the industry is  going to be booming for a long time to come. GME now has an incredible  fuckload of capital to work with, and the right people to deploy it.  This is what I think we will see in the near future:      Subsidiary expansion  .  GameStop has been playing this game for a long time with varying  degrees of success (aka none), but I think they will continue this  strategy as they pivot their business        Game developers    – there are innumerable great targets GME could acquire to build a  portfolio of games to offer in competition with larger players in the  space. See Microsoft’s 343 Industries, Sony’s 989 Studios, etc.        Streaming    – there is room to grow in the streaming market, even with behemoths  like Twitch and YouTube out there. Streamers themselves aren’t shy to  voice their complaints about the platforms that exist now, and I am  confident that streaming has a lot of room to develop     Strategic partnerships  . The    is something I don’t think has gotten enough attention yet. This is  industry demand for retail partnerships is there, and this deal shows  that it is there in a big way. GME is in a fantastic position to supply  infrastructure and stand on the consumer side on behalf of the largest  producers in the gaming industry. MSFT was the beginning of what I think  will be a massive expansion into these type of partnerships     eCommerce  .  Cohen already proved to the market that Amazon is not the end-all for  web sales - see Chewy. Gaming has fucking yacht loads of product to move  – consoles, controllers, accessories, discs, hardware, branded merch,  you fucking name it. Check the credit card statement your wife’s  boyfriend uses in your name if you’re wondering how much people spend on  this shit. If you think Cohen isn’t going to move them into dominance  on this you are dead wrong  Hot industry. Brand value. All-star board. Massive capital to deploy. Large infrastructure in place. Partnerships forming. This sounds like a many-billion dollar company to me.  I  bet there is are a lot more potential moves to be made for GME here,  this is just what I am thinking we’ll see in 2021. Let me know where you  guys think this rocket will take us.  Buy high, sell never, fuck Citadel, fuck CNBC.  EDIT: fuck, I dropped these...
Who are the retards who bought GME on the Australian stock exchange (ASX) ???
GME Overnight Pajama Party Megathread
Yo, health check time:  - Get proper sleep - Eat proper food - Stretch occasionally - 💦 HYDRATE 💦   I'm sure we've all been glued to our screens all week, but please make sure you take care of yourselves.  If you promise to do a good job, we can take turns piloting the rockets
During the sell off today I tried to get more GME and ask price was 5,000 PS.
Find the difference
AMC Interactive Visualization of the Volatility Smile for AMC Options Chains
GameStop, Gamma Hedging, Wall Street Bets, and the Crack Rock. An in depth explanation of the dynamics of a short squeeze.
Noobs gather around for story time.  Once upon a time, the short interest on GameStop was 140% (what in the Roth IRA fuck) and the shares hit $490.  What does that mean?  I’ll explain like we’re on a short bus on the way to space  . Keep your arms and legs inside the vehicle all times.  _____  There’s only 100 crack rocks in the streets of Compton. Then these greedy ass Bloods at Melvin St ask to borrow 140 crack rocks to return later and to pay interest on those rocks even though only 100 exist.  The kingpins who wrote them this contract do so unethically because the interest generates money.  Melvin St does this without actually holding any crack because they’re not about that life. They’ll buy and return the rock when it’s cheaper in the future than when they borrowed it and pocket the change. This is called shorting.  They do this order to drive the friendly neighborhood crack dealer GangStop out of business.  Melvin St been doing this for years and when they last did this, one crack rock is worth $4. Melvin St really wants the rock to hit $0 and for GangStop to go out of business.  ______  I love GangStop. They sell me my fucking hood rat stuff for cheap. So I buy 10 crack rocks. My homies at Grove St Bets likes GangStop too. So they buy 10 crack rocks.  There’s only 80 rocks available in the wild now.  ______  Ryan Cohen and his squad of Crips see value in this enterprise. They come in and buy up 30 crack rocks which is a controlling stake. Now there is only 50 rocks left in the wild and shorts still have to return 140 rocks.   The price of a crack rock skyrockets because Ryan Cohen promises to close underperforming corners and sell the gang shit online instead.  Call options to buy a bag of crack rock at a certain price are purchased and this drives the prices up. The kingpins who wrote those contracts buy up rocks in case those calls are exercised and crack is called away. This is called gamma hedging.  ______  Grove St Bets gets wind of this and /u/deepfuckingvalue, the oracle of the crack rock, leads the charge in buying up crack rock to fuck the nerds at Melvin St. Now there is only 30 rock available for sale.  Today, a price of a crack rock is $312. And the supply of crack on the streets is dwindling. Melvin St tried their darndest to manipulate the pricing on this because they’re about to get gang banged if the debts are called in. This is called a margin call.  ______  Melvin St even tried to blame Grove St Bets for the price action and they send robots and shills to make the moderators of this community have to work harder than they really have to.  Noobs from all over the world started repping Compton and now Grove Street Bets is 5 million strong.  ______  The snitch ass bitches at the Citadel Community Center (who has a stake in Melvin St) called in the police commissioner at Apex Clearing House and they put pressure on Robinhood, Webull, E-Trade, etc to stop allowing the purchase of crack rock.  However when the kingpins start gamma hedging, Melvin knows they’ll either be butt fucked or gangbanged on the street.  ______  They still owe 140 pieces of crack rock when there is only 100 available at all. On top of that most rocks are held by OG Ryan Cohen, Smart money, institutions, GSB, and Ja Rule.  Melvin St and friends will have to pay any price in order to return the rocks that they borrowed in order to keep their homes and to not be gangbanged. This is called a short squeeze.  _______  They are already $70b in the hole.     ______  Some say the price of a rock could reach $10,000.  In order for that to happen. You must follow rule number 4 of Biggie Smalls 10 Crack Commandments. Never get high on your own supply.   TLDR: Buy that shit. Hold that shit. Cocaines a helluva drug.      This is not financial advice.
Silent Cal on Twitter explaining why Robinhood had to half trading (what do you think?)
The official trading app of r/wsb. My covid story. What's yours?
I found r/wsb a year ago.   Thought, man these fuckers are rude.  What assholes.  I like them.  I wanna do what they do.  Last year shit hit the fan.  Markets crashed.  And I went, fuck yes!!! Money.   Learned about investing aside from my bs economics class.  Found wsb.  Invested.  Made money.  Then lost all my gains because I didn't know shit about options...  Look at history.  WSB was not kind to my dumbassedness.  (and I thank you for the frank honesty you lovely autistic assholes).  I went to investing in penny stocks to make short term gains.  (proud to say, I've never been down from my original investment).  I went with Robinhood because of r/wsb.  The users touted it as "the official trading app of wsb.".  Today they fucked us.  And I'm done with them.  Fuck robinhood.  They robbed the hood.
I'm long RH. The hate they've received is undue.
Listen up you cackling band of morons,  RH done nothing wrong. YOU RETARDS BOUGHT SO MANY GME SHARES THEY COULDN'T AFFORD TO FRONT YOUR BUYS.   They just took out a fat loan to supply you these stonks y'all better nut up and buy when it's enabled (if you want, this isn't investment advice obviously)  You see, RH sends their orders to VARIOUS executing services (CiTaDeL/MMs). Those companies in turn go to a clearing house (DTC).   DTC SAW YOU DUMMIES BUYING SO MUCH GME THAT THEY RAISED THE COLATTERAL REQUIREMENT TO 100% for the settlement process (fucking google it you degenerate)  RH simply doesn't have billions to tie up for 2 DAYS with these clearing houses.   RH is probably seeing extreme demand. My dog has a fucking account, but if you ALL pull out you will be destroying the company that built YOU (wsb).
$IPOE  🌕 because Chamath Palihapitiya is a fellow autist
Buddy has been slaying Melvin, Shitron, Citadel, CNBC boomers live on tv, and most gloriously calling out RH founders as assholes... fuck RH!     Then he drops 3 RH alternatives.... and surprise, one is SoFi whcih he is brining IPO via $IPOE which Jumps 15% from that 1 tweet....   has positive sentiment... with the culture the way it is, the shitstorm that is brewing.... I'm going balls deep .... LEAPs cause I liked the DD I read here on WSB, the app seems decent... RH is shit.... oh, and throw in a few FDs because this screams meme worthy....     thoughts?
Citron Research's Andrew Left and Melvin Capital's Gabriel Plotkin both said they covered...
Citron Research's Andrew Left released that oddly timed youtube video saying he covered around $90s in the previous days.  Source:                Melvin Capital's Gabriel Plotkin also called the CNBC host and had him release to the public that they covered and got out overnight before the market open - at the same time as Andrew Left. The CNBC host says he got out "yesterday at a huge loss".  Source:          I think these circumstances call for an investigation by the SEC+ to see how true those statements were if anything's going to come out of this.
Texas fifth-grader makes $3,200 off GameStop shares bought for $6 in 2019
Hypothetical settlement for GME shareholders.
Since it's unclear how this will turn out it's fun to speculate.   Again this is just hypothetical. I have no idea if anything like this would be possible even in a parallel universe.   What if the SEC realized that the infinity squeeze has come to fruition and tells shareholders that they can either engage a long drawn out decade of class action lawsuits, uncertainty, and frustration in which the lawyers will get $169Billion and each share holder would probably get $69/share, a coupon for chicken tendies from the infamous "RobbingHood's Tendy Cart", an office chair, 3 reddit gold, and an inoperable Bloomberg terminal.  OR   They (whomever they are) can "admit no fault" but each shareholder gets a settlement of $X's /share. All partys then go forward and navigate equity investing within all of the new rules and regulations which will inevitably be forced upon us by politicians and an inept SEC which didn't enforce the rules that were already in place.  <deep breath>  So, if we agree to accept a random # per share. Say,.... $4,  and assuming 69,000,000 shares.  Total payout would be $293,438,250,000 ish. Approximately Verizon's market cap.   Looks like a decent starting point to me.    the preceding was a work of fiction. Not an acceptance of any terms, advice or a Llama. Any similarities between settlements living or dead is kind of stupid.      EDIT: Obviously this was supposed to be funny but, I'm trying to figure out different scenarios for Endgame. A buyout might be plausible.
Letter to my representative, format included
tl;dr Ctrl+C > ctrl+v > send to representative, you can find who your rep/senator is on    This is what I wrote to my representative, I'll edit it slightly for my senator. I cut out certain parts that only apply to me and included an explanation of what was there. If you haven't written anything yet, feel free to use something similar to this, and I'm sure there will be suggestions for improvements in the comments. This is fairly cut down, but it gets the gist of what I said.  >Dear Representative,   >   >I’m Nick11235, I live in your district and actively vote. (I set this to be lay out who I am/what I do)   >   >I'm sure you've been hearing (and likely receiving other messages) about market manipulation on GameStop stock (among others). Several brokers have recently blocked opening new long positions, only allowing people to close their positions by selling. This has been most prominent among the broker Robinhood, where it's estimated that north of half of its users have a position with Robinhood. By only allowing normal people to sell, this removes all positive pressure while adding significant negative pressure on the price of the stock, while big hedge funds and banks are allowed to directly purchase shares, closing out their short positions at a much more favorable price to them (to the detriment of normal people). Something to be noted is that one of Robinhood's biggest clients, Citadel Capital has a very large short position, which I assume to lead to a conflict of interest (if RH's largest client is losing money because of them, it could jeopardize RH's future business with them). I'm kindly asking you to use whatever powers you may have as my representative to investigate the motives/necessity of disabling retail traders' ability to act how they want. This extends to any other brokers that did the same, such as Schwab, WeBull, E-Trade, etc.   >   >Despite any disagreements I have with you on policy, I do think we both want what we think is best for America and our district. I think this goes beyond party lines, and I hope you’ll agree and help in whatever way you can. (I went a bit more in depth, but basically said "this isn't a left/right issue, it affects all American's, please help)   >   >Sincerely,   >   >Nick11235  To be clear, I don't really care about banning overextended shorts, as it's what allows for these opportunities in the first place. What I do care about is not being able to call out the big boys in the first place. You can add more data/details/whatever, I just wrote this up in a few minutes to make sure I got something out.
Wonder If His Bandwidth Can Handle A Few Million Of My Closest Friends Tuning In?
Friday is IMPORTANT. Other tricks they may pull
This is not financial advice. My opinion only. Do your DD, do what you think is good for you.  TLDR below, rockets and rainbows and cute bears for my wife's bf.   Anyway, on to it.  Big day tomorrow, eh? Have you seen the mass of call options ITM for certain stocks? Wowza.  I wonder if shorts have the stocks to give out. Maybe not. Who may have them? Maybe YOU. Would they forcibly take them from you? Egads!  If you have a margin account and some of those sweet stocks as well, brokers may increase margin for whatever reason they want, and in short notice. Maybe you have a short deep OTM put expiring in 3 years? Who would   100% margin on that? Crazy. Possibly you have cash on hand to cover  assignment anyway. But if not, YOU MAY WANT TO CLOSE THAT. Just sayin'.  On the same note having naked calls is crazy and people here are fully reasonable always, but again! Just a little bit of extra caution doesn't hurt.  Make of this what you will.  TLDR - Fucky brokers may still play tricks tomorrow on a possible gamma squeeze. Maybe fully covering your short options with cash/stock is advisable, lest brokers decide everything needs 100% margin or they decide to liquidate your shares first
RobinHood isn't malicious, just cheap.
Ripping this off from here:          Essentially, when you trade on RobinHood, they don't settle the trades for you. They use what's called a Clearing House, which is where the actual exchange of money for shares happens. Trade settlement happens two days after you execute your trade (T+2), so RobinHood has to keep money on account with the clearing house until the trades settle.         They have to keep a set amount that's defined by rule (Dodd-Frank), so they don't really get a choice in the matter. They also can't use your money, which is client money - it has to be their own capital. The good news for them is they can net out their exposure, so if you buy a stock but someone sells, the trades net and it's no exposure.         So what the fuck happened here today? Simple. All week, people have been dumping money in and buying more GME. We're all in this together, so nobody's selling and some people are even buying more. The bad news is, because so many people are buying and the price of the stock keeps rising astronomically, RobinHood's margin requirements went WAY up. You've probably seen the news that RobinHood drew down their credit lines this week ( , which basically means they had agreements with banks that if they needed to borrow money, they could, and they needed to this week so they did. We literally bought so much of these stocks that RobinHood couldn't afford to cover the requirements for you to buy more.         Does this absolve RobinHood? FUCK NO. They offer us a service and access to the market, and they sell our order flow to hedge funds, on the premise that they could provide us with that service. They make TONS of money. The fact that they now couldn't afford to deliver on their service is THEIR problem, not ours. They fucked up. They weren't ready to handle this and didn't see it coming, even though it happened right in the open and right in front of them. They made TONS of money on our deal flow but somehow they didn't have enough to pay the margin requirements.        The good news is, this means that they weren't being malicious in trying to shut down buying (note: I'm not excusing them liquidating people out of positions, that's a separate issue entirely), just that they're incompetent and inexcusably couldn't handle this volume of deal flow. The bad news is, the issue can absolutely happen again because THIS ISN'T FUCKING OVER and WE AREN'T DONE HERE. The good news is, with a day of no buy orders in there and trades settling every two days, we'll be back to being able to buy sooner than later.         Today was a blip and a mistake made by the "professionals" who run the infrastructure that serves the system. The hedge funds got lucky and got a breather, a quick day to get out from under the constant barrage we've put them under. The day is over. We're coming back stronger and harder.        To prevent this from happening again, open brokerage accounts with other brokers who don't have this problem. Spread the love, pay a little more in fees and go get your bags. LET'S FUCKING DO THIS!
Sen. Warren on GameStop frenzy: We need clear rules on market manipulation
An Ode to /u/DeepFuckingValue and all other autists joining the fight
🦧🦧🦧🐒🐒wrote this retarded song so we have something to chant when we stroll down Wall Street next week with our tendies   Y'all act like you've never seen an autist before  Jaws all on the floor when chicken tendies are poured  /u/DeepFuckingValue hit the score  Now the whole damn world starts trying to retort  You'll manipulate markets when the money is yours  But it's illegal when we're not billionaires, of course  Now this is what happens when retards are bored  A whole subreddit of idiots, sticking it up yours      Now this is a job for r/wsb      So everybody follow u/DPV      They tried to shut us down on CNBC      But theyll never fucking shut down $GME      We've got  ,  , C.Palihapitiya   You've got Melvin Capital, stick it up your rear  We've got diamond hands, rockets, a mental illness  Bloomberg terminals, no amount of forgiveness  You've pissed off us, our wives, and her boyfriend  Now we're HOLDing our shares and gonna watch your world end  And we won't sell til you're Chapter 13 bankrupt  We'll rise up, won't stop, can't stop, GameStop      This is a job for r/wsb      So everybody follow u/DFV      They tried to shut us down on CNBC      But theyll never fucking shut down $GME      Apes together strong, and we like the stock  $10k is no meme; Citadel, suck my cock   I'M NOT FUCKING LEAVING  til the squeeze is squoze  To spend all my tendies on coke, boats and hoes  I got on the train late and wrote this rap for karma  I have smol peepee, crayon-eating farmer  It's no longer for the profits, now for the greater good  And while I'm at it,   fuck Robinhood      obligatory
Hedge Funds... everywhere
Hedge Funds are basically foreign powers that have infiltrated every part of society: both the public and private sectors. They are incredibly damaging to us as a civilization. Obviously they control (enough of the) politicians, government agencies like the SEC and FED to shape the rules in their favor and screw over stock traders, but just thinking this is as far as they go is wrong. Hedge funds influence of the private sector is ever more damaging.  By controlling media outlets, they can shape private opinions. How many of those "analysts" think a company really doesn't have as much value, just to have their company sell puts on it the next week, or try to bankrupt the company through massive profitable short selling?  Ivy League Universities have steadily shifted their BILLIONS of endowment from stocks to hedge funds over the past few decades. They are almost completely invested in hedge funds now. It is absolutely disgusting the game these universities play with each other: a competition who can get the highest donations to impress protentional students on college tours, but who will NEVER benefit from the donated money, because it is corruptly wrapped up in hedge funds by administrators who lie that it somehow benefits society to invest in hedge funds rather than research by insanely smart scientists standing 10 feet away from them.  Hedge funds destroy regular peoples jobs and hire math PhDs, computer scientists, and machine learning engineers to work on problems, but these problems don't serve humanity in any positive way. They waste the skills of some of the most talented people on the planet with the lure of money, even though they are making slave wages compared to the CEO.  Imagine a world where regular people continue to be able to work their regular job, contribute, AND we as a civilization become more advanced by research being spent on things that help humanity instead of this pointless game of algorithmic trading, calculating if they can still profit if they get sued, and destroying companies for profit.  Its like how the kings in the dark ages could have lived far better lives if they spent their gold on trying to understand thing, build things like mills, but instead they spent their gold on living lavish lifestyles until they died. I'm glad they are all dead. We still live in the dark ages of dangerous greedy kings willing to fuck over anyone to live a more lavish lifestyle. But now we can fight back, make them less powerful.  Gonna put my whole account in GME if Robinhood lets me  At \~120% short float, we have the ability to bankrupt multiple hedge funds and vastly improve society. Gotta spend money to make money.
Ask yourself, what would Gandalf do in times like this when the odds were all stacked against him?
Robinhood just Stole $4,000 from my account without any explanation. Does anyone have recommendations on how to proceed?
Hello all.  I've been trading stocks on Robinhood for a couple months now, and jumped onto the GME hype train this past Monday. I had about 10K invested into GME, and unfortunately, I had set up a stop loss to cover my losses on the event that the market crashed.   Well of course, the stop loss was triggered this morning at $130, and so,    The   does not have any information on the $4,000 discrepancy, and I've tried reaching out to Robinhood directly without any luck.   Does anyone have any recommendations on how to proceed?
MADOFF, SEC, WSB, GME, etc...
Let’s go further.  Madoff was once the non-executive chairman of the NASDAQ. Then he began operating the largest known hedge fund, was reported to the SEC, was investigated by the SEC, and they found NOTHING WRONG even though his hedge fund NEVER made a SINGLE TRADE!  Fast forward. A billion dollar hedge fund decides to MASSIVELY SHORT a stock that actually possess a great deal of upside potential and has been working toward that direction for half a year.  Seeing this, grassroots investors risking their hard earned dollars toward their thesis through ACTUAL TRADE are shut down.  The single day of shut down, tumbles the stock (predictable) and allows the big boys to take their profits and/or minimize their losses.  THEN, they decide it’s “safe” to reopen trades. Yet, they are only going to allow certain trade options, as if that makes ANY SENSE!  I FULLY appreciate brokers being able to alter margin requirements, etc... to manage broker risk, but limiting trade options is COMPLETELY BACKWARDS!  It’s always important, but it’s especially important in volition scenarios to be able to hedge, roll, and morph ones position in order to mitigate and define risk tolerance.  What has happened, and is happening, is in the truest sense THEFT!  Very, very sad.  No losses for me, but I’m outraged at how they’re playing the common guy.  The huge spike is as much a response to an overly aggressive SHORT (which is probably the wrong side of the long-term thesis) as it is the commoner’s combined grassroots push back.  If both sides want to put skin in the game, don’t interfere, let it find it’s own equilibrium. THEFT and removal of defense from the little guys, certainly isn’t the Nobel answer just because your friends are getting their asses kicked in an honest freely chosen fist fight!
Our Hill To Die On
Fellow degenerates,  I don't claim to know much about market analysis or fundamentals but I can say with certainty that what we are doing today, what we have done to date, is more important than our individual portfolios.  We have lives of our own to look out for and Yolo's we believe deserve to be our golden tickets, by right.  But we also have moral obligation to eachother and to our neighbours to not paper hand this play when we know we are damn well right.  The hard truth we all accept though is that we operate in a corrupt system.  A system where billion dollar hedge funds work outside our rules.  A system where those leading funds smugly remind us that trading stocks is "hard."  Harder still when we win by their rules but have to lose because that isn't suppose to be how it plays out and so the rules are changed on the fly as needed.  Here though, now and today, we have an opportunity to both selfishly make a play to life changing money AND to make a stand.  How lucky we are to have that opportunity.  Win or lose, we are laying the bedrock of the narrative of public discourse after it is all said and done.  We might walk away with 100x baggers and we might walk away at zero.  But something singularily beautiful is happening here.  People from all countries are seeing this fight for what it really is.  The fight of the 99% against the 1%.  We may win or we may lose but we owe it to ourselves and everyone around us to hold this line and be willing to die by it.  When the dust settles either retail will have been rewarded for its conviction, or the lie of a free and open market will be made plainly visible.  If we are fated to lose despite all justifications in our favor, then even still we still owe it to everyone else to be willing to fall on our swords and prove the whole system corrupt and give everyone beside us a precious opportunity to use our sacrifice to drive the change we all need for a better market tomorrow.  If we cannot be defeated but by blatant breaking of the rules set by those who claim to rule by them, then we must lay that hypocrisy bare to our neighbours and accept the cost for doing so.  I don't want to leave a society behind that accepts these circumstances as inevitable.  I hope that if we are willing to immolate our portfolios if it necessary that we will make the demonstration needed to ensure a 2008 bailout, a blind eye to market manipulation, or a gentle slap on the wrist to those accountable, is not just accepted again as business as usual and that everyone else has a chance to turn it into national conversation.  We must hold our shares, be it next week, the week after that, or the months after that because that is what it takes.  The shorts deserve their loss, and we deserve their loss porn.  If they are are too cowardly and pitiful to meet it then we have an obligation to instead show them our stubborn certainty.  No selling.  No capitulation, and if our portfolios must implode then so be it.  Every one of us is trusting in each others conviction that we won't paper hands this play.  I'm up life changing money.  I measure my gains in fractions of a million when I started at just a few thousand.  But I am going to play this to the death because I know you'd want to do the same for me if roles were reversed, and I know that some things are more important than money.  Sometimes someone had to be willing to sacrifice for policy change instead of expecting everyone else to solve it for them.  Diamond hands.     My positions     1x 43c Feb 19 at   220 shares at   average Previously held another 160 shares at
These were all the stocks that Robinhood blocked: $GME $KOSS $AMC $NOK $BB $BBBY $VIR $GNUS $AAL $NAKD
These are my only watchlist tomorrow. These should be your only watchlist tomorrow. It’s payback time. Robinhood will pay! BUY, HOLD, BUY THE DIP, HOLD        Stock market is as simple as supply and demand. We cut the supply by buying and holding. They’ll have to jack the price up.  I forgot to add $EXPR $SNDL  Disclaimer:  I’m not a financial advisor. I’m not licensed to give any advise. I don’t take money. Don’t listen to me. This is for entertainment purposes only.
I will never buy digital games again and $GME is why. Maybe you shouldnt either.
Back in the late 90s the USA government gave the major telecoms billions to build out broadband infrastructure. They just upgraded a few areas and rolled the rest into profit. No one got called out on it, no one got fined.  Now the USA is behind the world in connectivity and speed.   The pandemic has forced millions of Americans to work from home, Comcast, Time Warner, Cox, etc... say hmmm DATA CAPS.  COD is like 120G now(I probably exaggerated but it feels like it)? Damn, one game, 2 or 3 movies and some zoom meetings, and BAM data cap.  That one game was half my data cap, and it was just an UPDATE?  We all buy physical (I stopped buying digital games on my console 3 months ago because of data caps). In 30 years people collect these anyway like gameboy cartridges.   Chewy has a market cap of close to 43b $. That's dogs and cat. I dont know but RC can take GME this way.   Gaming is a 12b/y growth, and only growing more.   In 5 years GME is worth 60B market cap (or more). That's  $860/share. I'll give my shares to these guys for 10x now, or just hold them for 5 years.   $8600 is my value Today.  You can have my shares for that price.  Retail stores also create more jobs than just buying online. I know: downloading is eaier, but going in also gives you something to do. Dont look at it as a chore, but a feeling of having Megaman in your hand again...   (Disclaimer: this is not financial advice, just my opinion. I have a small position in GME that would not move the price in any significant way, and does not require SEC filing)    [Edit: grammar, position, disclaimer, I also post when I'm drunk so take me with a grain of salt.]  [2nd edit: Incase anyone is wondering: the first gaming experience I had, that I can remember, was gauntlet on Colicovision, my dad and aunt had to FIGHT people at Zares (target bought them out) for a NES, my aunt punched an old lady for a NES, best family story ever). We were poor, but poor people still found a way to save up it for a NES to share. I had zelda gold cartridge ( no clue what happened to it ).]
Ameritrade posted restrictions for 1/29
Securities with trading restrictions  We have placed some restrictions on the following securities. These restrictions will not prevent clients from making basic buy and sell transactions. This list is as of January 28, 2021, 4:00PM ET.   AMC, CVM, EXPR, FOSL, GME, NOK, BB, BBBY, FIZZ, GSX, IRBT, NCMI, TR, UONE, VIR, NAK, NAKD, DDS, KOSS    The following restrictions are in place:  Stocks - 100% holding requirement (not marginable) Long calls and puts are allowed Covered call and short put orders may only be placed with a broker. Please be aware that wait times to speak with a broker may be longer than normal due to current market conditions. Covered calls only allowed if your account currently has the shares Short puts only if you have the maintenance/cash to cover the entire exercise amount of the short puts All other complex options orders will not be accepted We may also implement additional restrictions on the opening of option trades that expire Friday, January 29th  Please keep in mind that this list is not inclusive of every security restriction and may change at any time.
Robinhood needed a bail out today. Users be aware.
GME Interactive Visualization of Volatility Smile/Skew Options Chains
An idea: Leave only $GME held positions in our RH accounts, but leave the platform forever.
Hear me out, could it be possible for us for everyone who has a RH account leave their current $GME position in, but leave the app and trade other stocks that we like?  So the only accounts RH would have are deserted accounts ONLY holding $GME positions?    Edit: To those who don't know Robinhood makes their money off selling their order flows, so if all their accounts only have $GME... you get the idea.   I will be honest, after watching the CEO squirm on TV, and the obvious manipulation that happened today - I feel the revolution in my bones. My wife's boyfriend gave me this idea when he woke up this morning.
Bullshit. Does anyone know the GME limit? I tried even ONE share and it doesn’t work. Trying to put $30k into GME. (Still holding 145 shares)
Stocks are back up for buy offers on Robinhood guys!
Get your buy offers in. All stocks removed from Robinhood this morning are back up to set buys back up! To the moon!   Not a financial advisor. Just wanting this to take off and get back at the real crooks of Wall Street!
WSB is Safe from Deletion - DD Inside
Reddit CEO is on a/Charmath & AOC rn, and Charmath is coming out hard pro-WSB, and Reddit CEO guy (/u/kn0thing?) is here saying:  -	we’re an idea and not a group, can’t kill it -	we’re allowed to do this -	we should be able to do what institutions have held the monopoly on -	Melvin et al. Is 100% in the wrong -	he hates short selling, confirmed never shorted before -	These communities are here to stay, it can not be unseen, the decentralized communities will ensure it never dies no matter what he tries -	Called out CNBC as market manipulation since they’re centralized coordinated version of WSB  Will edit as more points are said, but...  #WE’RE SAFE, GOD BLESS WSB AND BUY GME
I think this comment belongs in r/agedlikemilk
PLEASE contact your local representatives! I can not beg and stress enough how important it is to put real pressure on these hedge funds and brokers. We started a war with some VERY powerful people and without the support of our reps, we will lose... The small guy has ALWAYS lost.
Here is a link to a website where you can locate   for your members of the senate and house. We NEED to push for an investigation into naked short selling, collusion between brokers like Robinhood, TD Ameritrade, etc., and the parties who benefited shortly after most brokers got together and in a coordinated and illegal act of market manipulation, tanked GME from approx. $480 to $112 in hours! I suggest contacting them via letter and on the internet. Once this is settled, the next thing we need to do is find out which broker handled this the best and move all of our positions to their platform. Then terminate our accounts with shit brokers like Robinhood and TDA.  Retail investors like myself are in school and/or have to work. I trade through TD Ameritrade and now I have to physically call a broker to buy GME and other securities. They know us retail guys can't afford to wait on hold for 40 minutes (the wait time today) every time we want to place a buy order. This is so blatantly immoral that I am physically sick to my stomach seeing it unfold.  I was on hold and talking to TDA for over one hour today and there is no way I can have the restrictions lifted. In addition, the broker had the audacity to tell me to my face that "This was for my own good." They also told me no one forced them to do this, they told me the brokers did not coordinate together and they were not forced by anyone or any organization to restrict trade, they just decided they know what is best for my money which is in a cash account for fuck sakes.     EDIT: Link for people who can't see/use in text links-
Please dont make this whole thing political. We really dont need that or want it.
I've seen tons of post all over social media with a bunch of bozo SJW's thinking we did this because we hate capitalism.  And we're "on their side"  This sub is not on a "side".  We love "capitalism" that's how we get the tendies, without capitalism this sub wouldn't exist.  If we get to bust down other hedge fund because we're better capitalist then they are.  They fucking asked for it.    So please dont hi-jack this with you're stupid politics.  Save that shit for your girls boyfriend.  WE JUST LIKE THE STOCK  Oh yea gme  buy/hold... this isn't investment advice  Edit: dont make this a political discussion with your left right nazi Commie stuff.  That just draws division and shifts the focus...
If we join forces tomorrow, maybe, just maybe, we can do this. The law of equivalent exchange works both ways.
ELI5 : GME Options Expiring Tomorrow
If people hold $300 GME options expiring tomorrow and at close the stock is $400 but then MMs play games and after hours it goes to $200 then the people holding the $300 calls would be fools to execute, right, because they could buy shares for $200 so those options would all expire worthless?  And you need to make a decision to execute or not by a certain time so wouldn’t they try to hold price down until that time?   They can let price run up during the day but all that matters is price from 4:00 pm until whatever the drop dead decision time is, no?
Be VERY VERY careful using robinhood tomorrow. It is possible they may sabotage the app tomorrow since they are allowing limited buying of the stocks they blocked today. This wouldn’t be the first time robinhood crashed at an important time in the market. I wouldn’t be surprised if it’s deliberate.
Hello all, this is just a warning to be cautious using robinhood tomorrow. They have had mass connection trouble before and it was on a Friday when people tried to exercise their options.   I had a feeling last night and the day before robinhood would pull what they did today or server bomb their own app. I wish I had posted this prediction to document how predictable they are.  This may be Tinfoil hat but I believe if they need to they will crash the app to prevent buying and selling but claim technical errors.   Be aware, be prepared  Can’t stop, won’t stop, GameStop       🏽  🏽  🏽      Edit: I’m glad almost everyone is in agreement. I will be holding the current shares I have in robinhood but buying any additional ones over at Fidelity. Personally I wouldn’t use a broker that didn’t restrict any stock today. This is just my opinion.   Robinhood lost the most important thing today and that was trust. I don’t know if this can ever be regained from them or any of the other companies that restricted.
Here is my takeaway TL/DR from the RH CEO and CNBC interview In case you missed it.
CNBC: So were you pressured into not allowing shares to be purchased or was it a liquidity issue (hint hint)   RH CEO: No it was not caused by liquidity definitely. (Then goes on a long rambling answer while either not looking directly  into the camera ( sign of lying) or reading off script)   MSNBC: So you weren’t pressured, you sure it wasn’t liquidity (hint hint) we heard you tapped some extra funding (hint hint)   RH CEO: No my company is solid well funded.   MSNBC: ARE YOU SURE it wasn’t L I Q U I D I T Y issues ( HINT HINT 🚨)    RH CEO : Right.....liquidity might have been why, but definitely not for any reason related to someone putting pressure on us.
We're in the Endgame now    Part 1 of 5 - Full video link in comments, I was limited to 60 seconds max upload length
Watch Cuomo crucify Robinhood CEO Vlad
Keep RH and other market manipulators accountable!
What happened this week with GME and other high short stocks, could be a once a decade opportunity for some investors. robinhood and the likes that manipulated the free and open market must be kept accountable for their actions. Because otherwise they will screw you over the next time too. What if the next one happens and they do the same thing? You can hold them accountable by:  1- if in US, contacting your senator and congress man and asking them to hold RH accountable and make sure you are very specific on how they should be held responsible. You don’t want Congress to interfere and fuck over the common investor and make up law that would help their hedge fund buddies.  2- file a SEC complaint   3 - join the Class action lawsuit that started today in southern district of New York
I'm not fucking leaving!
Today the game has changed.
A week ago we were just a couple of retards trying to make a quick bag.   Then the hedge funds started playing dirty – they exploited our order flows, they attacked us with short ladders, they blitzed the media against us so hard  even my mom  was saying fuck the degens on reddit. And today, they de-platformed the average investor and literally removed his ability to trade.  But now I feel that something has fundamentally changed. People are joining purely to take a stand against being screwed over for millennia.  Just look at the recent posts. You've got people who've never even owned a single stock going balls deep into GME just to make a statement. Think about that.   You've got regular working class people willing and happy to lose their hard-earned money just to take a stand.   Last week I was worried the shorts would get off easy buying back shares from holders trying to lock in life-changing profits. Now, half of the apes aren't even here to make money anymore.   We're diamond hands  🤚in this bitch just because we're tired of getting dicked.    Webull, Fidelity, TDA and supposedly even Robinhood have already re-established trading for GME. Tomorrow there are millions worth of options expiring so far ITM the 7-elevens in NYC are running out of lube. And guess what. The long, 12 inch dick 🍆 of the people is a straight up   chode  .    tldr;   GME to Uranus       🪐  Edit: at dinner tonight my mom said she changed her mind and is rooting for us retards after the shit robinhood pulled. The tides are turning brothers
/u/VerySlump raises an amazing point: A total market meltdown is possible.
In  , /u/VerySlump raises an amazing point that could lead to quite a meltdown scenario:  1. GME shares are held in custodial accounts, and although I've never looked in-depth, the short loan must also be held by some custodian on behalf of the person who executed the short.  2. The custodian inevitably demands collateral, in case the client can't make good on their borrowed share.  3. When the price goes against a big client, the custodian demands more collateral or they will execute a forced cover.  4. If the forced cover + the collateral is not large enough, then the custodian is liable for the difference.  If we send GME to Mars, then even the custodian may be forced to start liquidating assets beyond the collateral (they have likely have insurance too, who would need to raise capital by selling assets), and THAT would cause a big fucking meltdown.
I think DFV likes this stock
The Real Story Behind GME.
I've been on this subreddit even before the crash even begun and I've to say a few things about this subreddit considering how mainstream it has become. In here you should be able to notice how this sub actually is and what it is all about.  First of all, this subreddit's name is wallstreet  BETS,   this is not your friendly investing subreddit nor you come here for advice. This is a subreddit dedicated to below-average individuals who strongly believe they can make become rich overnight hence they make "bets" to make this happen. I am no exception to this rule either. These bets consist of mostly weeklies options (FDs) that in due expiration the invested becomes worthless; however,  not all bets are weeklies. Sometimes these can be an overnight play during earnings or simply betting for a stock that is considered to bankrupt soon. The point is they make absurd plays that will make them either rich or broke and everyone is here for the show whether it is a huge loss or a huge gain. Of course, huge gains and losses and heavily upvoted and often featured on r/all  # How it all started  Back in 2019. there was this individual (which you are all familiar with by now), who started betting on GME simply because  . He was ridiculed and humiliated by the members of the subreddit simply because dropping around $50,000 on a dying company it's insane and beyond retarded. But a bet is a bet, so he stuck with it through the end and he didn't sell his position even after being heavily criticized. GME price at the time: around \~$5  A few months later, at the beginning of 2020, there was a hype around $TSLA due to a  ," but some still do it anyway since they strongly believe in becoming a millionaire overnight. And this is the kind of crowd that plays an important role later.  As a result, many got into TSLA and got the gains they dreamed of while some lost all their savings account. While all this was going down DFV was still holding and doubled down upon losses after earnings. This guy even held after march's crash.  Then another few months went by and this when it all started to move. DFV posted a brief update titled  .  The crowd mentioned before started joining him and it went extremely well for them since GME went from $10 to $15 and wasn't showing any signs of stopping. This is when GME started to become more of a "meme stock" since so many people were inspired by his gains and wanted to experience the same gains.  Many started to shared his DD and some created their own, but the majority was supported by the fact that the stock was heavily shorted. Even after all that though, GME wasn't fully a meme stock or at least treated as such since not everyone believed in it. Some said it was the top(buy puts) and others even said it was the "next blockbuster." However, as the stock continued to keep rising many started joining and some even started wondering if they missed a lifetime opportunity. The stock kept going up and that's when it became a complete "meme stock" since it started to rise for no particular reason.  By that time, many posts were made and each of them had one thing similar: profit from GME. These posts started to hit r/all and as always, newcomers started joining wondering how to make money or how to join the GME train, but this is when it started to go beyond wallstreetsbets and reach other forums.   and Cramer's constant callouts.  # The Shorts: The enemy of the investors  Due to all this traction and people outside of wallstreetbets started noticing and it took immediate notice of a company that was shorting the stock. This company is known as CitronResearch, an   indicating how it was gonna rapidly crash back down to $20. However, this terribly backfired and instead motivated people to keep buying. Even individuals who had no interest in the stock started joining but not because of the gain but rather to make CitronResearch close his position. It was the beginning of the fight between individual investors and shorts.  Eventually, the rise caused CitronResearch to close its position at around $90 due to its heavy rising volume from individual investors. This also caused heavy losses to hedge funds such as Melvin Capital. However, unlike CitronResearch, Melvin Capital doubled down on their position due to  . However, this only motivated people to continue to "hold" their positions, but this is when things start to get dirty.  First, the media started targeting Reddit(the source of the movement) with fake information and false correlations. One of the first attacks was convincing people to sell their position since apparently,  . Instead of decreasing the short interest went up. Then the next day there was a halt/pause in GME across many brokers at the beginning of the market making individuals unable to increase their position or even do anything with it.  Many of those brokers started to limit the freedom individual investors can do with GME. Robinhood, one of the biggest aggressors, restricted individuals from trading GME as of 1/28/2021. Investors who used Robinhood couldn't buy options and couldn't buy shares either. Some even  . All these events did not make people happy. They were enraged.  # The Current State of the Market  Due to restrictions and many losses among investors, many were outraged. Instead of selling, most held and are still willing to hold all for the purpose of "making them pay." A lot of social influencers, celebrities, and well-known people outside of the subreddit have been speaking about it and encouraged individuals to hold the stock; however, they are not doing this for profit but to send a message. These people are tired of market manipulators and short sellers. They want fairness and because of that, they will continue to hold. As of this moment, we are witnessing history since this is no longer a short squeeze but the revolution of finance. We are not just here to sit down and enjoy the show. We will hold our positions and push forward against this unfairness.  tl;dr: A guy with a dream bet for the rise of gme, it went his way and people started to join because money why not. The rich didn't like that and they are now doing everything possible to stop it, but it's only fueling the train due to their dirty tactics being exposed.       Disclaimer: This is not the full, detailed story, but rather common information I found backed by facts that you should know. I also probably missed a few things, but this should give you an idea of what's going on. This should also clear out misunderstandings such as "wallstreetbets advocating the purchase of GME" or made-up stories. Everyone in here bought the stock at their own risk and nobody is giving out advice. With that being said, nobody in here is giving financial advice nor this subreddit is intended to be like that, so sit down and enjoy the show.
Marc Cohodes says has the evidence to blow up Citadel, maybe let's get some visibility for this guy?
GME getting filled at above $1000
An example of GME getting filled at above $1000     Another example:       Credit goes to TerribleDD who can’t post due to low karma!  He sold one of his contracts (sell was met at 5k) to exercise the rest but Robinhood apparently reversed his trade robbing him of millions $$$   HOLD THE FUCKING LINE
Realistic cost to cover all shorted shares?
Has anyone done any cost analysis of what it would take to cover all the outstanding shorted shares?  For the sake of argument, let's say 60mm shares of GME are actually shorted.  If they all had to suddenly close all 60mm, it would likely take days to complete.  But how much money would it cost short sellers to close?  I'm seeing wild prices of 420/sh, 500/sh, 1000/sh, 2000/sh, and on up.  What does it look like in billions or trillions of dollars for them?  Are they even able to close their positions or do some close, others run out of money because the price has run up too high, and they simply file bankruptcy and settle in/out of court?  (with most of us holding the bag)
58th attempt at posting my fucking meme
Seeing all these ideas of selling popping up, let me share a few words of stoicism from Epictetus
Mods, please review, I think this is important right now.  Remember that you must behave at a banquet.  Is anything brought round to you? Put out your hand and take a moderate share. Does it pass by you? Do not stop it. Is it not yet come? Do not yearn in desire toward it, but wait till it reaches you.  So with regard to children, wife, office,   riches  ; and you will some time or other be worthy to feast with the gods.  And if you do not so much as take the things which are set before you, but are able even to forego them, then you will not only be worthy to feast with the gods, but to rule with them also.   For, by thus doin, Diogenes and Heraclitus, and others like them, deservedly became divine, and were so recognized.     Do what you want, $5k, $10k, whatever. But for me? I'm ruling with the gods tomorrow and every day after.   forever.
DO NOT GIVE AWARDS ANYMORE, USE THAT MONEY FOR $GME AND GO ROCKET!!! (For reals now.) This shit is not stopping and is a one in a LIFETIME chance.
# THEY CALL IT GOD'S GREEN EARTH BECAUSE BY THE END OF THE SQUEEZE YOUR BROKER WILL BE SO FUCKING BRIGHT GREEN SUPERMAN WILL HAVE KYRPTONITE PTSD  My fellow GME brotheren. Friday is the night (or day). Tomorrow we head for our mission to finally get the money we deesrve. Unlike most of you (wether fortunately or unfortunately) I've been bagholding GME since 10. I saw myself through multiple ups and downs. I have gone through around 4(four) low, low, low -30% swings (the fourth being today's). If tomorrow goes well, the shorts will have such a ridiculous demand coming from the suspension of GME in brokerages, demands of the r/wallstreetbets brotheren, and Elon Musk, Chamath, and A-O-FUCKING C will skyrocket our diamond hands.     Last time there was a "dOnT gIve mE awArds" post it got $18,000 worth of reddit awards. If you woudl have spent that on long dated, april calls (aka when GME was around 17) you would have broken 6 figures and would probably be in Millionaire status.   GME is our stimulus.   Those fat ass republican (& Democrat) motherfuckers didn't want us to give $1200 checks so we're taking $10,000 instead.     The institutions have always made fun of us, they thought we were just a trend in the stock market that would come and go. THEY thought they could get away with breaking families in 2008 while earning just enough money to get another Yacht, this time gold-plated. NOW this is a movement. While unfortunately this wouldn't make these zillionaires broke, these motherfuckers are going to take us seriously. This wont be a cat and mouse game anymore, this will be an elephant seal vs elephant seal $GME now.     Our lord DFV was just a regular value investor before he started to dive deep in GME. Loving person with a wonderful family. Now he is breaking an 8 figure net worth after being told off on his YOLO "You're not gonna make it" they said. If GME goes to $1000 (Which could be a possibility) this motherfucker will be 9 figures and I would never be more happy. He got me into GME first, shortly after Ryan and his goon squad arrived.     So tomorrow, open your parachutes. Be ready for shorts trying to attack, and high volatility if that's the case. If the squeeze does not happen by tomorrow, worry not my fellow GME bretheren. Just DIAMOND HAND and HOLD until we get to our promised land. I wont argue if we can also tank to $0, but remember, it's not just for the money. It's for the message.     # Power to the players.   (I am not a financial advisor.)
Stop Using Robinhood App
The title says it all. I am no sure will this post be banned.  Robinhood surely is very convenient and easy to use, but their actions today require consequences. It's no secret that they earn money by selling all sales' data to the ''big sharks'' who can fuck us small fish up pretty bad. If they will lose huge number of users, their data will stop being useful, it will be too small   of population to sell it to anybody. I don't give a shit, I am pulling everything now at loss and will continue using some Ameritrade or whatever. There are other apps that are relatively still for free. Ok, I am illiterate, I don't know how to support my idea with smarter terminology.    Oh, yes, if someone will start complaining about this post, well, look at it as a bad review of robinhood.     EDIT: Recommendations for an alternative app are welcome.  EDIT 2: ~~You don't have to sell~~ ~~and withdraw everything immediately~~,  (<<<-transfer instead->>>)   obviously that could also play out as an advantage to those that we are betting against, but at least try to cash out gradually. Take into account that it takes 4 days to be able to transfer the money form the app account.  EDIT 3:    \- this explains pretty simply, after today's actions by Robinhood, do you really want to use app that is monitoring you and working against you with your every sale/contract???
High GME valuation explination, the price is justified.
We are not a short targeting group, WE LIKE THE STOCK! I am tired of hearing this on the media, and even AOC's twitch stream is parroting this. Melvin is just in the wrong place at the wrong time. DD below.     GME is a gaming company that got a CEO and board members who are experts in e-commerce and know how to succeed in an industry dominated by Amazon.  This same CEO and these same board members created Chewy, which is a successful and growing $42B market cap company, and it is not unreasonable to expect this same group could provide similar returns for GME too. GME's current market cap is only $13B, even at it's current closing price price. This means there is a long way to go - about 4X more to be specific.     Moreover, ARK invest thinks gaming and specifically VR will grow massively in the next five years. ARK details this explicitly in their 2021 research report, which you can read here, it starts on page 21.     >•A virtual world is defined as a computer-simulated environment that can be accessed by anyone at any time. Society interacts daily with virtual worlds which today are in their infancy.   >   >•According to our research, revenue from virtual worlds will compound 17% annually from roughly $180billion today to $390billion by 2025.     It therefore makes perfect sense to assume GME, now with a new CEO who is an expert in e-commerce will position GME to take advantage of a potentially $390B industry. Therefore it is not unreasonable to assume GME may be worth more than Chewy in the near future given this potential market growth. Finally, modern gaming requires a tremendous amount of computational power, meaning we should expect GME to sell this expensive and high margin hardware as well as accessories along with their gaming consoles and games.  Lets put this all together, if GME grows to the size of Chewy, and becomes a $42 billion dollar company, their share price should be about $623. And depending on how they position themselves to take advanatge of the VR market, they could potentially see far more upside in the near future.  GME is well positioned to do so because they own brick and mortar stores around the country that will act as distribution centers, meaning they already have an upper hand on their competitors.     WE LIKE THIS STOCK.     Important updates and information I missed:  From u/   Bro you forgot about the cut they get from Microsoft's® GamePass©  subscription service. It's a great value for bot Xbox © gamers bit  PC  gamers, which like you mentiond GameStop © will be selling hardware for. I also heard about building them in store? Not sure.     From u/   To supplement this DD, we also have the potential of exclusive and/or  early-access partnerships with key players in every space. Ryan Cohen,,  Reggie Fils-Aime, the former COO of Nintendo of America and Elon Musk,  the sea shanty meme lord of Tesla himself, are individuals that have the  potential of changing the game entirely. We believe in the value in the  FUTURE, we believe in the stock.
Blackberry Loss Porn - Robbery
In the face of criminal manipulation, my all BB account was robbed today.  It's okay, sold nothing because I really really like the stock.  Held on to now 57,000 shares and about 800 contracts of various strikes and expirations.  Also note stock went up on Wednesday on 370 mill vol and sank 10 points on 188 mill volume. I wonder how that happened?  Anyway, here's Wonderwall and a sad picture.  I personally am still incredibly bullish and excited, the show goes on. 🐝🐝      Final thought: the path to the moon was never supposed to be a straight line.  Only the bold and brave are allowed on the journey.     Disclaimer: I am not your adviser and not a professional. Hold a royal assload of BB securities. Do your own DD you fucking idiots.
Open Letter to the American People: Overleveraged Hedge Funds
Wasn't sure were to post this but everyday Americans deserve to know what these hedge funds have been doing. Politics are still for retards.    There has been a significant degree of media attention regarding GameStop and the broader stock market this week. This is the real story on the issue from someone intricately involved over the last year. I have no fear to tell the entire country what happened behind closed doors. Every side of the aisle in Washington and every office on Wall Street is responsible and the American people deserve to know because they have been continually robbed over the last decade. Your retirement account, your children’s college fund, and the mortgage of your own home. The manner in which hedge funds operate poses extreme risk to the economy and in some cases illegal. GameStop is just a symptom of the problem and will not be fixed by the people you tasked to do so.  I am a 20 year old college student paying for school working two jobs, saving people and shoveling gravel. I am also a member of WallStreetBets and have actively traded for several years. I have nothing to gain and nothing to lose but believe what has been occurring is not tolerable and arguably against the law. This narrative being pushed by the media is incorrect either by design or ignorance. Neither is acceptable.  To start, I have no confidence in the government’s ability and willingness to address the factors which have allowed US Equity markets to completely detach from real economic activity. The very congressman and regulators which are tasked to maintain an efficient free market are inextricably part of the establishment that benefits from gamifying said markets. Almost every congress member is a multimillionaire and maintains their wealth through the asset market. Multiple congressional members have their wealth parked in the very hedge funds at fault. The regulators later serve as board members at these brokers and funds immediately after their tenure. The people tasked with addressing this problem have no incentive to fix the underlying issues and will place the blame with everyday people who found a fault and capitalized.  What happened with GameStop is the culmination of how our markets have been run since the 2008 financial crisis. Banks were deleveraged and forced to change their operation after wiping out entire generations of wealth for average middle class Americans. In the decade since, this risk, this leverage was only moved off book to private hedge funds which operate in a dark corner of the market. These players operated at 10, 12, 15 x leverage, turning a few billion dollars of wealthy clients money into trillion dollars of notional exposure. They utilize this leverage to seek an edge on the market, Alpha, and multiply clients capital while taking a chunk for themselves, their “2 and 20”. This demands they outperform the market on a consistent basis to reap gross returns.  In the artificially low volatility environment created by the Fed and Treasury for the last decade, massive degrees of leverage works. These exclusive funds created massive wealth for their wealthy clients by front-running retail trades, exploiting passive holdings, and using infinite leverage to manipulate prices. Fund managers are the ones buying paintings and sports teams. However to keep these returns and fees going, they need to continually seek Alpha. For this very reason Melvin Capital and other hedge funds knowingly created an explosive situation in US capital markets.  With disregard for economic efficiency, under zero accountability and access to such high leverage, Gabe Plotkin and other fund managers shorted GameStop and other companies into the ground, aiming for a bankruptcy. The stock was pummeled down 90% over a few years to just $  Instead of taking their profits, these funds doubled down because they need to keep returning capital. They leveraged up and engaged in extremely reckless and illegal naked short selling to drive this company into bankruptcy when financials did not warrant so.  WallStreetBets is barely relevant. Yes, we were the first to look but anyone could have found the mistake Gabe Plotkin and Co. made with a few Google searches. The fact that media like CNBC painted such a negative picture while having a conflict of interest eliminates any facade of integrity. When real people make devastating financial mistakes, they lose everything. No one is there to provide a backstop. Reality is harsh. Through our continuous bailouts and lack of disclosure, these funds face no consequences.  The US taxpayer bankrolled their over-leveraged losses during the initial pandemic crash while being denied the help of their own money. The entirety of congress was complicit. Massive amounts of taxpayer money and federal reserve capital was used to backstop the losses they had incurred without addressing the dangerous leverage. Money that taxpayers in financial peril deserved after being put in crisis through no fault of their own. This money was spent so these managers could keep their Miami Beach mansions without selling their sports team while real people decided whether to spend their $1200 on food or rent.  These people have never had to see the consequences of their decisions because they can change the rules when need be. All the characters involved in this one instance have been implicated in illegal activity, fraud in the magnitude of billions of dollars, and are allowed to continue after paying paltry fines. Steve Cohen, Gabe Plotkin and Citadel Securities among others need to be fully investigated in a transparent manner. The stock market cannot act correctly until systematic changes are made.  The way hedge funds have operated for the last decade is not sustainable and is detrimental to economic efficiency. With such large buying power they can short companies into bankruptcy regardless of the fundamentals against all principles of free market capitalism. Positions and leverage of these funds are not disclosed in full and only quarterly through 13F's. No short selling is ever disclosed and therefore the true risk profiles these funds are taking is unknown. That unknown risk has blown up multiple times but nothing has been done. They operate in a very dark corner of the market and are able to circumvent the even playing field of an open market. Their excessive leveraging causes outsized volatility and poses the risk of extreme losses.  I do not believe that the US government is capable of executing justice but the American people deserve to know what is truly going on. You are being robbed of your livelihood, your prosperity, and your future. Demand those at fault for crisis time and time again finally see the consequences of their actions. Be mad.    TLDR: Sir this is a Wendy's       r fuk. GME 69420c 1/29
My new setup, what do you think? Ditched TDA after the BS today
IF JUSTICE ISN’T SERVED WHEN   of EVERYONE in this Country are on the SAME SIDE, we are F   ED
DO NOT FORGET WE NEED JUSTICE FOR WHAT HAPPENED THIS WEEK. THIS CANNOT BE SWEPT UNDER THE RUG.  It’s one thing to make a decision when the country is divided on political issues, BUT THIS IS NOT THE CASE.   OF EVERY SINGLE PERSON IN THE COUNTRY ARE ON THE SAME SIDE AND AGREE ON THIS. AOC AND MOTHER FUCKING DONALD J TRUMP are on the SAME side for christ’s sake.   If the USA cannot deliver JUSTICE when EVERYONE is on the SAME SIDE, then we as a country are FUCKED.     I am riding with my 28 shares til the wheels fall off this bitch.
Short 1 minute summary of Robinhood's conflict of interest with Citadel, from AOC's livestream (guest is Alexis Goldstein, whose more in-depth article is linked in the comments)
$SLV preparing for takeoff
Schwab Also Partook in Limiting Stocks/Options From Being Traded, via 'This Order Cannot Be Accepted Because the Security Symbol is Not Valid" Pictures For Proof
All,  Schwab is a shady broker.   They do not explicitly state that they're going to limit tickers, but do so in a more under handed manner. This applies for both equity shares and options.  Exhibit A, GME Options     Exhibit B, QS Shares     I forgot to take the screenshot for GME shares, which also returned the invalid security symbol error for the majority of they day.   I was however able to finally submit an order, before the platform kept telling me invalid symbol again.  I tried on their trading platform StreetSmart Edge, webpage and mobile.  I'm also reading around that others didn't have any issues with Schwab.   I can tell you this, they shut down their chat function and also their phone line help (message stating they are not accepting calls).  Another strange thing, Schwab only had strikes up to 320; not just for options expiring tomorrow; but for months out as well.    I believe this was intentional and shady as hell.  TL;DR FUCK SCHWAB
Chamath Is The Man
Just something to think about...Capital Gains Tax Rate for 2021
I LIKE THIS STOCK BECAUSE OF RYAN COHEN
I’m so sick and tired of seeing the media thinking that individuals went into GameStop only because it was heavily shorted. Or because there was a coordinated circle jerk to fuck the shorts.  Personally, I got into GameStop because of big daddy Cohen and his proven track record. Do I even need to mention that legendary letter he sent to boomer ass Sherman and GME’s Board of Directors!? And now he has going to be a member of the board with his former chewy executives! Should I mention that deal they have with Microsoft too? Or the muthafucking OMNICHANNEL capability!? Or the reliable revenue cycle when new consoles are released?   Big daddy Cohen has a vision to transform GameStop into a staple in the e-gaming world, which is worth BILLIONS and growing everyday! As an avid gamer myself (for the horde bitches), investing in GameStop was a no brainer.   Yea, the squeeze is nice, but it was just a huge cherry on top of the Cohen sundae for me. And now Wall Street has pissed me (and THE WORLD) the fuck-off interfering with our tendies.   I AM NOT SELLING. I LIKE THIS STOCK.   Position: Over 100 shares at $28 avg price.
TDAmeritrade is now manipulating buy orders.
We are being blamed for skyrocketing a stock that isn't even supported on the platforms that we use. THIS STOCK IS NOT ON ROBINHOOD
CNNC and Robinhood - giant hypocrites
So, all of this talk is about retail investors not knowing what they’re getting into, and afraid of retail getting burned, without money to spare....  They are the ones who are wimping out, they are the ones running low. Can’t stand and trade with the big boy retail diamond hands. Their shorts got called, and they’re running away complaining to mommy government that this is unfair, because they’re losing. Manipulating the market because they’re too afraid of a bunch of Reddit noobs going ‘YOLO!’  It’s worth the loss of my investment just to see who is truly running the game here - a bunch of whiny babies trying to cheat, while telling others to work harder.  Them:    This is what I’m doing with my shares:
Janet Yellen our new treasury secretary was paid 800k by Citadel..
Joker pays Melvin a visit before $GME hits $1000
You guys rock
I’ve been following y’all for a few weeks now, and as amusing as you guys have been, I’ve thoroughly enjoyed the pure collaboration and working together that you have done together.  I’m super proud of you and keep it up!  I’ve also heard that some of you are taking those profits and paying off others’ student loans and personal debts and that truly makes you stand out as the real Robin Hood’s of the world.  Thank you for the inspiration.  Keep it up, guys!  Edited: flair to discussion.  Didn’t realized Yolo was wrong flair.  My bad.  Edit#2: Yes, I am aware that an old (OLD) post I stupidly made for someone was left in my history profile.  Yes, I know.  You can stop DMing me about it.  And No, I’m not sending you any nudes.
The End of Melven [OC]
Google Play deletes over 150,000 Robinhood app reviews after frustrated users leave one-star ratings
All eyes on us. Let's do the thing.
I have seen all you give more than any other group of people. I'm balls deep in GME and student loan debt. But tomorrow is payday and before I throw that check at bills I'm going to take my last semi liquid $100 and give it to the Pacific Crest Trail Association, I say we all give something away, the world is all watching. If we can do it when we head to the moon we can also do it right before we leave the fucking galaxy.   This one is because it's not about money, it's about sending a message.    Edit: payday from my employer, I'm fucking holding
I can't be the only one who's angry
It simply should not be possible to short 138% of the float of any stock. It's abusive and sets up situations like we're seeing now. If the SEC or any regulatory body wants to confront manipulation, they need to be looking at the hedge funds, not a subreddit that sees the absurdity of the short positions.  I'm honestly not entirely upset about Robinhood removing the ability to buy shares of GME today. It is complete bullshit however to not be as transparent as possible and at least give some warning when announcing it, rather than after the fact.  We all know that nothing will get done with words alone, especially not against the interests of multi-billion dollar funds. You know, it's just a thought, but a certain street in New York is looking ripe for a nice occupation.
$69,420 per share of GME is just the right amount to bankrupt Wall Street
There are   million floating shares of GME available on the market. If the price per share hits $69,420, that’s a total value of $3,255,103,800,000, roughly all hedge fund assets as of 2019/2020.   We’re living in a simulation  Numbers are from:       (I am not a professional, this is not advice, do your own research, and invest at your own risk.)   TLDR:
DONT STOP US NOW
WSB when we finally sell $GME for $4000 next week
PSA:  AFTER THIS IS OVER , you can transfer shares without converting to cash
First of all -- this is a PSA for the future.    Do not do this now as it will freeze your account. Wait until after the squeeze and volatility returns to normal.     After all this over, don't forget that Robinhood fucked you over.   If you are still holding onto shares (  SPY) in your Robinhood or IBKR accounts, instead of selling the shares and transferring cash which will result in a taxation event,   you can transfer your brokerage account and all the shares in it directly from Robinhood or IBKR to your brokerage of choice through something called ACATS.       You need to INITIATE the transfer from the other brokerage. Examples include WeBull and TdAmeritrade.    It will usually take 3 - 5 business days to complete and your shares cannot be traded, so do not do this during times of high volatility.          I am planning to transfer 90K -- or whatever my GME is worth at the end of all this -- out of my Robinhood and IBKR accounts. Fuck Steve Cohen.  NOTE THAT THIS MEANS YOU WILL NEED TO SELL OR PAY TAXES ON GAINS. AGAIN -- keep this for the future and   do not do it now.
An Idea for The Mods Regarding Disclaimers on Future DD Posts
So here’s an idea. We should be including some sort of disclaimer at the bottom of things like every DD posts or even possibly discussion posts. Would it be possible to auto-populate a disclaimer at the bottom of every published post for example:  DISCLAIMER:  This is not investment advice. Your YOLO could lose you all your money or take you to the moon.    Well something like that but you know what I mean... the goal ultimately being to cover our bases as a sub. Also it would be decently convenient cause I’ve seen lots of people now adding that to the bottom of their posts and it seems like a good couple second time saver for each user.   You’ll see disclaimers like this at the bottom of most news articles and on most shows on CNBC, Bloomberg, etc. I believe this is mainly due to regulatory guidelines.
TDA restriction explanation
Team,    I received the following from TD Ameritrade regarding what they're doing about restrictions. Bottom line, we can still trade like normal, only blocking complex option trades. GME ON BITCHEZ!   ## Securities with trading restrictions  We have placed some restrictions on the following securities. These restrictions will not prevent clients from making basic buy and sell transactions.   This list is as of January 28, 2021, 4:00PM ET.        AMC, CVM, EXPR, FOSL, GME, NOK, BB, BBBY, FIZZ, GSX, IRBT, NCMI, TR, UONE, VIR, NAK, NAKD, DDS, KOSS    The following restrictions are in place:    Stocks - 100% holding requirement (not marginable)   Long calls and puts are allowed   Covered call and short put orders may only be placed with a broker. Please be aware that wait times to speak with a broker may be longer than normal due to current market conditions.      Covered calls only allowed if your account currently has the shares      Short puts only if you have the maintenance/cash to cover the entire exercise amount of the short puts   All other complex options orders will not be accepted   We may also implement additional restrictions on the opening of option trades that expire Friday, January 29th  Please keep in mind that this list is not inclusive of every security restriction and may change at any time.
Congrats on becoming the laughing stocks of the world, shorties.
A MESSAGE TO ALL $GME CADETS
SGMO DD Number 3: Event Timeline, Short Interest and Evidence
WTF is SGMO?   Like Crispr, but better. SGMO uses ZFNs (zinc-finger nucleases) which are much more efficient, site specific (less off-target effects), and even able to edit mitochondria. And they are miles ahead clinically.  For a more detailed explanation, feel free to read the first two DD I posted. First one was when SGMO stock price was under $10:  \-   \-       But what do I know?   Not much. But I’m relying on the fact that the 5 big pharmas that have partnerships with SGMO being able to deliver the goods, namely Pfizer, Kite, Takeda, Novartis, Sanofi, and  .     Look at this sexy pipeline:     With 17 programs, one Phase 3, three Phase 1/2, it’s a thick snacc. I don’t even need XHamster any more with this page out there, free to view. Cancel your gamer girl only fans with bath water delivery, and instead stare at menage-a-17 of collabs and wholly owned programs.     Compare it to      :   9 trials. And rather than list pre-clinical, phase 1/2, and Phase 3 like most reputable biotechs do, theirs is a unique “Research->IND enabling->Clinical->Marketed”. I’m all for self-expression and every biotech is a beautiful snowflake, but “IND-enabling”??? Clinical???? EXACTLY HOW CLINICAL??? DID YOU WALK A VIAL THROUGH A CLINIC BY ACCIDENT???? Maybe they made up a pre-Phase 1, like Phase   and they just thought it would be too avant-garde to bust out at this moment. Either way, it seems shady to choose to present your pipeline in such a…unique way. Also, I don’t see 5 BP partnerships listed… If SGMO is Xhamster, the CRSP pipeline is a local grannies in your area sidebar thumbnail.     BTW, all those biopharma partnerships are on contracts      .   And SGMO has its own programs for organ transplantation and Fabry’s disease.     So when are some events that could make SGMO share price pop?   As I’ve said before: I’m not Ms. Cleo, you can’t call me now, and I don’t know the future 🔮. But I do know    1.   First big one is Sanofi reporting more data from the SGMO collaboration.   This happens   March 9th at 11:30am,   but   BE CAREFUL!!!   (more on that below). There was some initial data pointing to superiority of CRSP in this indication (transfusion-dependent beta-thalassemia) but what most analysts failed to realize or under-emphasized was that CRSP achieved a better result via a highly toxic conditioning regimen. So toxic in fact, one of the two patients they treated went septic (an infection in the blood).   (Without getting into it too much, this is ex-viv0 editing where cells are edited outside the body and re-infused with the genetic abnormality fixed, so it’s very similar to chemo before an autologous (you use your own cells)  (bone marrow transplant.))  1.   Departure of Sung Lee has a curious little clause in an SEC submitted document about extending his stock options through the end of May.    . 2.   Pfizer Hemophilia A phase 3 data at ASH 2021, typically held in Decembe  r. This is the flagship first to market program for SGMO and as far as I’m considered it’s in the bag. Albeit an N=5   set for dose cohort 4, an excellent dose-response curve for an objectively measured result (factor levels) across dose cohorts.   (For you stonk apes, Phase 1 and 2 are “dose finding” studies where the first concern is safety, and Phase 3 is focused on efficacy. Factor levels appear to wane over time, but in hemophilia the difference between severe and normal lifestyle can hinge on a marginal amount of clotting factor produced. So although I wouldn’t use the word cure outright, excluding re-dosing tech coming down the pipeline this is a functional cure for X years in a patient population that not only experiences life threatening frank bleeds, but other debilitating symptoms secondary to small bleeds and clots (arthralgias, limited quality of life), and ultra-high cost factor infusions (>100,000k per year) for some.)      And as far as safety/efficacy is concerned,   SGMO had one bleed 52 weeks out and Biomarin (BMRN) had so many bleeds and low/unresponsive factor levels and intra-patient variability that the FDA requested a more data when they tried to file for accelerated review and got rejected.     And in case you don’t believe BMRN think's you're stupid and is doing everything they can to try and get their inferior product to market before SGMO,    . I even think BMRN seems like a good candidate for some LEAP puts...     BMRN market cap is 15 Billion with 5 programs, one of which sucks. SGMO is      2 billion with 17 programs   \ \ .\ \      SHORT INTEREST  \- Normally I wouldn’t post this given the difficulty of finding up-to-date, accurate short info, but given recent events I think it’s of interest. SGMO has had a longstanding short float,  . So although it can be tricky to trade, there’s a metric shit ton of stuff not priced in.     And if you want to see real stock price manipulation in action  , check out the share price on the following dates that correspond to the article pic:            12/7-12/10:   Best-in-class hemophilia A results for SB-525 reported 12/7, premarket and SGMO opens $  and closes at a loss for $  Positive beta thalassemia results reported 12/9, premarket. Notice the run up doesn’t happen until 12/10,    A FULL 3 DAYS AFTER INITIAL HEME A TRIAL NEWS   . Sounds like enough time to cover. Stock immediately pulls back after run-up 12/10.     12/18-12/23:   stock runs from low of $  to high of $  on announcement of Pfizer taking over heme A trial in phase 3 following stellar Phase 1/2 results. Notice the run up starts 12/18,    5 DAYS BEFORE NEWS RELEASE ON 12/23   .   For record I posted my first DD on Sunday Dec 20th, with shares at $  from the previous Friday, in full fucking disbelief that share price hadn’t gone up from Heme A results and Pfizer takeover of the trial. Next few days it rocketed to $  before the shorts decided it was time to tap it down again.   Since then, red days on low volume. Just taaaaaaap it down, shorts. Give it a little tappy. Tap tap taparoo.     YOLO Screenshot attached, and that's one of 3 accounts (need to roll out those May calls). SGMO is still the majority of my tradeable retirement.    TL;DR- SGMO undervalued with proven gene editing tech headed to market. Buying shares or LEAP Jan 22' and Jan 23' calls seems cool, but I'm not going to tell you how to live your life. Selling some covered calls each month to buy more OTM LEAPs makes the time pass quicker.       Edit 1:            Edit 2: I forgot I rushed this out because notorious dickhead JPM analyst Eric Joseph just upgraded PT to $35 after years of misrepresentation and shoddy research undervaluing SGMO, so I think he knows an upward move is coming.
HEDGE FUNDS ARE FINALLY HEDGING - SPY put options up
SPY put options pricing has gone through the roof today, implied volatility up more than 10% to 26%, I think this means the hedge funds are hedging their GME short. They know that if GME keeps going up then they’ll have to start liquidating other positions and taking loans from banks, requiring those banks to liquidate other positions, all causing a SPY crash. They’re trying to win either way, and they’re right, they are going to win either way using this tactic.   So how do we stop them? Well I’ll leave that to someone less retarded than me to figure out, I figure we could do the same, that way it drives up their cost basis, and also means we win twice if GME moons, but I’m sure there’s a smarter way of doing it.  In addition, all of this gives credit to u/Odin19199 ‘s story about the White House shutting down trading at RH. Clearly some big players are agreeing this could cause a big market crash and so it isn’t a stretch to believe the White House would want to stop it. So if you’re reading this, fuck you Joe.  Edit: apparently I have been misled by mr odin, so ignore my last paragraph, and just in case anyone is misunderstanding, FUCKING HOLD GME (this is not financial advice)
Interactive Visualization of Volatility Smile/Skew SPCE options chains (because I can't access the GME data)
The bullish case for Tanger Outlets (SKT)
After witnessing the GME explosion, I went looking last week for other stocks with high short %, and ideally low volume.  One in particular stood out to me -- SKT, Tanger Outlets.   , and has been slowly building -- the avg volume over the past 10 days is  , so some scouting and positioning has clearly already been done.    The float for this stock is only   shares.  That's way less than other recent meme stocks like NOK (    billion  ), BB (508 million), and comparable to AMC (102m).    Given that AMC has a similar float, I then checked out the short % of the float -- for SKT it's      .  AMC is    Furthering the case for SKT,  .  4th largest OI put decrease.  SKT recently reinstated their dividend, and being a dividend/real estate stock, this seems to be one that is safer to hold, and that current holders are less likely to try to exit on a pop.  I live right near one of their outlets, and you wouldn't think we were in a pandemic with all the traffic it has.  Even if malls begin to shutter their stores, outlet stores generally stay open as the stores relocate their inventory to the outlets for clearance, figuring bargain hunters will go scoop them up.  At the start of this year, a new CEO was installed - Stephen Yalof, who previously headed up Simon Property Group (SPG).  He was CEO of SPG starting July 2014, when SPG stock was at  , and hit a high of 227 a few years later.  He ended up departing SPG in April 2020, obviously after the pandemic/crash.  Melvin Capital, as of 9/2020,  .  This seems like an extremely attractive target for a short squeeze to me and I ended up buying shares and leaps last week, and intend on holding for a while.  The charts the past couple days have been following other meme stocks, but not as drastic -- up 10%, down 8%, etc.  Twice today the stock bounced off the   range, and it seems like the    There's certainly some resistance at $20, but given the low volume and high % of float, OI put interest dropping sharply, I think it's a matter of time before this one hits the radar of more traders looking for the next thing.  Good risk/reward play.
PSA: RH Transfers
To all RH users, please be aware of the risks of initiating a share transfer to a new broker! Some people are posting about initiating a transfer immediately and some of them are trying to screw you over.  Account transfers generally take 3-5 BUSINESS days. Some brokers are so backlogged they are taking up to 3 weeks (I've been on the receiving end of one of these).  If you hold GME, know the risks in transferring to a new broker. Your stocks are frozen and cannot be transacted during this period. I'm not telling you to transfer or not, but know the risk.  If you plan to abandon RH (which everyone should, eventually), consider not transferring stocks but instead cash. I can't advise you on when to go cash but keep in mind we've seen some monster squeezes on Friday. Make your own judgements.  I love you.  Edit: I still love you, but also, be aware of RH tapping some of their credit lines. This is not an insignificant development.  Edit 2: I'm not an accountant. If you're holding shares after the squeeze, that's your decision. I'm just advising you about the risks of a share transfer in the immediate future. XOXO.  Edit 3: Goodnight cuties. I'm getting ready for bed in anticipation of waking up early to buy some pre-market tendie tickets. Stay frosty tomorrow.
Wall Street Guy Here - I've got your back
I'm an  actual  Wall Street type.  Mine is a common NYC story.   I went to Yale and Stanford, coming from working class roots out of nowhere.  I didn't have a plan for after college, so I did NYC banking work like everyone similar at the time (it was a few years before everyone decided they should go to DotCom companies).  The  "I don't have a plan" on   interview train of my day usually led to "easy" money doing bank work in Manhattan.  I'm older than nearly everyone on this sub.  I did the 100 hour weeks (before blackberrys and iphones existed en masse, so you had to actually sit at your fucking desk all night).  I made some money, but not master of the universe money.   Enough to be comfortable, even in NYC (it was cheaper in the 90s).  You could have seen me at Anna's in the Financial District in the late 90s.  It's a Dos Toros now.  I stuck with it.  Went to grad school and back. I moved uptown and into private equity buyout work, at a well known shop in midtown.  You could have found me in the 2000s with one of those (in retrospect) stupid looking Hermes "H" belts we all had those days (tie to match).   By this time I'd lost my drinking pretense.  I'd get drunk at a hole called Jimmy's corner.  Just tried to get through the day.  Hated every minute of it.  But I was decent at the jobs and got many promotions.  I got carry on the right deal, and I moved out of PE the second I got paid.  I'm in a completely second career now by choice, and I have never looked back.  I left a lot on the table, but I fucking hated working those deals.  Soul crushing.   Buy a company, fire people, take some liberties with accounting and make short term decisions that will bite company in ass 10 years down the road, sell company in 5 years.  Rinse repeat.  I've seen a lot of shit.  I've been with our advisors at Lazard trying to bullshit our way through 12 week cashflow statement to save a shitty company and get a rescue package at 2am.  I've been in a Wachtell conference room at 3am hammering final points to sign before an 830am pre-market takeover announcement.   I nearly tripped over the Blackstone 3 story sky lobby stairs at one point.    I went to closing dinners at every place that was cool 20 years ago but are probably sad or closed now (BTW:  you kids should lobby to bring back closing dinners; they went away in 07 but are fucking awesome).   I'd put my bona fides up against anyone (almost anyone?) here.        Most importantly, I've seen a lot of shifty, disingenuous bullshit.  But major brokerages closing trading today was probably the worst thing I ever saw.    It's a terrible investment and I'm going to lose money, but I threw some $$$ down to protest.  Fuck those guys.        At the request of the comments, edited to add: Sorry for Gent X long form.  meant to say:
All Roads Lead to Citadel
Fellow degenerates, while the universal contempt shown towards Robinhood, Interactive Brokers, TD etc is well deserved, you should note that the actual perpetrators are using Robinhood as a scapegoat.  There is not a single news article about Citadel, Melvin, Point72, D1 or Maplelane (the dementor hedge funds) with regards to what happened today.   DON'T LET THEM GET AWAY WITH THIS.    Brokers who removed 'buy stonks' will get sued into oblivion and everyone will focus on them while the dementor hedge funds will get away with absolutely zero repercussion as always.  You need to go back to first principles, where all of this started in the first place: the dementors have shorted more than the total available shares issued by $GME and way, way more than the float. It is also very likely that they strong-armed the brokers today and triggered the short ladder.     Conjecture       All roads lead back to Citadel. There needs to be a class action lawsuit against Citadel   (It would be of no surprise if the class action lawsuit against RH is bankrolled by Citadel as a deflection)  Here are just a few things to connect the dots:     . They essentially are the market         only provided $750M on top of the $2B from Citadel             TL;DR: Not all roads lead to Rome. Some lead to jail. $GME      .  Obligatory: All of the above is a conjecture. I am not your financial advisor, in fact I am a financial bonehead and that doesn't know shit
However this ends.... We live in the greatest timeline!
Google Trends Snapshot of Jan 28: ('Robinhood class action', 'Melvin' and 'Citadel')
Front Page of Wikipedia - History was made here today
NOK YOLO wife’s bf told me to sell my boomer index funds
Our Darkest Hour.
Ham radio is the new Discord. Also my mom said thanks for being my friends
Hypothetical scenario about the "bubble burst"-argument
If the "bubble burst" who will be the one who are damaged the most?  If there are 140% shorts it means we have 240% in total  ´In conclusion it has to be brought down to 100% in a case of a short squeeze  Now imagine over half of that are insiders or instituational holders and the rest are retail investors.  It seems like the shortsellers are the one who are screwed the most.. following are the greedy retail investors.  What do you think?  no financial (but drunk) advice (it was a tough day)  discuss so the bots dont ban this post
Important enough for its own post: Robinhood was NOT the only one that banned GME and should NOT be the only one to get legal scrutiny thrown at them! List all culprits here.
Go look at posts/comments from earlier today from dudes wondering where the hell to buy GME because their non-RH broker of choice ALSO banned purchasing GME. GME dropped over 75% from its high not because just RH did this, and we all know it.  MOST BROKERS DID THIS. MOST OF THEM.  Now - go look at the front page of Reddit, the front page of your favorite news source, and the tweets of your favorite politicians. 95% of mentions of these shenanigans mention ONLY RH.  Why's that? Hell, you KNOW why deep down, but let's spell it out.  These prominent people - politicians, celebs, rich people, etc. - who are suddenly on your side would   love   to see   only RH   bite the dust. RH already had been disrupting the industry and taking business away from the established brokers who were charging ridiculous fees from back when you had to hop on the phone and call a broker to perform trades.  The second RH goes away, and other newer ones like WeBull get similarly targeted and scrutinized, what'll happen? Return of the $8+ per trade $1 per contract BS as the norm. Fees that go down with the more money spent, because brokers loooove rich people, and hate us and want to rake as much as they can from us.  Should RH get reamed? Absolutely. Should all the other brokers that pulled these shenanigans get reamed too? You betcha. And right now, that's clearly not going to happen. I've not seen a single politician, including AOC, mention ANY broker other than RH. Hell, a congressperson drafted a fucking letter about troubling/concerning yada yada about RobinHood. Only RobinHood.   Again, MOST BROKERS did this.    Frankly, ANY broker that pulled this shit should be shut the fuck down. If not by the law, by their customers getting the fuck away from their thieving asses.  So, did your broker do this to you too? List 'em here. Hell, make a separate post about them. Upvote all of them. Let's not let them get away with this. They're trying to sneak out of a war they started and present RH as the lone culprit and make you feel warm and happy about class action lawsuits that'll get you a baconator in about 5 years. Don't let them.  It's clear the media and politicians all intend for those other brokers to get away with it. The ONLY way they won't is for us to plaster their names everywhere and make it IMPOSSIBLE to ignore.
Saw on Facebook that Firstrade says they won’t be stopping buying tomorrow!!
If I learned something today, it's that $10,000 is not a meme
Fellow retards,  yes, I have also seen my unrealized gains plummet and have feared the worst when the stock price almost touched $100. Like many of you, I bit my tongue and held with these beautiful  🤲 of mine, and I was rewarded with the stonk going up again and - most importantly - with tickets to Valhalla, where we will raise our glass to our fallen brethren.   We have seen some have gotten their shares bought at retarded values such as $2600. We have seen what dirty tricks the funds are capable of. And STILL, they were literally seconds away from blowing up a nuclear bomb on their faces. They are desperate and NOW they deserve to pay.  They NEED to buy your shares at whatever price you choose.  $10,000 is not a meme anymore. Not for me. I hope to see many of you there and to toast with you for the victory of freedom and justice.  This is only a reminder. I am a retarded stock warrior and not a financial adviser, and NONE of this is financial advice and is meant for entertainment only.  Positions:   Doggy  Reverse cowgirl  435 shares, mostly bought at $37 with some of them bought at $77.  EDIT: some DD I forgot to mention:  Ihor Dusaniwsky has basically confirmed on Twitter that, as of today morning, the SI was 120%. He has made the case for it being legal and not "naked" since, if we add the synthetic shares to the float, we get a SI of float+synthetic of around 55%. For us, it changes nothing  Somebody asked him whether a squeeze was possible in the next weeks and he said he'd rather give no comment. I asked him for a hint, he liked my twitt. I tweeted " 🤲" and he liked it again. Then I tweeted he had given me a hint and he liked this again. DO YOU NEED ANY MORE CONFIRMATION? Anyway he is posting the new SI tomorrow morning.  EDIT2: Proof for the anxious among you           I think you can click yourselves on the likes and see that. I am definitely not uploading a shittron of pictures from mobile  EDIT3:
Guys.. I’m Scared.. AMZN 100K+ ER
I used to work @ Merrill. Here's what likely happened today with Robinhood and what it means for short-squeezing investors
I just wanted to throw this out there in the middle of the outrage, in the hopes that someone can take it in and strategize, rather than be upset. Worked @ Merrill as an analyst from 2014-2016.  I also like to keep it concise so follow along. This ain't a fucking Qanon fan fiction.  Disclaimer: I own GME. This is not financial advice. This is just some dude chatting with his old buddies.                      1)   Robinhood, restrictions, suppression  :   When you place an order through RH, Citadel or some other HFT front runs your trade and pockets the spread; However, the transaction is not complete.  Enter: Clearing house. The clearing house is the intermediary between the counter-parties. Because they stand between sellers & buyers, they have very defined levels of risk, risk management and regulation to be in front of.  The clearing house is who gives you the "title" for your shares, the folks who make it official.    What Likely Happened  : The risk department retard @ the clearing house, who does jack shit all year other than flag Stacy's trade so he can get some face time with her runs to the C-Suite frazzled; He has looked at option open interest expiring this week, has done the math and there simply isn't enough float for GME in anyway, shape or form; turns out WSB is printing out their stock certificates and burying them in the Mojave Desert. It's simply not enough.  In addition, they got a Snapchat from SEC/OCC which said hey, if you fucking keep selling open positions, you're on your own; we ain't gonna help you. SEC is sneaky like that; they like sending messages through the backdoor, not the front because they used to be hedgies themselves. If you're not following, Front door is making a public statement while the backdoor is a threat sent to an intermediary who you and millions of investors don't even know exists.  So, they call up the risk department at RH and tell em to stop fucking selling GME, there simply isn't enough float, the SEC told the clearing house they're on their own and who tf is gonna take the blame/liability if there's a "failure to deliver"?              2)   Failure to Deliver  :  This is a pretty fucking big deal. Bigger than you imagine, because it's basically a slam-dunk law suit.   Failure to deliver means that one of the counterparties (in this case, the firm who sold you the option, RH or the clearing house) has failed to deliver you a contractually obligated position, profit or certificate. Since there's no float and ITM calls get exercised by HFT bots at the end of the day, how in the fucking hell are they gonna deliver the option holders their contractually obligated merchandise if there is no merchandise to be delivered? There simply isn't enough for everyone. Thousands (or possibly hundreds of thousands) of failures to deliver =  big risk              3)   Liability  :   You must be asking so what? Fuck them; They should be the ones figuring it out and they gotta give me, the customer, the right to choose or whatever the fuck; That sounds great in a boomer fashion but it's not that simple. Robinhood is contractually obligated to deliver you those shares or positions. If they fail to, they become liable for any losses or profits that you may have endured and they will LOSE in court cause they FAILED to DELIVER. How many people have options on GME on RH? Half? Imagine if half of these fine RH customers were legally owed benefits and they were engaged in DDoS style lawsuits involving Robinhood or the clearing house. There would be no Robinhood left. There would likely be no clearing house left. Robinhood is also a shitshow of a company, so they likely didn't even have additional collateral to put up to the clearing house for normal share buying and selling on the meme tickers and since they bank with T-Mobile, they had to pull the plug.  Hence: Bad Decision > Bankruptcy or worse (WSB finds Vlad's mom and becomes her boyfriend collectively)   I personally don't believe it was out of malice or a coordination for RH; there's definitely coordination all around, but occam's razor says this is not such an ordeal.              Couple of semi-related notes:  -Fuck Billionaires. Parasites of modern society, simply existing to leech off every slurp of alpha and take up resources meant for billions of poor people.      them in the streets,       them in the      ,      them from skyscrapers. Whatever is needed to discourage hoarding of resources of this tiny fucking planet.  -I very much doubt that Ken Griffin and Citadel (the HF) would engage in blatant market manipulation or coercion of Robinhood or other brokers to make a few bucks on Gamestop or AMC. They cleared over 6 billion net last year, so just logically, it seems pretty unlikely to risk it for this. It is also very unlikely that Citadel Securities would engage in illegal behavior for the profit of Citadel, simply because it's such a money maker. If you were an evil genius, would you let your money maker go to shit because you were getting squeezed on some short?  -The media just wants clicks and engagement, so they will bring the worst people on, simply to pad their own bottom line. Don't get engaged. Don't give in to them. Be the captain of your own ship and fuck over wall-street however you please.  -The restrictions on the others tickers is likely proactive, not reactive.   -   TL;DR  : There's simply not enough float and the broker/clearing house will fail to deliver on a large scale if they keep letting new positions be opened, hence restrictions.  -   What will happen now  : Based on my previous short squeezes, Friday (tomorrow) will be nuts; All this gamma has to go somewhere and since there's not enough float, I'm guessing up up up up up.
They will double down on their tricks   attention!
I would not be in the slightest surprised if ROBINHOOD planned "outages" or "server problems" for   case we go up again  .  "Limited buying" might open the gates for manipulating activity.  You have to understand that in today's downturn, there was probably NOT a single share available for the funds to buy (some even reported here that their sell limit was executed at prices above 2000$). So Citadel and the MM will try to increase their coordinated attacks to a certain extent tomorrow.  I encourage you to read the DD posted by u/veryslump .  As an infinite gamma/short/epic squeeze MAY be looming, BE CAREFUL  • If you can to brokers who didn't fold to the pressure today, such as FIDELITY. I heard that setting it up is pretty quick and easy. Consider SoFi, VANGUARD, SCHWAB and TD too (further info in the comments is welcome). Inform yourself on their respective websites if necessary.  If you do switch, make sure to do it ONLY IF you have cash available because they will freeze your positions if you take them to another broker.  If you have open positions on   HOLD the line 🤚🏾    • NEVER buy on margin. We saw what Robinhood did today executing orders without consent  • KEEP cool and STAY   are starting to fear the implications of their own conducts.   AND MOST IMPORTANTLY: 🤚🏾 🤚🏾  Disclaimer: 4 GME @212$/174€ I am not a financial advisor
GameStop madness isn't David vs Goliath. It's Goliath vs. Goliath, with David as a fig leaf - Alexis Goldstein
>Historically, there's been debate about whether or not Payment for Order Flow should even be allowed. The practice was actually originated by none other than Bernie Madoff (the famous ponzi scheme fraudster) in the 1980s. During the Obama administration, the SEC asked one of its market advisory commitees if Payment for Order Flow  .   >   >Citadel has also gotten into trouble with the SEC in the past for the way it handled its Payment for Order Flow: In 2017, they  .   >   >Some, like Institutional Investor magazine (a major Wall Street trade publication) have asked, essentially "who cares?" They  , among others, SEC Rule 606 disclosures show."
Shots Fired. Challenge Accepted. Reddit rebellion is 'another epic parabolic bubble' that will burst, investor Peter Boockvar warns
Can we please address something.
The chairman of Interactive Brokers publicly stated that the reason for all of the marketplace trading restrictions was because there wasn’t enough shares available. Then why the fuck is every platform stating we can’t buy because of market volatility. This alone is extremely deceptive and caused mass hysteria and mass sell offs by hundreds of thousands (millions?) of investors.  If there are no shares available then tell us that. Not some vague ambiguous nonsense how the market is volatile. We know that and that’s why a lot of us invest. Today could have been completely avoided if there was an ounce of transparency about the marketplace trading restrictions.   I understand that being transparent would have  likely led to less investors selling and higher stock prices.   That is all. Thank you
My friend might have been the first to sell for 5k and you might be the next if you hold with your
Basic guide to Wallstreetbets culture for Newcomers
I've been a member of this sub since we were at 400k subscribers  I'm known for never getting the fuck off this sub and collecting tax payer money as I do it. Seriously you'll see me here 24 fucking 7 even when I'm "working"  I'm going to give you the quick rundown on Wallstreetbets culture for you newcomers to get acclimated or if you're a CNBC boomer not knowing what the fuck is going on in this sub.  # First of all lets go over lingo/slang:    FD   (stands for "f" word (no not fuck the other F word) delight)  \- To buy an FD is to buy a weekly option that is so fucking retarded it might just work     Retard    \- It means your fucking stupid and don't know what the fuck you're doing     Autistic    \- Use autistic to describe someone that actually does due diligence and knows what they are doing     First one is free    \- A phenomena where you are so retarded and don't know what the fuck your doing you somehow make money on your first trade     Ban    \- When you say or ask something so fucking retarded someone has requested a mod to ban you     Diamond Hands       \- It means you never sell. Your hands are literally made of diamonds     Toilet Paper Hands       \- You sell at the slightest red tick because you're overleveraged and are a pussy.     In Scrambles    \- when somebody has made a poor decision and is regretting it     Europoors    \- When the European stock markets open up and they start selling because they lack economic stimulus.     Ameririch    \- When US stock markets open and they buy up what Europoors sold     YOLO    \- $400 into GME weeklies is not a YOLO you dumb fuck. A YOLO should be atleast 4 digits and represent 98-100% of your account     $ROPE    \- what you buy when you make a poor decision     Smooth Brain    \- apparently the grooves in your brain determines your intelligence. To have a smooth brain means to have no grooves which means you're fucking retarded.     FOMO (fear of missing out)    \- when everybody getting paid and you feel left out.     Guh    \- when you account goes from $4000 to $0 in 30 seconds     DD   (Due Diligence)  \- It means doing your homework on a specific stock or the overall market     BTFD   (Buy the Fucking Dip)  \- Something Warren Buffet said     Plunge Protection Team (PPT)    \- When the money printer gets turned on and prevents a drill from drilling further     Tendies    \- money     Mooning        \- Either means a stock went up   or 600%     Drilling / Drill team 6    \- Either means a stock went down   or -50%     Pleas fly again    \- what you say when your stock takes a shit     "We like the stock"    \- Recent meme popularized by Jim Cramer in regards to Gamestop when he tried to imitate Wallstreetbets users     Jerome Powell / Daddy    \- The chairman of the Federal Reserve. Blessed us with 0% interest rates causing stocks to only go up. Literally prints money.     SEC (Securities exchange commission)    \- Stock market police     Black Swan    \- when your chillin and some shit pops off that makes the stock market moon or drill     Deepfuckingvalue    \- Autist who held GME for nearly 2 years     Mods are gay    \- self explanatory     Buy High Sell low     -what you do as a newcomer.      No you don't need to report users who call you retarded.  No you don't need to report users that say they fucked your wife while her boyfriend watches  No you don't need to report users for saying you probably do blowjobs behind the wendys.  If somebody says "nobody tell him" they are not being a dick you are just so fucking retarded because your question is probably basic shit you should know before investing.  # Gang Life  On your adventure throughout Wallstreetbets you'll notice some retards representing different types of "gangs" heres a quick guide to what they stand for.    Bear Gang / Gay bears / Virgin traders       \- These guys get hard when stocks go down    Note: "gay bear" in NOT an alternative to calling someone "retard". Being called gay bear is 100x worse, true story.     Bull Gang / Big Dongus Crew 🐂    \- These guys get hard when stocks go up     Kang Gang 🦘    \- These guys get hard when stocks go way up and then way down     Theta Gang θ    \- These guys get hard when stocks go sideways     Cash gang 💵    \- These guys get hard watching other people get hard     Late-night gang    \- Any retard on wallstreetbets between the hours of 1am pst / 4am est - 4am pst / 7am est     West coast gang    \- Usually a chad who lives in California or Washington. Heavy presence between 12am pst and 4am pst     East coast gang    \- Losers that have to wake up at 4 in the morning to look at the pre-market     Pajama Traders    \- Usually references people who trade futures or those that trade premarket     Silver Surfers 🏄    \- People that invest in silver commodity     Steel Gang    \- People that invest in Vale, X or other stocks that go up when steel is in demand     Corn Gang  🌽  \- People that invest in corn     Gourd Gang    \-     Tanker Gang  🛢️  \- People that invest in tankers. rip.   # Surviving as a newcomer  Don't ask retarded questions that are basic such as:    "What is an option?"   "Should I buy X stock?"   "Is it too late?"   "What is IV?"   "Why can't I trade" and the market is fucking closed   "What are futures?"  All this basic shit will piss off some degenerates because if you don't know any of this there is really no reason for you to be throwing 10k at weeklies you'll lose 99% of the time.     Not only is it against the rules but nobody gives a fuck about your political thoughts. The only thing we care about on this sub is fucking gay bears and losing money. With this much people in a sub there is bound to be political commentary and I'd advise you to take it to a different sub.       TL;DR: This sub was created to lose money. Nothing here is financial advice.      -edit: some letter may be missing on mobile, shits fucked yo.
Today's market be like:
Market opens
Our king holds? WE HOLD
Hedge Fund BILLIONAIRE Leon Cooperman on CNBC: People are sitting at home, getting checks in the government. Fair share is a BULLSHIT concept; and it is a way for us to attack wealthy people. It is INAPPROPRIATE! OKAY WHEN BILLIONAIRES MAKE MORE BILLIONS NOT OKAY FOR EVERYONE ELSE!
A Brief Introduction to Understanding Short Interest, Short Ratio, and Borrowing Rate with Publicly Available Resources (HOW TO KEEP FROM GETTING SCAMMED BY THE SHORT-SELLERS)
First, some terminology:      Short Interest   : The number of times shares have been shorted. Notice I didn't say the  number of shares.  One share can be shorted by multiple people in consecutive trades and short-sales.      Float Short   : Ratio between shorted and available shares.        Short Ratio   : Also know as the time to cover; Equals the number of shorted shares divided by the average volume.      Borrowing Rate   : The cost to borrow shares to short.  If the borrowing rate at the end of the day is 50%, the cost of that borrow is .50  (Price of stock at EOD)  (Number of borrowed Shares)/365   This can show how badly shorts are hurting to maintain their positions.        Available Shares   : Should be pretty obvious.  The number of shares available to borrow  FREE WEBSITES TO FIND THESE VALUES:                       [IBorrowDesk - Great Website, shows   borrow rate   and   available shares   data over time] (      Why this information is   VITAL  :  Plenty of bots and shills have been trying to distract with dozens of different tickers that are supposedly experiencing squeezes.  It would be incredibly profitable for an institutional investor to borrow millions of shares for a stock with a low borrowing rate and convince morons to buy them.  Knowing how short interest and borrowing rates works keeps   you   from getting screwed.    Borrowing rate is especially important here, since even heavily shorted stocks can be profitable plays for shortsellers if there is little cost for them to borrow millions of available shares.    Walkthrough to use this information:   For example, let's check to see if NOK may be experiencing a short squeeze, since it's been pushed so heavily by bots.  1: First, we should check to see if it has a high short interest, and if so, how long that short would take to cover based on average volume.      - Short Interest:    Short Ratio: .96 days  Greater than 30% Short interest with 10 days to recover is usually the metric used.  Based on these metrics, NOK is nowhere near a short squeeze.  2: Next, we should see what the borrowing rate is, as well as the number of available shares.      -  Borrowing Fee:    Available Shares: 4,100,000  Based on this data, a short-seller could borrow   1000 Nokia shares to sell short for 35 cents a day.   In fact, if you compare the available shares with the previous day's available shares    4 MILLION SHARES APPEAR TO HAVE BEEN BORROWED TO SHORT.    At such a low borrowing fee, these shares are extremely cheap to borrow and short.  There is no ongoing short squeeze.  Short-sellers will likely make a killing on shorting these shares.    Conclusion: Check FinViz to see if a short even exists in the first place.  Then check IBorrowDesk to see if easily and cheaply shortable.   Edit: This is not intended to be an anti-NOK post.   I like the stock.   But it doesn't appear to be squeezy, and with current volatility and retail investment the way it is, NOK could be a target for shortsellers riding the wave.   I'm not a lawyer this is not legal advice.  I'm not a dentist and this isn't dental advice.  I'm not a financial advisor and this isn't financial advice.  I'm high as fuck.     Note : Gamma squeezes are a totally different thing.      TLDR: Shorts do not expire.  But if the borrowing rate is really high, they can get expensive to continue holding for shortsellers.
100K GAIN + I am pro musician and convinced my band to record a cover of Immigrant Song with lyrics about Gamestop
Is this where we find out Analysts are not actually here to help?
After witnessing the billionaire cry baby meltdown of 2021.    Its all making sense now.  I see no other reason a firm nor bank would just volunteer information (for free) about a public company.       think about it, if this information is so invaluable and they are so good at their jobs of collecting publicly available information. Why not keep that shit to themselves?  Downgrade =  short selling (notice a drop instantly after these assholes report a downgrade?)  Probably shorted millions of shares while sending the email.  Bought a shit ton of PUTS to sell back to mouth breathers like us.  Sometime later the stock is back to where it was and the cycle continues.  Upgrade =  They picked up their elite buddies shorted shares or found a stock with a basic bitch price Loaded up on calls, their buddies load up on calls, they start buying up shares making a sweet incline that makes everyone FOMO we all jump in like assholes.   They buy PUTS up top after the load up....  then it starts to drop and they short the fuck out of it leaving you with your dick in your hand.  Now your a bag holder and you sell for a mediocre profit, enough to make your grandpa say "thats not bad" after the next "ok" earnings call.  SOMEONE PROVE ME WRONG!!  ALSO, NOW IM NOT ENTIRELY SURE THE PATTERN DAY TRADER RULE IS THERE TO PROTECT US AFTER ALL THIS SHIT IS HAPPENING. (No "retail trader" has $25k just lying around, almost like posting fucking bail.. judge knows damn well that murdering piece of shit will never get $10mil dollars the fucks the point?!)    I've never listened to these idiots to begin with but now i think ill just do the opposite.      Look at Harry Markopolos and GE (not an analyst but still), he probably just got done with his daily bj lighting up a blue face wrapped cigar laughing at melvin
Hannibal Bustin' Through!
If Russ Hanneman Can, You Can
Webull says hold!
Webull CEO: We "needed" to limit buying due to closing house mechanics
Link to interview:    CEO of Webull in the above interview stated that the cost of clearing each share during settlement has increased 200-300% since last week and brokerages are struggling to fund it, or at least allocate money to the clearing house while they wait for the shares to clear (edit: not the cost per se, but the "escrow"amount).  If you watch, he "misunderstands" the question about the role disabling buying played in the fierce downward action around the open in the GME market today, but his claims seem to have some merit and explain why both Webull and RH tapped their credit lines today and now are re-enabling share purchases.  This is above my pay-grade, but we'll see if one of you knows anything about it. My lone (ex) hedgefund friend said it is a reasonable explanation. Of course, you would think RH CEOs could manage to spit this out as well unless they don't understand themselves. Numbers too big. Slow down numbers and get loans.
Everyday this post gets better and better.
IT'S POWER TO THE TRADERS NOW
So excited for tomorrow! Guys, let's enjoy this ride     ✨ (src comment)
Robinhood Will Allow Users to Buy GME and AMC Shares Again
When people started talking about the retail apocalypse a few years ago, who would thunk it turned out that.....
Retail investors caused an apocalypse at hedge funds who bet so big on an apocalypse at retailers during the COVID apocalypse that when they got it wrong and started going broke, it caused the market to go so batshit crazy that Robinhood (the retail brokerage) faced insolvency leading them to cut off their retail customers who watched the apocalypse unfold in their stimulus accounts and decided to unleash the apocalypse on Citadel Securities.   So.. yeah... WSB is pretty much The Walking Dead. I just want to know who is u/deepfuckingvalue .... Rick or Neagan?
This is what we do to hedges around here
Ladies and Gentlemen, WE GOT THEM
RH lying in their email - protecting yourself would be suspending margin NOT restricting people buying with their own money
Why I Paper Handed GME, Why I'm Buying Back in, and Why I Think All   s Should Follow Suit
This is not financial advice   I hope this won't get deleted and this becomes somewhat of a beacon to all   s  I was in GME since November, I first bought in around $16, I even    when we experienced the post earnings drop to $12 and double down to decrease my cost basis   I believed in the thesis I had conviction.   But as soon as we jumped to the 30s I started to slowly liquidated and take some off the table. I did this all the way up until my last share at around $250.  I was extremely happy for my gains I turned 4k into 20k more money then I ever had in my brokerage. But I sold because I was worried.  See the thing is I am going through the process of quiting my job. I was a correctional officer and working conditions have deteriorated beyond anything acceptable.  I was going to take my retirement and use it to thetagang to support my family and myself while I try to grow my candle business   I have a mortgage, a wife, her boyfriend, and their 2 beautiful children I need to take care of   And the 20k I made would be extremely helpful in making sure we can make this work!    I was gonna take my gains and run   But something changed, that something happened today.  See I always loved the idea of sticking it to the man via GME but it didn't really hit me how important this was until today.  They fought back today and they did it through playing unfair.   This is no longer about the gains, this is no longer about my family, this is bigger than us   This is about class disparity, the wealthy versus the poor, or the common man/woman.   Tomorrow I'm going back in, and I don't care if it goes to 0 and I lose my money   There comes moments in life where you have to go beyond your own self interest but to benefit the collective and fight for the cause.  This is the retarded form of jumping onto a grenade to save others (but this could still have the potential of making you filthy rich)  I hope all   s who hopped out decide to hop back in with this is mind, don't even think about the tendies think about what's right!   EDIT: Much love and thanks for everyone who is supportive and willing to go back in, I just wanted to say this so people realize how powerful this movement is, I had a fellow autist reach out to me who was underage and can't buy any shares because of that, he/she literally offered to send me money to buy on their behalf. Understand how powerful this truly is!   I'm not taking the kids money but I did say I'll buy him/her a share and if it squeezes I'll send him/her the profit
The most important lesson I learned from u/DeepFuckingValue
is the smartest autist we all love. We watched as he bet it all on GME and went from $113k in Sept 2019 to $42k in Jan of 2020.    In March 2020 when the rest of the Market died, u/DeepFuckingValue finally started to see the light at the end of the tunnel and was upto $298k!!!!  But this is where many missed his true genius, His play started to pay off and he moved $103k to cash!!!  Over the next several months he used that cash position to keep up his GME play dropping back down as low as 26k cash and a total account value of $113k  again in July 2020.  I don't know how he stomached putting that 103k cash back into GME but it paid off.  By the end of  August 2020 things really got interesting. He is down to 8k cash but his account has rocketed to 600k value.  3 Weeks Later, His account hits   and he has moved $250k to cash, double his initial investment and from what we see has kept that cash since.  November 2020 he is upto $3million account value and $  in cash. He's done it, he's a millionaire and set for life. but he doesnt stop there, He hold his cash but keeps strong on his GME positions.  January 2021.  Now things get crazy.  GME explodes in the best possible way.  by January 22 his account hits 7m and he has   in cash. 3 days later $11m and nearly $5m in cash.  January 27, 2021. $47m and 13m in cash. DFV secured 13m in gains on his GME positions.  And the story isn't over. Januray 28th he dropped back down to $33m thanks to the manipulation and collusion by brokers and hedge funds. but he still has that 13m in cash secured.  We will see where he goes from here but I hope he keeps that $13m in cash(and eventually invests most of it in a diversified portfolio) And lives the financially independent luxury lifestyle he has earned.     In case you missed it, the lesson here is to secure profits along the way.  If we all get rich on the journey then it doesn't matter what happens after we cross the finish line.  DFV is a legend and we all thank you for sharing your story, and insights with us.     Edit: Fixed a date.
All subtleties aside, tomorrow either big money wins or they lose. It's all on how the individuals act.  ♾️
They conspired to drop the price, hiding behind walls and scheming.  No one here hides, we talk openly our thoughts on what and why.  Some agree some do not.  There's no consensus.  People did this forever, debating what stocks have value and how to invest.  We literally post on a public forum that makes money by selling our data to companies, and buy stock on an app that makes money by selling our data to companies.  The only thing that's 100% true is that big money decided to steal from retail investors.  They hope they did, but they won't know for sure until tomorrow.  How retail investors act in the morning will decide everything.      ♾️
An open letter to   down in the back and be quiet, this isn't about you or your terrible tabloid team with no foot in the game
This isn't about you, or your terrible article team. Sit in the back and watch in silence, as you don't have any room to talk.  We are here for 1 thing, a free and fair market. Is it really that much to ask for?  For decades, "Market Makers" run the stock market, while the little guy just sits there and plays with his small balances to make ends meet. Sometimes we're lucky, sometimes not.  Ever see the movie Space Jam?  Monstars vs the Loony Toons.  The roided up, guaranteed to win, have all the resources in the world   the average Joes.  But oh   we have Michael Jordan (our collective voice) and suddenly it's unfair!  So what, we might lose some money, we might have some issues, but this isn't about GameStop, it's literally about Free and Fair trading, for everyone.  Google a Free Market, tell me that's what we have right now.  Do it, I'll sit here and wait.
Case of today showed us a lot about brokers and the decision we have to make by choosing one
Europoor here and in germany we often use trade republic and we were just skewed just as you americans  Everything comes with a price - if anything is for free you pay with advertisement or INTEGRITY.  Our broker was a popular one because it charged low fees but guess what: they were the first one to sell us off  For my next broker integrity will be the most important factor: the SIMPLE request of BUYING and selling whenever I want for whatever price seems like the most obvious criteria because if this is not given what else can we take for granted?
FIRST OF MANY NEW ARTICLES REGARDING THE ROBINHOOD STOCK TRADING GROUP SHUT DOWN
TD AMERITRADE > ROBINHOOD
Get over ASAP. Trading was frozen today but just for your usual quick few minutes. (Option prices were ridiculous)   Robinhood froze everything while TDA was open most of the day. I bought in eod on GME due to the dip cause by RH. Everyone on TD bought in I guarantee it. Let’s get that RH volume over to a brokerage who will treat you fairly. At the very minimum, they didn’t freeze like RH and likely won’t given the RH roasting right now.  Ps I’m confident this dip is because the buying freezes across multiple brokerages the day before the Theta crush. MMs playing Pro ball. But they won’t succeed.   NOT IN OUR HOUSE.    GME $10,000
This fight is now bigger than GME! It’s a fight against short, against institutions!
Ok PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE listen to me before just downvoting because i’m not only advocating all in in GME!   TL;DR This fight is bigger than GME it’s now a fight against all shorts, so not only GME should be our main focus... all heavily shorted stocks should be in our focus! AMC, BB, PLTR, NOK   ALL SHORTED STOCK MATTERS  Position : sitting on 5 GME shares and 385 AMC   What they did today was criminal and people must go to jail for this.  I understand our biggest focus must be GME however I believe Wallstreet will get out of GME short because they know it’s the most memed stock and they will likely target other easy prey like AMC, nok and BB (there are more)   We need mega tread for all the main shorted stock to share DD and strategy to win this fight against the institutions and the shorts! GME IS ONE BATTLEFIELD but the WAR MUST BE WON EVERYwhere  I mean GME is the main event the main banner but this fight is bigger than GME it’s WSB against wall street shorts, institutional power that refuse that retail can win without them!   Thanks for hearing me out! Hopefully you guys don’t downvote me to urANUS because a lot believe anything other than GME is bad and evil....  I mean market cap are different and the impact can also be mighty elsewhere and EVEN MORE!   I believe GME to 500$ was already a huge statement!   We must continue  🖖🏻 guys and i’m still with you on GME but ALL SHORTED STONKS MATTERS  Edit 1: i’ve been around for 4 years i’m not newb here and over 20k Karma so don’t start telling me i’m a bot or something 😅  Also believe we should limit post under a certain karma level for a while to limit outsider influence  Edit 2: this week was only the start wait when they will fully unrestrict buying  Wait when the stimmy check gonna enter the markets THIS IS ONLY THE BEGINNING AND THEY WILL NOT SILENCE US THEY WILL NOT STOP US  Also get a fucking real broker pay 10$ your transaction and you won’t be prevented from buying EVER  Edit 3:  Not financial advice do your DD guys! So fuck you SEC 😅  Edit 4 you gotta watch this portnoy tweet    You think you playing football? No we’re playing basketball
Prediqt founder says Citadel was alerted ahead of time when RH was going to limit trading.
Schwab keeping it classy
RH users trying to buy the dip today
Indefinitely is more than $1000. GME literally can go to the moon
Not sure if anyone posted this already but I just wanted to ~~underline~~ bold the only thing anyone needs to see:      UPDATE: Peterffy calls Robinhood decision to allow 'limited buys' of GameStop troubling: 'I'm not comfortable'  6:30 pm ET January 28, 2021 (MarketWatch) Print     By Mark DeCambre     Thomas Peterffy, founder and chairman of  ., citing systemic risk as one of his biggest worries.     Speaking to MarketWatch on Thursday afternoon, Peterffy said that a    so-called short squeeze can go on indefinitely   unless someone  intervenes, and it has the potential to ripple throughout the market.     "It can take down the entire system, theoretically," he said.
Users from UK/AU/NZ/BR - You can use hellostake to trade $GME (Only stock purchase, no options, faster side of opening account) - Any others available?
The GME Big Side Play
Now, lets say hypothetically that next week GME=rocketship, the margin calls go out. All the hedge funds are forced to liquidate as they go bankrupt. Yay we win, big gains for everyone who diamond hands GME.  Now this next bit is for those of you who are too broke to buy shares of GME, or have a bit of side cash to make on another play (ex. after selling your BB). Seeing as how the funds have to liquidate, they will be doing one of the biggest selloffs in recent history. As a result the VIX will jump significantly. BUy VXX or VIXY calls if you think market is going belly up in the next week  Positions: 240 GME, soon adding some volatility calls
Politics and Potential Outcomes
Greetings fellow mouth breathers it's yer boy ~~Chimpu~~ Tsukune (BTW- Chimpu, where are you bro, I miss you!)  (No homo)     I've posted some crayon charts and TA about GME.  This time I'm not posting about TA or DD.  I'm giving you all some info about something I actually know about.  My actual line of work is in government relations - I've worked in government in different capacities for a long time and I'm now in the private sector.     I'm not going to doxx my fucking self but those hacks on CNBC would be shocked about who I am and who some of you - just hiding in plain sight.       Right now Citadel, Thomas Fluffer at IBKR, RH, and others who diamond handed all of you today are having internal meetings with their lobbyists to determine how to respond to a shockingly bipartisan condemnation of their bullshit.     If I was offering my services to one of these guys here's what I'd tell them:     1. You like money, right? 2. You like a fuck ton of money vs some money right? 3. You are such blackholes of greed that not even your secret underage Thai ladyboy hooker's jizz will escape the darkness of your shit pipe, right? 4. So here's how you keep the game going for you.  Take the L. 5. That's right- take the loss on GME. 6. Make personal calls to Congressional leadership and tell them that you were supporting the common man but that:    1.  "Your outcry was heard and we are opening things up to everyone to trade. We instituted many of these procedures in accordance with the   Government's own regulations.  And, while there was no wrongdoing whatsoever, we sincerely apologize if there was any breach of trust between America's economic institutions and working-class Americans who are the engine of our economy. We are conducting internal investigations to see if something went wrong and we will take appropriate action to ensure that every American has the opportunity to grow their wealth."  7. Then you let the squeeze happen. 8. r/walllstreetbets makes fucking tendies 9. Congress turns from enemy to friend (and you keep pumping those   contributions) 10. You lose a few hedge funds and write off the losses 11. You start a new hedge fund and re-employ your buddies again 12. r/wallstreetbets goes back to being quiet 13. Then you go back to using your gravitational greed hole to suck in everyone else's money and gallons of that ladyboy's jizz     That's how I'd tell the Wall Street guys to play it.  Take the tactical loss and continue your unending string of strategic victories and keep fucking Main Street America.     The preceding is not financial advice and is literotica for hedge fund managers to use when their Furry master puts out cigarettes on their nipples.
Wallstreetbets on TV! ~ Stonks! ~
If this is to end in fire, then we shall all burn together - GME $9999 🤚
My GME price target
My price target is 5k and although im no expert here are my reasons 1.Alright so I've been going to GameStop since I was a wee lad and they've gotten a lot of my money     my local gamestop theres a cute ass goth chick that works all the time     only go up   Thats it there's my DD    This last week has shown the "professional" wall streeters are worthless and wsb is the market now. Let a new reign of wsbetters control the market!  If I get a single award I will be pissed that money didn't go into GME  TO THE FUCKING MOON
Citadel has been using robinhood data to rob us blind for months. This is the time to reinvest in stocks that should have gone up, but didn’t.
Everytime WSB was confident about a stock, the stock would magically die. Citadel had the data and knew which stocks would trigger the biggest stop losses (aka the ones that redditors were holding in their RH accounts).  Anyone who was here months ago saw RKT die and stay dead for months despite incredible earnings and an unheard of P/E ratio.  This is market manipulation. Using user data to manipulate the price of a stock without the fUnDaMeNTaLS. CNBC is mad at us for manipulation when for months citadel shorted stocks that WSB heavily did research on. Fuck them.   shorts will now be scared of WSB and stocks with good fundamentals are back on the fucking table.   RKT 25c 02/19.   This is not financial advice. I just love home mortgages.
Thread for reliable alternatives that have allowed $GME trading without a glitch over the past week?
Literally every broker has stopped buy orders on $GME at some point. This shit is not ending on Friday. It'll be going well into next week as well. I think it's time we prepare ourselves this time.      So made a thread to pick out the ones we can use as alternatives to switch if one locks us out. The main criterion for users to shifty quickly are these  \- Instant/Quick Signup progress.   \- Instant/Quick Bank Deposits.   \- And of course, allows $GME shares/option purchase.     GME       HOLD     till $10K
Technical error gain, market order filled for GME at $2,600 a share
Please pay respect to R/deepfuckingvalue and where it all started. The myth, the legend, the visionary, the “is that a bird or a plane ? It’s the motherfukin D, Oh double G”
What happened today will set the future of retail trading
These clearings firms, brokerages, and "hedge funds" are testing their limits and today they wanted to see how far they can push them = In the name of "protecting investors" they stopped all buying on multiple securities and forced selling   at the same time on some of these securities you could still short sell, which is riskier than buying as you have unlimited risk) = We the people HAVE to make certain the authorities look into this and they enforce the rules. The SEC let GME get naked shorted through the roof and the guys that shorted are getting fucked. Now they are doing everything they can to not lose money =  If they get away with this, wealth inequality will continue to get worse, the 1% will continue to get bailed out and continue to manipulate markets how they see fit = What kind of obvious market manipulation do they have to do until you guys wake up and do something about it?  =
Daily Discussion Thread Part 6 for January 28, 2021
Part 6.  Wow - all of you are incredible      .    Reminder: Read the       and make sure other people follow them.    Try  , also accessible through the top bar.  For some cool info,
[GME] If you have in-the-money calls expiring tomorrow (1/29) you need to be very careful as there WILL be a halt going through closing.
I'm reuploading this as my last post had some slightly inaccurate info.   If you plan on exercising your option, then you have nothing to worry about. However, if you have a call expiring tomorrow and are planning to sell it before expiry,   listen up  . You cant sell options during a halt, so if there's a halt that goes through closing and you still have your call, its gonna be automatically exercised by your broker. NOW... if you don't have the money in your account to cover the forced exercise (many of us don't as that's $30,000+ PER CALL OPTION) you wont get any shares and now you're just down all that money. Plus your account could get suspended. The enemy knows this, and every option that dies this way is good for them, so I can almost guarantee they will do what they can to create a halt right before closing.    TL;DR: If you have an ITM call expiring tomorrow that you plan on selling (not exercising), do it well before closing or you may be very fucked.     this is not financial advice I just like the stock
Fucking coward, article:
Coworker had a limit executed of a little over half a share this morning for $5,  per share. I am convinced that $1,000 is absolutely NOT the top.
DON'T LET RESTRICTIONS FALL ON US! Protect our ABILITY to FAIRLY TRADE PLEASE
I realize their are alot of "petitions" going around, this  is different. Help protect our future!  I and others fear that the retail investor and small traders will take the brunt of restrictions from these events under the fabricated lie that we need to be protected from ourselves.  IF AND ONLY IF you invested in volatile stocks knowing and understand the intrinsic risk of investing in these stocks in A FREE TRADE AND FAIR MARKET that is NOT under criminal manipulation, please consider signing.  I stand by my trades and my risks involved in trading in what I and others have the right to understand as a fair market.  If you have suggestions for wording or additions please let me know!     SIGN:    EDIT: Please consider sharing this as well. We know that we don't make the laws and there will certainly be new laws regarding this. It's so easy to pin it on us; I can't speak for anyone else but I know my trades, my risk involved.
BNGO - 21k yolo
CEO SAYS YOU COULD TRADE OTHER TICKERS SO STFU
Paper hand support group. I decided to pick up extra shifts at work on 1/13, so I sold in AH on 1/12. Ended up getting COVID (I’m a Nurse). I was so close to quitting my job now sick to my stomach doesn’t begin to describe how I’m feeling. Anyone else retarded?
You should all be looking for RH alternatives
I will start by saying that I am not at all financially invested in the whole $GME situation. However, I have been watching with great interest and it has provided me with a lot of entertainment value. One thing that I cannot seem to find is a comprehensive list of all the various brokerages that have restricted trades of $GME, $AMC, etc.  However, in my view, Robinhood, WeBull, and Interactive Brokers Group (the three that I keep reading have restricted trading) have fully revealed that they are willing to hurt each and every one of you financially if you stand to actually gain money and you are the "wrong" person to gain that money. As such, my advice to the community is to be looking for a different brokerage.  Let's get a comprehensive list of those brokerages that have restricted trading and those that have not, so that users can move to any other brokerage that they want to, without the possibility for endorsement of a specific brokerage.
UPDATE - CLASS ACTION FILED (details, link to sign up in comments)
Still not selling. Down 20k could have paid off wife’s bf car note.
Glorious Irony: Check out Robinhood CEO's CNBC article that, posted 1 day ago, has already aged fantastically
\>  We all have a responsibility to encourage increased financial literacy. But we need to recognize that the greater danger to our society is not that individual investors will make the wrong decisions. More importantly, it’s that individual Americans will not be encouraged to increase their financial confidence or empowered to participate in the market at all. At Robinhood, it seems clear to us that the answer to the problem is not to limit access, but to find new and creative ways to teach people to participate responsibly. Otherwise, we reinforce the bias of a decades-long exclusionary pattern which has only recently been reversed into a positive direction.    \-  Vlad Tenev, 24 hours before blocking his entire userbase from trading the only stocks they're interested in.
Forever and to the moon!! Thank you
I just want to thank you guys. You have shown the world what a joke the market has always been, and hopefully change our system for the better. It’s time for the little guys to take back our economy, I wish for a true free market capitalism, and not crony capitalism that favors only the big guys at the top who have close relationships with our government that covers their asses whenever things don’t go their way. This is the most democratic thing that I’ve seen in my lifetime, and I’m so lucky to be able to be a part of it.   BUY, HOLD, GME AMC BB!!  Edit: and NOK!  I am not a financial advisor please do not take my advice.  WE LIKE STOCK!
BEST SHORT INTEREST DATA — SQUEEZE HAS NOT BEGUN!!!!!
Okay I know you all have ADHD, have the attention span of squirrels, and were raised on Porn and video games, but try to pay attention. According to S3 Partners, as of yesterday the total short interest of float was     This is calculated by figuring out   shares are borrowed and sold short on a tradeable FLOAT of ~50M shares, out of a total of   shares outstanding. Many shares are locked up with GameStop officers, or in passive ETFs and will not actively trade hands, hence the ~50M of the   shares issued.   HOWEVER, some folks calculate the tradeable float is closer to 25-30M shares, which would mean the short interest as a percentage of the shares available to trade is closer to 200-300%.   The SQUEEZE that could happen has not even started:     Wallstreetbets went from   users at the beginning of this week to   users TODAY. The breadth, scale, and speed of this is unreal. People still talk about how crazy the 99 tech bubble was, but that was when less than <1% of people traded options and probably less than <5% of total retail traders by volume existed, AND social media penetration was minuscule comparatively.   Given that this is now a populist issue with bipartisan support and massive celeb support — I really think GME fucking explodes and does go over 1000. The fallout could the a few brokers dealers or a clearing house, and definitely several hedge funds. It won’t get too out of hand tho bc the fed will just backstop anyone huge. Ironically it would almost be direct Fed QE to the masses, which is something they’ve never been able to do.   TO THE MOON MY FELLOW RETARDS
Billionaire Peterffy Worried About Integrity of Markets... more like billionaire worried about his friends. Such fucking bullshit answers
PSA: Fidelity has a page to request a full account transfer from Robinhood
1611910125
Took out large portion of $GME and going all in on BOING BOING BOEING $BA yesterday. DD Inside
DFV's afterhours speech to WSB after diamond handing today
My THEORY for the future of $GME and $AMC
Edit: I'll be writing more about the stuff on my more quiet subreddit where it's not too crowded:    If you're holding, hold even longer. Chances are that the stock is going to sky rocket.  Why?  Since most hedge funds have been shorting the stock and losing tonnes of money, there are unseen movements in the background which have reduced the stock price significantly.   This now allows these hedge fund guys to move in and buy stock in large volume, and keep the hype alive.  The stocks will then rise significantly, around $1k+ and then they'll sell to recover their large loss and make a nice profit.
Psychological Warfare Prep
Its literally whats happening.  Price swings from 420-136 and you see a house you could buy disappear.  You see those medical bills your family is underneath come back.  You see rent.  You see the price of formula.  The massive price swings are literally horrifying, especially for us.  So try to keep in mind that keeping yourself physically prepared to deal with it is part of winning this war.  All they've got is theatrics and price manipulation but its hard to watch.  So to get ready for the kind of war we're going into tomorrow:  1. Sleep if you can. At least get some rest. Your brain without sleep has poorer responses to stress and makes worse decisions. 2. Eat. Plan an easy breakfast. Remind yourself to eat too, the adrenaline is going to mask your appetite. 3. Monitor your substances. Your adrenaline will work as a stimulant, not need to pound red bull all day. Its just make you jittery and more vulnerable to their only weapon: financial horror and stress. 4. Plan breaks and places to do it where you're away from shit. Take a walk or a drive. Sit on the porch and spark one for 10 minutes while MM's try to scare you. 5. Visualization. Open your brokerage. Look at the GME price while breathing deeply. Now imagine it being $96 dollars. Keep breathing deeply. Now picture it being   Keep breathing deeply. 6. Definitely jerk off.  No matter what happens with the price take care of yourself. Don't let these ghouls get in your heads.  We got this.  Hold ~~til Pluto~~ through  .  EDIT: Thanks for the awards comrades!!! I'm honored to share the field of battle with you tomorrow. Added #5 and major oversight #6.
HOLD DON"T FOLD 🥂
Serious Question for Lawyers
Lawyers please check in. So yes, RH fucked its customers, but it also essentially fucked everyone else who had positions and sold. Sure    , but let’s be real.. some of us lost money or missed gains because of RH. For those who are not RH clients, can we sue RH for the damages they caused everyone affected? I still have skin in the game, but did lose money on the crunch. Their manipulation directly changed the dynamics of our trades in an otherwise fair market. I’m sure not alone. Do we have any options?
Let's talk about the endgame. In a previous post, I discussed the prisoner's dilemma that both longs and shorts find themselves in.
Link to previous post:     Here's the situation we find ourselves in. If we simply refuse to sell our shares, we force a transfer of wealth from anyone holding even a single share short.   What we have revealed is a completely broken market mechanic, where it is possible to have short interest over 100% of the float. This should be completely illegal. Mathematically and theoretically speaking, if all longs band together and refused to sell, the valuation of gamestop would be as follows: the sum of the net worths of anybody who holds even one single GME share short.  So what is the end game here? Other hedge funds have spotted this "game" and joined in with us. It's not going away. It doesn't matter if retail is blocked out at this point.  The end game is the government will have to step in and suspend GME, force shorts to liquidate until SI is below 100%, and then resume trading with a ban on having SI go above 100%.  Best part? The squeeze is still on after this. The equilibrium state of this game is 50% SI.  Thoughts, fellow autists?
CNN quoted me in their front page article on the WSB class action lawsuit
Why we're seeing some brokers restrict trading and Why you need to move to a self clearing broker.
So, This isn't the first time I and many of you have been fucked by Robinhood, but this will be the last time we're going to be fucked.  Robinhood and some of your other brokerages that have restricted trading on our beloved GME is because they don't use their own clearing houses. Clearing houses are required to leverage themselves every time you purchase or sell stock they take the opposite position till they can match you with a buyer and seller. They also charge fees to the brokerage firm (RH, WB, etc) to make that happen.  As the stock price is rising and increasing  Robinhood, We-bull, etc. Don't have the on hand capital to pay these fees and the clearing house that they all use doesn't want to take the risk. You can see in the link below that largely the brokerages that restricted trading uses Apex clearing. Apex clearing has failed us and we have to make them pay.   How do we make them pay. Move to a self clearing broker. Here's a list of self clearing brokers so you won't get fucked again as GME MOONS:  Vanguard  TradeStation  TD Ameritrade  Merrill Edge  Fidelity  E-Trade  JP Morgan  Charles Schwab     TLDR: Get off Robinhood/Cheap mobile trading apps and move to a broker that doesn't use 3rd party clearing. Link here:    GME TO THE MOON!!!     EDIT: Don't transfer your account till after the squeeze. If you are planning on buying more sign up for a new account with one of the above.
Restricted Markets = Low Volume Manipulation = Big Price Movements by Small Crowds
Texas 5th grader is    pussy
Tis a fine day to like the stock
Down 790k today. DIAMOND. FUCKING. HANDS. TO THE MOON GUYS TO THE FUCKING MOON.
The secret to world peace is a mutual hatred of Citadel
The Game Was Rigged From The Start
It ain't much, but it is honest work. With love from Canada
To short-sellers, why you shall give up, and let retards defeat you.
TL;DR   \ \ \ :\      Short sellers: please just give up. Retards are truly powerful. Any limitations for buying stocks will not help you out by any means.        To retards: retards simply buy and hold what retards are comfortable with. If retards take profit, they try to buyback whenever it dips to help other retards. Do not chase high, do not borrow money, just hold whatever retards are comfortable with. Be confident that any limitations for buying stocks will not harm retards.       Mod: I hope this story is not market manipulation as I really wanted to show this to short-sellers so that they do not go bankrupt. I just wanted peace and love. I do not refer to any stocks. I'm not good at any finance as I am retarded and people shall buy/sell securities with their own thoughts. I do not recommend buying any shares. People shall buy stocks only if they like them.       This is just a story:  There are 5m retards here, assume only 3m long a stock and retards are of equal buying power, each owning a little share so that retards will have 200% float, easy for any small caps.    Suppose the borrowing interest is 30% APY and 100% of the float is shorted.   So retards own all the float shares.  Then short seller needs to pay 30% of the float cap each year. Suppose retards money costs 3% each year and stockholders get 20% of the borrow interests. Then retards pay 6% of the float cap each year and receive 6% each year. Retards may say retards do not receive this money but   Retards money has no cost per year.   And any hedge fund who is longing will get this for sure.  Now, in this case, anyone who believes there be a 30% drop within 1 year will happy to borrow and short. However, everyone is willing to buy it as retards own it at no cost. Just another month’s rent.  Then, those are already shorting felt fuked. They are paying to short a company that never dips to “true value” in their mind. So they will buyback. Ironically, this short-sellers might just be buying another short-sellers' shorting share, so nothing changes or stocks go up.  In this case, the short sellers will be eaten up from the borrowing cost and have to buy in the end. Then, they have to buy from someone who is shorting, and they may want more shares than that, so they push up the price. Retards gained and do not incur any fees. Retards just watch them killing each other and push up the limit until someone broke and buying desperately. Then the stock will be pushed into the sky, and if retards never take profit, they can do nothing to retards! Retards still HOLD and incur no costs, like DFV, and only newer short-sellers suffer more and more. If the stock dips, retards will buy the dip and more short sellers will be fuked.       If there are any limitations for buying stocks, retards never lose a stock as they are professional bag holders. After the ban, more retards will be flooded in and short sellers will die even worse.       Therefore, as long as retards are truly retarded, short sellers will die one by one. Retards can take profit sometimes, as long as retards buy the dip ( if retards sell at 400 today, retards will buy the dip using the profits. Leaving profit on the table is the least courtesy. so that retards are owning more and more shares, 20% float, 30% float, 40% float, and retards all disallow new shares to be offered and short-sellers are just dead like a dog.)
Here's a list of Brokers you should know to avoid if at all possible
I'm creating this list here to keep a track of all brokers that have blocked trades on GME, AMC, BB, or any other trending stocks for the sole purpose of saving big investment banks. Even after this is over, I suggest, if possible, consider moving to a broker that will not restrict your purchases. Throw any more in the comments, and I'll update the post.  The list so far:  - Robinhood - Interactive Brokers - Webull  - E-toro  - Ameritrade  - Merrill Edge/Lynch - Trading212 - Etrade - Tastyworks   Jumped on board with Robinhood, but backed off  We need to set a precedent, if you stop people from trading certain stocks, you lose valuable customers.  Edit: A commenter below mentioned that the reason Webull blocked trades on GME was down to the settlement firm, Apex Holding. This may be the reason for other blocks, but no comments seem to have mentioned this with any broker other than Webull.  More info here:
As if the damage hasn’t already been done
RobinHood Dickhead Live On BloomBerg
Thank you DFV, and the rest of you Spartans for holding the line with me this last month. I still have 12k Stonks and I bought some options today that I am even not sure what they even do.
BB - Now you see why Wall Street wants to keep this under $15. Let's make them pay out all these contracts tomorrow. PT: $30+
Today.. Hedge funds were like "Oh yea, so... we forgot to hedge."
\ Calls Zombie Broker\   "Yo, we should hedge... can you disable the buy button?  Also... Sell all margin shared around 110-150.  Oh one more thing keep the buy button off until were sure our weeklys close OTM again.. thanks..  OOOOOH YEA ONE MORE THING.. We might ask for this again next Wednesday After hours, please stand by..."     The options were prolly even written by the funds that are shorting who finally decided to hedge by selling calls they thought would expire worthless.  Then that didn't work, then it didn't work again.. and now... because they own Robingsgood, they are strong arming them to keep price below max strike by refusing buy button. This is literally trying to control the market through use of a "zombie" broker. Serious shit. Someone better go to jail if this is true.      For real though, this is like multi dimensional market manipulation now... hedge fund to hedge fund, which was common im sure.  But Hedge fund to broker is new.       Get fucked. GME EZ 1k next week.    \-Small positioned, paper hander who sold to pay off CC's then fomo'd a few more shares before close yesterday and submitted a buy order overnight but canceled before open to wait for dip and realized the buy button got turned off.  Also, apparently obligatory DISCLAIMER: this is not financial advice but I'm holding a small position till at least 1k or zero and will buy more if they let me play more.  TD funds take a while to clear unfortunately.       Thanks.  PS I sold a 1/29C I bought at   for   and felt good about it at the time.  DIAMOND HANDS...  NOW!
Vlad got impaled
MT was removed by Robinhood two week ago. We want it back.
If all these tickers are coming back, can we get MT back?  Why can't I throw my money into MT which is a billion dollar steel company and Q4 earnings are expected to beat earnings projections. Most steel company's that have reported Q4 earnings  have beat earnings by over 50%.   MT was removed and people only had the ability to sell and not buy on RH which caused share prices to drop.   Steel prices have been increasing through out the year and MT is projected to beat earnings. Earnings happen Feb 4th.  Edit: I have another broker. It is the principle as eveyone says. Why was MT restricted and removed? They did nothing wrong and are complaint with all filings.  This is one of the World's largest steel producers.  For all the new WSB, steel prices are through the roof. Last time steel prices were this high were in 2008 and MT was trading at  $227.  Edit2: We have seen every steel producer post record earnings of over 50% and crush earnings estimates. Take MT to other platforms and buy steel up. Show Robinhood that we will take our business else where and don't need them to make the stocks we like fly. When news channels see this fly off  of earnings what argument will   wallstreet use against  this, that we are unsophisticated investors? no one will be able to deny the rise of steel gang. MT is in talks with Tesla to provide steel for their cars. Biden s infrastructure program is going to create more demand for steel. Since 2007 steel prices went down and are at the same level as they were before. This will fly high.
Chronicle in the making for u/DeepFuckingValue
Chamath calls out Robinhood hard!
Melvin Capital also tried to short Nintendo! - Ticker NTDOY
✊✊✊✊ Together We Can Do Anything! GME
Ladies and gentlemen, we are literally writing history RIGHT now. They will be writing about this in finance and history books for years to come. It is up to us what they will say. We are literally standing up against tyranny. Don’t believe me? Wall Street lost billions and instead of adapting or changing their strategy they had the fucking power to call their boys at the brokerage houses and make them prohibit regular people from buying shares of multiple publicly traded companies. They circumvented the fucking law to stop us and they did it right in the open. That’s tyranny and we have the unique opportunity to stand up to it under the public spotlight. The world is watching. Every news outlet, magazine, TV channel is talking about this. It’s not even about the money anymore. This is for every trader who’s portfolio got wiped out by the insurmountable short positions these giant funds take against us. This is for every mom and pop who lost their fucking pension in 2008 when Wall Street made INSANELY risky bets on garbage mortgage backed securities and then got cleaned out only to be bailed out by the very tax payers they nearly bankrupted. The big guys on Wall Street have been partying at our expense long enough, and I think you would agree when I say the fucking party is over! We have them by the balls, don’t let go of them yet. One day our kids will read about how a group of like-minded degenerates stood up against tyranny, under the eyes of the world, and WON! Hold the mother fucking line boys, we are almost there!!!!
Interactive Brokers Refuse to Lift Restrictions on GME
Kalen Holliday, 203-618-4069 or     Please contact their Media Manager (above) and voice your concern. Those with funds who are unable to transfer to another brokerage in time, are stuck with IBKR and are unable to join the cause        They are literally infringing on their own ToS and if you watched the chairman's interview on CNBC you might be seething with rage too. Help out those with IBKR
Here is a copy of the email Robbin the Hood sent all of its customers today for those that don't eff with them.
An update on market conditions         Hi John\_MayerMaynot,      "It’s been a tough day, and we’re grateful to you for being a Robinhood  customer. In light of the extraordinary market conditions this week, we  temporarily limited buying for   this morning.   Starting  tomorrow, we plan to allow limited buys of these securities. We’ll  continue to monitor the situation and may make adjustments as needed.       This was a temporary decision made to best continue serving you, and  was not an easy one to make. We know it’s led to frustration and  confusion, and wanted to provide some clarity.    As a brokerage firm, we have many financial requirements, including SEC  net capital obligations and clearinghouse deposits. Some of these  requirements fluctuate based on volatility in the markets and can be  substantial in the current environment. These requirements exist to  protect investors and the markets and we take our responsibilities to  comply with them seriously, including through the measures we have taken  today.    To be clear, this decision was not made on the direction of any market maker we route to or other market participants.    The past year in particular has shown us that the financial markets are  for everyone—not just institutional investors and hedge funds. We’ve  seen a new generation enter the market, and they’re sparking  conversations about what it means to be an investor.   We stand in support of you, our customers  . Democratizing finance for all means giving more people access, not less.    We’ll keep monitoring market conditions and will update this   regarding today’s events.    Thank you again for being a Robinhood customer. We’re so grateful for your support.    Sincerely,     The Robinhood Team "     Fuck, is that condescending.  You couldn't buy the stock, but you could sure sell it so the shorts could reposition.  These guys are A-#1-A cunts making a pathetic attempt at damage control.  As Scott Pilgrim said: "Dah-lee-ee-ee-te"
Stimulus and BB, AMC, and Nok. I like these stocks they are my childhood. You do you. I didn’t say to do anything. But focus on GME first.
I am buying OTM calls on at least 2 if not all 3 of these stocks with current money and if the stimulus ever gets around I’m buying shares with that. Not only are they also heavily shorted but these companies helped define some of our youth. The Nokia was the first phone some of us saw, the blackberry was the first smartphone, i remember going on the internet with it and watching porn and thinking “wow the future is bright”. Lastly, AMC I can’t let the theater experience die at least without letting them know I like there company. Anyways, I am not a financial advisor but yeah do you and do your own research and let the GME squeeze be in our favor.   Edit/extra:  Gonna say the only one I’m not sure with is probably Nokia. I’m good with BB and AMC my positions gonna probably be BB $30 call for april and my amc is going to be $20 call if I can get one for March. These are going to be my positions. Do your own research I am not a financial advisor.
$300k $GME   LIKE THE STOCK 😘
GME IS BEING ADDED TO INDEXES!
I noticed when GME got into the top 500 largest companies, it popped up on a lot of indexes due to algorithms (Russell 2000). Different indexes are now holding GME and these fucking boomers don’t even know it. Likely the old farts will sell the second they see how much it’s mooned. My question is, if the indexes automatically bought GME once they got big enough, could that potentially put a fork in everything? And what else could potentially be triggered by another run up?  4 shares @$230 cuz YOU don’t like the stock
Oh Shit Even Kids Have Diamond Hands!!!
Retail Who?
The proof is in the pudding. So you say retail investors are not making an impact on volume? The last 11 trading days of GME:   Date Volume (Shares Traded)   :- :-   13-Jan 145 Million   14-Jan 94 Million   15-Jan 47 Million   19-Jan 75 Million   20-Jan 33 Million   21-Jan 57 Million   22-Jan 197 Million   25-Jan 178 Million   26-Jan 179 Million   27-Jan 93 Million (First brokerages cave to Wall St)   28-Jan 54 Million (More brokerages cave to Wall St)    ## 🤔 I guess I must just be a retard who can't understand why shutting down a large swath of retail investors couldn't be considered market manipulation.
Robinhood CEO interview CNBC
Mod Appreciation Double-Down - Let's put our money where our mouths are and show some REAL appreciation for the hard working mods who keep this hallowed community alive!
(\[note - this is a repost, because I didn't get any mods the last time, so I'm upping the ante!\])     \[EDIT\]: It's come to my attention that mods can't take gifts. Charity it is! $25 each to Special Olympics and Humane Society already!    If it weren't for  , I would have never even THOUGHT to go in on GameStop stock. Now I can buy a new car in cash. None of that would be possible without this community, and this community wouldn't be possible without our mod team.  With all the shit our moderator team has dealt with the last week, let's put our money where our mouths are:  \#Any moderator who reads this and is willing to shoot me a PM with, I will send a $20 gift card to Amazon, UberEats, or wherever - or throw $20 of cold cash to the charity of your choice.    I challenge the community to do the same! Anyone else willing to pitch in?    Obligatory positions: 400 GME @ $20
We missed an opportunity   it we'll try again at 690k followers
COMMON SENSE: Addressed to the Inhabitants of r/wallstreetbets
THE CRISIS      January 28th 2021   These are the times which try men's souls. The summer trader and the sunshine YOLOer will, in this crisis, shrink from the service of GME GANG; but he that stands by it now, deserves the love and thanks of wives and their boyfriends. Melvin Capitol, like hell, is not easily conquered; yet we have this consolation with us, that the harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph. What we obtain too cheap, we esteem too lightly: it is dearness only that gives everything its value. WSB knows how to put a proper price upon GME; and it would be strange indeed of so celestial and article as the short squeeze should not be highly rated. Hedge Funds, with an army to enforce their tyranny, have declared that they have a right, not only to manipulate the market, but to force the average trader to accept them doing so. If being forced to accept this is not slavery, then slavery is a construct which does not exist upon earth.  Fellow WSB ladies and gentlemen.   DO NOT LET THOSE WHO SEEK TO ENSLAVE US BREAK YOUR SPIRIT OF INDIPENDENCE AND STOCK PRICE DETERMINATION.
History Was Made Today
Today was the single greatest day in the history of the Internet. Not just wallstreetbets and not just Reddit.    The whole Internet.   Sometimes, when you're in the middle of a battle, you forget to take a look around and see what's happening. I don't think everyone here has fully grasped just how close we came to losing today. This thing was   over.     We preach diamond hands, but we also saw everything that we've worked so hard for wiped out with the most blatantly illegal manipulation in market history. We couldn't buy. We could only watch as our beloved stock started dropping from the all-time high to a crushing low.   The people won't invest if they can't trust the market. And that's where we were. That's where I, personally, was. I was VERY close to paper handing and selling when we hit $112 (Sorry).   But   absolute   MIRACLE.     A distress beacon that went out from America's allies to the entire world will be remembered as the single greatest moment in the history of the Internet. You came by the tens of thousands from literally all corners of the globe. And many of these were purchases of only a couple shares of stock. Peanuts.   But together, you absolutely   OBLITERATED   the opposing force. We watched and could only cheer you on as you stopped the short attack in its tracks and then gained back everything they'd taken from us.    You guys single-handedly reached out to America and said, "We got this."   In case you didn't scroll through  , here are just a few of the countries that helped:  (I'm so sorry if I missed anyone - reply with your country and I'll edit to add you!)   - Canada   - England   - Ireland   - Germany   - Australia   - France   - Switzerland   - Italy   - Mexico   - Denmark   - Norway   - Finland   - Sweden   - Spain   - Portugal   - Pakistan   - Hungary   - Scotland   - Poland   - Kazakhstan   - Brazil   - Chile   - Lithuania   - Romania   - Singapore   - Turkey   - South Africa   - New Zealand   - Gibraltar   - India   - China   - UAE   - Hong Kong   - Kenya   - Japan   - Colombia   - Slovakia   - Malaysia   - South Korea   - Bulgaria   - Iceland   - Albania   You saved us. You saved Americans.   Thank you. We are forever in your debt.     EDIT     - Iran   - Greece   - Uganda   - Israel   - Wales   - Uruguay   - Netherlands   - Austria   - Taiwan   - Croatia   - Cyprus   - Slovenia   - Vietnam   - Lithuania   - Cost Rica   - Belgium   - Nepal   - Georgia   - Argentina   - Jamaica   - Puerto Rico   - Latvia   - Sri Lanka   - Malawi   - Iraq   - Philippines   - Peru   - Nigeria   - Kuwait   - Wakanda   - The Moon   - Mars
As a CPA, my instinct tells me to stay   inner autist however says GME to the Moon     Small position but I'm doing my part....
HOLD MY FRIENDS, THIS IS WHERE LEGENDS ARE BORN
We are all the way up
Lawmakers side with retail investors against Wall Street institutions !!!!!!! GME AMC BB NOK
Robinhood's email to customers after today is laughable
An update on market conditions  Hi \ \ \ \ ,  It’s been a tough day, and we’re grateful to you for being a Robinhood customer. In light of the extraordinary market conditions this week, we temporarily limited buying for   this morning.   Starting tomorrow, we plan to allow limited buys of these securities. We’ll continue to monitor the situation and may make adjustments as needed.     This was a temporary decision made to best continue serving you, and was not an easy one to make. We know it’s led to frustration and confusion, and wanted to provide some clarity.  As a brokerage firm, we have many financial requirements, including SEC net capital obligations and clearinghouse deposits. Some of these requirements fluctuate based on volatility in the markets and can be substantial in the current environment. These requirements exist to protect investors and the markets and we take our responsibilities to comply with them seriously, including through the measures we have taken today.  To be clear, this decision was not made on the direction of any market maker we route to or other market participants.  The past year in particular has shown us that the financial markets are for everyone—not just institutional investors and hedge funds. We’ve seen a new generation enter the market, and they’re sparking conversations about what it means to be an investor.   We stand in support of you, our customers  . Democratizing finance for all means giving more people access, not less.  We’ll keep monitoring market conditions and will update this   regarding today’s events.  Thank you again for being a Robinhood customer. We’re so grateful for your support.Sincerely,The Robinhood Team
TD Ameritrade says so....
Michael Burry knows the deal
We shouldn't be surprised about RH! Trade-off between free commission broker and a broker with high fees...
Hello fellow   fellows,  in my opinion it is naive to think that cheap-commission broker are the best solution.  Our dear leader Chamath said once (not literally): "if you dont pay, chances are you are the product instead of the customer"  we got cheap commissions but we lost integrity because those broker get most money from somewhere else - if chocolate hits the fan you see who they will stick too even though the backlash will be horrendous. Are they to blame? Not really - they have employees and such but holy crap it's the system and the mentality that it went this far.  I will change to a broker with higher commission for the rest of my life if it secures the integrity to BUY and sell whenever I want - because this is the LEAST I can expect... or let's now say I WANT to expect  What do you think? (please justify the discussion flair)  no financial advice guys  TL;DR: to clarifty: if you dont pay for your transactions your broker will fuck you for money from other people  /edit: big long on GME around november at 16$  (og autist) and  I am NOT selling despite this being life-changing money because of PRINCIPLES  /edit2: I am europoor and thought RH was the only broker without commissions... in germany we got trade republic which is widespread and is one of the most spread and cheapest brokers but we also got fucked hard  excuse my drunk self for being so naive - it was a hard day  maybe i should say "low commission"?  /edit3: change whenever you think you have no integrity and it can fuck you over, despite paying the fees - therefore RH sucks
I was watching the GME situation from the sidelines, but...
I am joining tomorrow. This is completely unacceptable.   Would this be done if BABA mooned for days? Does this mean that I may not be able to trade my holdings randomly whenever people decide?  I've read this sub in detail every day for years. Everyone knows the risks. We don't need protection from ourselves. I will happily blow 10% of my portfolio on FDs on a company I have never heard of just because some guy with a username of dicksinbags with flair of anal god told me to.  I'm hopping in tomorrow. I do not care if I lose money. I consider it a donation to charity, and a good one at that.   Wallstreet is out of hand. Far out of line. I am buying retardedly far OTM FDs and I will 10x or hold to 0. I accept both outcomes.   Godspeed retards.
Robinhood Issues & You
In the early morning trading hours of today Robinhood issued a statement that prevented buying the following tickers:  $AAL, $AMC, $BB, $BBBY, $CTRM, $EXPR, $GME, $KOSS, $NAKD, $NOK, $SNDL, $TR, and $TRVG.  The reason stated is:"In light of recent volatility, we are restricting transactions for certain securities" (src:    They also raised margin requirements for accounts.  Many of you have equated this to a behind the scenes deal with Citadel, one of the primary sources of revenue for Robinhood. (Src:      However, I propose an alternative, and equally frightening possibility.   Robinhood made a risk management decision, based on a potential, or impeding liquidity crisis for Robinhood.  Robinhood mentions this in their updated after hours statement:  "As a brokerage firm, we have many financial requirements, including   SEC net capital obligations   and clearinghouse deposits. Some of these requirements fluctuate based on volatility in the markets and can be substantial in the current environment." (src:    SEC net capital obligations essentially requires brokers (like Robinhood) to hold a certain amount of net capital (net worth) to cover the money it owes to both its clients (That +$5000 you see on your open equity position) and the individuals on the other side of it's client's trades' (That -$5000 you see on your option value). (Src:    Robinhood also just drew down multiple lines of credit from multiple lenders. (Src:      Why is this a problem for you?    If Robinhood is having liquidity problems, which it appears they are, it may it difficult for them to meet their NC requirements.   Which means, if their liquidity problems worsen, it may make it difficult for them to pay clients (Robinhood users) when they close their position.   (At +%20000 of course)  This is not the first time high volatility has caused Robinhood to have liquidity issues, that resulted in restricted trading. It however, is the first time they choice to restrict equity purchases for cash accounts.    If I were a Robinhood user, once this all settles down, I would consider using a different broker for my trades, one that doesn't have reoccurring liquidity issues.          Addition:   If Robinhood is your current broker and you wish to continue to trade in the short term you are stuck with Robinhood. In the long term, consider alternative brokers.  TL;DR- Robinhood appears to be having problems with low liquidity (cash money) which likely resulted in their decision to restrict trading on highly volatile equities. This isn't the first time Robinhood restricted trading due to liquidity issues, probably wont be the last, consider who you are letting handle your money.  \ --    All thoughts my own, entire written work is an opinion, does not constitute financial advice.
My sad GME story.
so this is a bit of a sad story. I talked about missing out on this squeeze on an earlier daily thread but   in November 2019, I bought 300 $8 April 2020 C contracts looking for this squeeze and lost about 12k as they all expired out of the money. I had a few hundred left and I bought $15, $17, and $20 January 15 calls in April 2020 with a total around 70 contracts. After the Ryan Cohen news, this thing moved from around 4-6 to about 10-15 and I sold off my 17 and 20 contracts for pennies.  I held onto my $15 calls (35 contracts) and when this hit $  bailed and profited 21k. I was thinking about going back in, but I was furious as the shorts would not let up and I basically gave up. For a few weeks, I thought I made a great call by selling at the top but boy was I wrong. I took out 5k to give to my parents and to buy an engagement   im sitting here with 0 shares and the entire world is talking about this. I made some bad trades in the past but holy   could have changed my life.  I tried to unsubscribe from WSB and taken GME off my watchlist because I couldn't take it. I was in this since before the beginning and now everyone is making insane amounts of money while im crying in the corner thinking about all the what if's. IVE HAD THIS CONVICTION FOR OVER 1 YEAR AND I DIDNT BUY JUST TO SEE WHAT HAPPENS. I can't take it anymore and so I just added a few thousand to my account and will be going all in when I'm able to buy.  Wallstreet fucked up, and they don't want to take responsibility. Although ill only be making a fraction of what I could have   in this with you guys. I want to punish the shorts for their insane amount of greed. Now we are 5 million retards strong and STILL GROWING. We are a force not to be reckoned with.  FUCK YOU WALLSTREET, FUCK YOU ROBINHOOD, FUCK YOU HEDGE   GONNA SQUEEZE EVERY LAST DOLLAR OUT OF YOU.  GME TO FUCKING $5000     EDIT  Been reading your messages, I fucking love you guys. fuck $5000, this is going to be biblical.
The fucked up part about Robinhood restricting meme stocks
Is that whatever punishment they will get in court, by the media, is nothing compared to how much money they're getting by kissing these big firm's asses.  All they needed was a single day of Robinhood manipulating the stock market, forcing people to sell stocks (this should be illegal), for the big firms to recoup of all of their losses. It doesn't matter if they open trades again on Friday. All of the firms have already made their money back. Damage has been done.  And the SEC fine (and lawyer fees) of 3 cents or whatever the fuck it's going to be once they inevitably lose in court is nothing compared to how much they just made this day.
Fuck Robinhood CEO
This turd is on CNBC right now trying to explain why he limited access these stocks today. Those assholes had a liquidity problem - won’t admit it - and that’s why all of you got bent over today. I’m with Fidelity so I didn’t feel your pain but this guy is so full of shit.   Because he offered margin but didn’t have enough themselves he told all of you that you could only sell to cover his ass not yours.   I hope you all are able to recoup something from this asshat.
All respect for Charles Payne at FOX Business
EUROPE BROS LISTEN UP: Today Is The Day. It's A Zero Sum Game Between Us and Melvin. You came out for us yesterday and we need you again today. Here is where you can buy GME. Good Luck, and POWER TO THE PLAYERS   🤲
Robinhood CEO COMPLETELY RETARDED
I am watching Vlad Tenev on CNBC Fast money - right now he stated they are going to re-enable the trading of GameStop and other securities.  But he will not admit why he restricted in the trading whatsoever!!! “Not a liquidity issue” “Protecting our customers” “No one else’s choice or influence” “Trouble with closing houses but not that either” this guy is fully retarded and he’s terrifyied! I’m fucking all in with my paper hand AMC/NOK gains.  GODSPEED FROM CANADA  Edit:  WE HAVE THE MOMENTUM WE BUY AT OPEN WE HOLD THE SQUEEZE HASNT EVEN HIT YET IM SEEING A SHORT FLOAT OF 120% A COUPLE SHORTS BAILED BECAUSE THEY KNOW WHATS COMING!!!!
Lawsuit Against Robinhood for GME WallStreetBets Stop
Interesting video not sure if it was posted here, from youtube channel Drew Page. One of many coming lawsuits for Robinhood (although i dont think it is solely who we should be going up against, but it is a start).   Describes it here:    Actual lawsuite:
“I Feel Like Clorox Did During the Pandemic”
AOC bringing on @chamath on Twitch tonight @ 8:30EST
Things are reaching the right people quite quickly. Unfortunately, some damage has been done already. I can't imagine what happens to $GME and other stocks as soon as platforms allow for them trade again... (and assuming that happens.) AOC helping the people! How about they stop the hedge funds from trading their shorts for a few days?
We are Jack Sparrow and at the end of the day it is personal.
Yeah right! Blatant BS!
We should rage against Robinhood, but we should rage even more against people pulling the strings behind Robinhood.
There is no way I will ever believe Robinhood locked out people from buying of its own accord. There is absolutely no reason to not even allow people buying on cash. And there is no way all the brokers decided at the same time to do the same thing to 'protect the investors'   Whoever pulled the strings killed two birds with one stone - slowed the melt up, and pushed Robinhood, the very symbol of retail investing, under the bus. I got to admit that was a masterstroke. They definitely specially singled out Robinhood to do this, knowing the likely fallout. And we know it's not Melvin. They are not big enough and don't have that much leverage.  Robinhood, you done f'ed up. For some pittance (to the real big money) of revenue, you are now the fall guy. You are getting dragged into public scrutiny. Lawmakers will make an example of you, and use this excuse the legislate new laws against the new breed of no fee brokers. You betrayed your whole purpose for existence - democratizing of investing and level the playing field for the little guys. You are probably done for.  See how no politician is talking about who is behind the brokers, pulling the strings? They don't want to mess with the big money. Now the big money has given them an easy target, everyone is piling on the Robinhood hate bus. New laws will be enacted to prevent this from happening again, no, not to prevent greedy HFs from shorting and killing companies, but to prevent the new no fee brokers really leveling the field, and prevent forums like WSB from fighting back. And it will all be in the name of free market.  Robinhood, the only way you can redeem yourseld is to come clean, to blow the whistle and turn witness against who was behind the whole thing. But that's not going to happen. There won't be any hard evidence, any proof. It was probably just a phone call, no email, no text. Nothing to prove. Maybe even a mid level manager gets to be the scapegoat and go to minimum security prison for supposedly helping a buddy and they were just a rogue actor on their own.   What can we do? Fucking hold. Hold. And hold some more. Hold until they bleed all they can bleed. Hold until 0 or moon. Hit them in the only place that matters to them, in their wallets and accounts.   And every time you see someone jumping on the bandwagon and tweeting about hating Robinhood, comment and ask who was behind Robinhood and why did they do that. Always remind people Robinhood is not the final boss, and who we are really up against.
FUCK YOU!! WEBULL...... OR LITERALLY ANYONE ELSE.
Allow him to testify? Or move to Cash App? Swipe for insider testimony?
is TDA limiting me to in the money strike price Calls? i retard, wtf am I looking at here? where are the pie in sky rockets like 400 strike price , 600 strike, etc??
Congrats to those who weathered the storm today in $GME.
For those who got shook out or liquidated, I’m truly sorry. The fuckers hiding behind CNBC bull shit interviews and concerned with keeping themselves wealthy and fucking the little guys struck a major blow today. But we get up, we dust ourselves off and we fight harder. Tomorrow may be just as insane or uncertain but we’re just getting started and these sadistic market manipulators aren’t off the hook just yet. Long and strong with 191 shares.
DD on Klein’s new Rocket the new Tesla
GET TF OUT OF ROBINHOOD
EDIT: PUTTING THIS AT THE TOP. DO NOT TRANSFER OR SELL SHARES OF GME BB NOK etc. THEY'LL BE FROZEN FOR MULTIPLE DAYS.  As we all know Robinhood, along with many other brokerages, wouldn't let us buy our favorite stonks today.  Just a few hours ago Robinhood and Webull reversed their decision, probably after they saw the backlash. DO NOT GIVE IN!!!  We said we were leaving RH and goddammit they're going down with Melvin. GME was on the menu all day at TD Ameritrade, Schwab, and ETrade.  IF YOU HAVE SHARES OF GME, NOK, BB, PLTR, NAKD, ETC ETC DO NOT SELL OR TRANSFER THEM. LIQUIDATE ANYTHING THAT DOES NOT HAVE HIGH SHORT INTEREST AND TRANSFER IT OUT OF ROBINHOOD.  As for our favorite stocks, you can transfer them, but won't have access to them for a few days. So just keep those on RH until they squeeze.   APES TOGETHER STRONG!!!      Edit: Let me be clear, DO NOT SELL OR TRANSFER GME NOK BB NAKD etc UNTIL THIS IS OVER. But liquidate everything that's not one of those.  Edit 2: Vanguard and Fidelity are also good to go.  Edit 3: Mixed reports on ETrade
Robinhood sent me a half assed apology email, here is my response
FIRSTLY HERES THE EMAIL SENT TO ME. SCROLL DOWN FOR MY RESPONSE   It’s been a tough day, and we’re grateful to you for being a Robinhood customer. In light of the extraordinary market conditions this week, we temporarily limited buying for certain securities this morning. Starting tomorrow, we plan to allow limited buys of these securities. We’ll continue to monitor the situation and may make adjustments as needed.   This was a temporary decision made to best continue serving you, and was not an easy one to make. We know it’s led to frustration and confusion, and wanted to provide some clarity.  As a brokerage firm, we have many financial requirements, including SEC net capital obligations and clearinghouse deposits. Some of these requirements fluctuate based on volatility in the markets and can be substantial in the current environment. These requirements exist to protect investors and the markets and we take our responsibilities to comply with them seriously, including through the measures we have taken today.  To be clear, this decision was not made on the direction of any market maker we route to or other market participants.  The past year in particular has shown us that the financial markets are for everyone—not just institutional investors and hedge funds. We’ve seen a new generation enter the market, and they’re sparking conversations about what it means to be an investor. We stand in support of you, our customers. Democratizing finance for all means giving more people access, not less.        -MY RESPONSE          -  "You're talking BULLSHIT. Every part of that is BULLSHIT. You didn't do this to protect investors, you're protecting corporation and hedge funds. Gamestop specifically hedge funds tried to force them into BANKRUPTCY to gain for themselves, you didn't look out for gamestop to stop them losing money you're stopping the mega billionaires from losing money plain and simple because they WERE WRONG. Ive fucking lost money myself. Where's my protection? Why don't you stop me from losing money? Because you let me make my own fucking decisions like you should let them live with there's and mind your own fucking business. This was one god damn time I was supposed to WIN and you FUCKED ME."
Stop letting (some) people who have never spoken up for "us little guys who get screwed in this market" to get free clout from this sub...
Moving my positions out of Robinhood - you have choices
After this debacle of a fuck stick, I want to share how I am moving my assets out of Robinhood once and for all. My buddy set me up with TradeStation, who BTW did not limit any trading at all. While it may be a hassle to set up at first, it seems that things will work just as smoothly there and you have better options for trading.  I am also signing up for Tastyworks as well because why not diversify both my holdings! I was looking at WeBull but fuck them... they are just another Robinhood. They too will shut your shit down.  I am not looking for referrals but just wanting to share options with you all that are out there besides Robinhood. Robinhood shows they are an investor run company and their investors are people who will shut down our trades. I'm not telling you to leave Robinhood, but if you want this shit to happen to you again and it will... you will want to switch.  I am not giving out an financial advice or information. This is purely a move I am doing. No link or referral. You autists and retards can figure this shit out on your own. I trust that. No need to upvote either - just sharing so you guys know.     EDIT: I am not selling anything until this is over. I will move afterwards. I will 1. Close out all my stocks and then buy back in at my designated place of landing. I repeat - I will not close out my positions until the final drop of blood has been spilled.
Look, we're being reasonable here...  ‍♂️ (DEMANDS)
FUCKING BROKERS FUCKING RETAIL AGAIN
I lost 20k today due to their platform not accepting sells, limits, stop losses, staying cancelling in a loop.  I placed a stop loss at above break even then decided to modify it under it was stuck like this. Then the position went way down . And couldn't sell or do anything . Then I put a limit sell down.  It didn't went through or couldn't sell or anything. I was stuck with the shares. They went up after and closed green, still couldn't sell or do anything and my market order was stuck doing nothing (stock was very high volume). The after market closed, at 21:04(it even says in their app it executed at that time) It shows my position sold at the limit loss put half an hour ago.    I WAS STUCK with money due to their bugged platform. I have screenshots of everything .   THIS IS FUCKERY WITH US AND WE CANT LET THEM FUCK LIKE THIS  Not related to GME or stuff like that  I have seen many others had the same problem today and fucked them   Edit: I had a useless stop loss at   when the stock was over 2 and it dumped under   , stop loss didn't trigger , couldn't modify ,couldn't place another one due to "not having the securities " as they are stock in their limbo system when you place limit sells and stop losses and not let you place other ones until old ones are cleared. They weren't clears thus I lost a lot due to this. Stock was NYSE and had over 100m volume , so it wasn't liquidity. Is their platform being bugged and it costed me an extra 15k in losses because my first stop loss was stuck and couldn't modify it or re open it. I emailed them a complaint requested my money back to the amount which I bought the shares.   I am willing to go middle way with them accepting the difference I lost due to my first stop loss not working caused by bugged platform.  You can't fuck people's money due to your system being fucked and not have repercussions. What if your broker fucked you for 200k due to their platform being fucked.   It doesn't matter if is 2$ or 20k , is your money and they shouldn't let shit like this happens with you compensating for it. They win money from CFD and from spread , it is not charity  They can't offer a faulty product and us losing money because is not working. Watching the dump on you while you can't do shit is painful    Proof:                       This   shares after market closed 21:00 uk        Me At market close, owning the stock :
WE'RE NOT GONNA SELL IT! NO! WE AIN'T GONNA SELL IT! (with sound in comments)
☎️ LIVE CNBC STREAM FOR ANYONE WITHOUT CABLE TO SEE ROBINHOOD CEO INTERVIEW @ 6:50EST ☎️
Can’t collapse because we only hold around here. God I hate these people
Peterffy Admits to Market Manipulation?
u/aellh wanted this posted:  "Can we PLEASE bring some attention to this:  Thomas  Peterffy, CM Interactive Brokers, just said on Bloomberg short  squeezing is ILLEGAL, and they CLOSED OUT POSITIONS FOR THEIR CLIENTS,  most of which were SHORT. This is just ADMITTING MARKET MANIPULATION?  Don't allow BUYERS, but still CLOSE HEDGE FUNDS SHORTS?     interview roughly 2h 30m ago"  I am the middle man, u/aellh can expound more     I clipped the part in case it gets lost;    Too lazy to crop but nothing really important to see
How to Punish RH.
I assume everyone knows RH banned buying, but not selling of certain stocks. GME, AMC, NOK. Even if it's not illegal, it's evil. We have to punish that to the greatest extent we can. They can never be forgiven for the manipulation they engaged in today. A list of brokers that engaged in this corrupt practice should be made.  If no one has already addressed this, I propose the following rule changes to punish them:     1. Screenshots from any of the identified brokers of balances, gains, losses, positions, are banned forever. There is a 1 week grace period as of the date the rule is established. Move your funds to a decent broker now. 2. Violations of this rule result in an immediate temporary ban. I suggest it be extremely severe. No commenting, and if possible, do not let the violator even access the sub for a month.   3. The second violation results in a permanent ban.
This dick is on Bloomberg News right now pretending his speaks for this sub.
The system
"How many millionaires do you know who have become wealthy by investing in savings accounts? I rest my case." -Robert G. Allen.  The game is rigged. The tax code was made to keep the working man working; earned income (the income you earn working a normal job) is the worst type of income tax-wise. They don't want you to retire. They want you to work until you physically can't work anymore. This was by design. They want you to stay poor so they can stay on top.  FUCK the system. More people need to wake up and realize that the game was rigged against them from the start. The government doesn't give a FUCK about you, your kids, or your community. Regardless of party, their only motivation is self-preservation and gain. The Elites of this country have never changed.  For those holding GME, I'm assuming your gains (if any) are unrealized. This is great!! For substantial gains (over $200,000, where the Net Investment Tax kicks in) consider creating an S corp and transferring your positions there before realizing any profits. This way, you can pay yourself a "reasonable salary" and dividends. Dividends are taxed at a flat 15% and the salary is taxed as normal income with additional medicare tax. Generally, if you made over $200,000 expect to pay about 20-25% in income tax as opposed to the 30-50% rate depending on which state you live in and how much you made. I'm not a CPA, but I do know that there are serious ways to mitigate taxes if your gains are unrealized. If you pay the normal rate you're playing into their hands. We play by their rules now.  Talk to a CPA soon because the tax year resets every April and these corporate filings have deadlines.     Positions: 3 shares GME           Edit: The title should be "Their System"
I am William Wallstreet and I see a whole army of degenerates here in defiance of tyranny
Stay suspicious folks - the sharks are circling this community looking for a chance to take a bite
After a day like today, everyone with an agenda (monetary or otherwise) will be viewing this sub like an undervalued stock with massive short interest. You're seeing all sorts of high profile people coming out of the woodwork who are "on our side." Some might be honest, some might not be. Just remember that, if this sub can move billions of dollars with pure retard energy, it can do a lot more than that if given a nudge in a particular direction by someone clever.  Take a deep breath and trust nobody but yourself and your fellow apes.  positions: long AAPL, PLTR, INFN, MSFT, EXPO, GM  edit: literally just got a PM from someone "launching a wallstreet bets trading app" >:
STATUS OF GME CALLS EXPIRING TOMORROW (USES MATH)
Currently, GME has 97,098 calls expiring tomorrow, that are currently ITM. That is 9,709,800 shares that need to be bought, by the sellers (usually MM), by the end of the day.  Todays entire volume was just 57M, mostly retail.  At 500/share this becomes 11 million shares. Theres absolutely no way they cover all that. That is over 2 billion dollars worth of buying, at 230/share.     at $500/share.     Rumor has it that at $600, Melvin goes tits up and get a margin call. Meaning they liquidate, and buy back their short.
How Melvin Capital's Sugar Daddy Avoided Jail
This assholes gonna come on TV and try to justify himself.    👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻
This guy sums up the situation perfectly. We’re doing God’s work.
Former Chair of the Federal Reserve, Ben Bernake, is a Senior Advisor for Citadel LLC.
The rise of Vengeance Capitalism
GME  👏 Gang I am beyond proud of what we have accomplished today but we can never forgive those who brought us to this point.   We now need to turn our focus the offensive  How can we punish these MMs, Hedgefunds and others involved in today’s fuckery?  This is an call to arms and suggestions are most welcome.   Here’s a thought. Tomorrow, we load up on OTM calls expiring tomorrow, hold them through expiry no matter what and exercise every motherfucking last one of them....   We force the shorts who wrote them to buy shares if they haven’t covered those contracts and initiate another massive squeeze.   Not financial advice but GME $4,
Posting this to remember what it feels like being fucked by these hedgefunds. TOMORROW WE FEAST.
Robinhood posts excuse for today on their blog
"This past year, we’ve seen the financial markets become a voice for the voiceless. We’ve seen a new generation of people come into the markets, sparking conversations about what it means to be an investor. Our customers have shown the world that investing is for everyone—not just institutional investors and hedge funds.  Amid this week’s extraordinary circumstances in the market, we made a tough decision today to temporarily limit buying for certain securities. As a brokerage firm, we have many financial requirements, including SEC net capital obligations and clearinghouse deposits. Some of these requirements fluctuate based on volatility in the markets and can be substantial in the current environment. These requirements exist to protect investors and the markets and we take our responsibilities to comply with them seriously, including through the measures we have taken today.  Starting tomorrow, we plan to allow limited buys of these securities. We’ll continue to monitor the situation and may make adjustments as needed.   To be clear, this was a risk-management decision, and was not made on the direction of the market makers we route to.   We stand in support of our customers and the freedom of retail investors to shape their own financial future. Democratizing finance has been our guiding star since our earliest days. We will continue to build products that give more people—not fewer—access to our financial system. We’ll keep monitoring market conditions as we look to restore full trading for these securities. We will update this Help Center article with the latest changes.   We are deeply grateful to our customers."   Edit: I'M NOT SELLING  I'm 50/50 with robinhood and ameritrade. Can Ameritrade be trusted? I saw they limited some GME plays today but I was able to buy shares all day. Leaving Robinhood when this settles.
They have the audacity to talk about freedom... (Robinhood)
We are witnessing a slaughtering of gods. (full video w/ audio in comments) HOLD THE LINE
Yung Quant - GME [Melvin Capital & Citron Diss] (Official Music Video)
GME Sold for $2600 per share for me today
Congress might do something for once
Unfortunately, it seems Mama Janet Yellen won't be of any help to us. Let's at least hope she keeps the printers well oiled
NEW TD OPTION RESTRICTIONS link here
Infinity squeeze
On 3 separate halts today (that i personally witnessed) the lowest ask was more than $1k (one time it was even 9k check my profile for proof)  Iv seen multiple people claim that they had sell limits at ridiculous prices ($900, $2k) that got filled moments before halts and they provided evidence for it too.  The stock was going parabolic moments before brokerages disabled the option to buy, then it tanked. None of us retailers are selling, any volume you see is 99% artificial price manipulation from hedge funds selling to eachother - but its not actually helping them lower the float percent that theyre short on.  It’s going crazy tomorrow boys the liquidity on this is fucked we own an insane amount of the float and weve held the line thus far. weve seen with our own eyes just how easily theyre hitting ask walls. Hold Hold Hold   edit for exposure: SET UR SELL LIMITS INSANELY HIGH OR DONT HAVE ONE AT ALL. YOUR BROKER CAN SELL INFO ON UR SELL LIMIT TO THE HEDGE FUNDS AND THEY CAN USE THAT TO CO-ORDINATE BUYBACKS AT LOWER PRICES BY HITTING SELL LIMIT WALLS  ALSO IF POSSIBLE DONT ALLOW YOUR BROKER TO LEND UR SHARES  edit2: proof courtesy of u/Ivorypetal
Wall Street Still Has At Least One Bullet Left
TL;DR at the end.  Today showed what many of us already know - the billionaires, the market makers, the people running the game are absolute cowards who can't handle losing. When we lose money, it's fine, but when they lose money they are allowed to unplug our controller and use some cheat codes to get themselves closer to being back in the green.   I've seen a number of people suggesting that this is it, they're out of ammo, but I don't think that's true. I suspect tomorrow is going to be even more blatant, even more obvious, even more open in how they manipulate the market.  I think tomorrow they turn off the console and rip the cord out of the wall. I think we will see similar manipulation to what we saw today when the price crashed from $500 to just over $100 in a matter of less than an hour. I think we will see strong sell offs to get the share price under a certain target (perhaps $100) and then we will see a full day trading halt for the stock. Stocks can be halted by exchanges when "market manipulation" is occurring or suspected to have occurred.   The fact that it's the big players doing the manipulating doesn't matter, in theory the stock could still be halted for any amount of time until the exchange is satisfied.     Why would they do this?   If they can move call options from ITM to OTM, they don't need to buy those shares. This will help further suppress the share price, as well as fucking anyone who was holding those calls.    One quick caveat   \- it's possible the backlash today from politicians, celebs, and the average Joe might make them think twice. It's becoming clear that, at the very least, these bastards are going to be put under a microscope for what happened today. They may not want to risk it again tomorrow. Additionally, for this to happen I think they'd need to get the actual stock exchange on board, which might be harder to do than some brokerages. On the other hand, they are going on TV and laughing about doing illegal things, so maybe they will.    TL;DR:   Diamond hand this bitch harder tomorrow than ever before. If you think Wall Street has thrown in the towel, you're dead wrong. I think we're going to see more red than we have this week. If you're holding calls that are just barely ITM... I wish you luck.  Positions: None in GME, will be liquidating some non-GME positions tomorrow to buy shares.  Disclaimer: This is not investment advice, it's just my opinion on what might happen. I'm very clearly retarded and have no idea what the hell I'm talking about. Maybe this is satire?
BBC's GME Article   "It's a generational fight, redistributive and all about robbing the rich to give to the millennial 'poor'."
Rage Bought 21 Shares at $350 this Morning
I don't like the GME Gang. They've taken over the sub, any discussion of Nokia, Palantir, AMD, was taken as distraction and downvoted. However, what happened today was UNFORGIVEABLE.   I started the day delighted my Nokia calls were up 150% but Robinhood of all fucking brokerages banned trading on Nokia? Nokia that has every fundamental going for it and +5% is a big move for? My calls tanked to -70%. Its clear that this is war.  I trade shares on Revolut, one of the only apps that not only allowed trading on Game but didn't treat us like children by telling us to be careful with Game. I've made $  from trades on here the last 2 months, I sold my AMD at open and bought 21 shares at $350 for the message, I dont care about the money. I'll wear this 27% loss as a badge of honour for now, I'll replace it with a gain soon.   .
FOCUS ON THE REAL ENEMY: STEVE COHEN & CITADEL   THE SMOKING GUN
Brothers, we need to stop looking at the brokers and realize who the real enemy is: Citadel, and especially Steve Cohen. Read his Tweets and think about what he did today. He fucked over millions of people to the tunes of (likely) billions of $ of gains. And while his plan was unfolding, he posted numerous tweets taunting us while in our moments of pain, fear about our country, disbelief in the reality of our world, etc.     He was sitting back in his chair and enjoying watching his plan unfold and taking pleasure in inflicting hurt on millions of us. Do you people realize how creepy and fucked up and sadistic it was to send those Tweets today?     "I’m not feeling the love on this site today . Trading is a tough game . Don’t you think? "     "What are you talking about? I unequivocally deny that accusation. I had zero to do with what happened  today Btw, If I want to make an additional investment  with somebody that is my right if it’s in the best interest of my investors  Chill out"     Please realize how careful these words were chosen. "If I want to make an additional investment with somebody that is my right...." HE IS TAUNTING US ABOUT THE SYSTEM THAT HE IS MANIPULATING AGAINST THE REST OF THE WORLD.     Based on Robinhoods response regarding their balance sheet, Cohen/Citadel SET IN MOTION the events that would force brokerages to shut down trading on these tickers, opened a position, and manipulated everything into their favor. Based on their insider knowledge of Robinhood and other brokers order flow, they had direct information about the potential that these brokerages would need to (at least) temporarily shut down trading to settle their balance sheets for protection.
Fuck the hedge funds
1611904410
Fellow WSB autists listen up. Get your paper trail in order now before it disappears like your ability to buy GME did this morning.
Here’s the class action suit:      Page 4 line 26-27:  ——————  “26. Plaintiff brings claims pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23 on behalf of the following Class, as defined below:  All Robinhood customers within the United States.  27. Additionally, or in the alternative, Plaintiff brings claims pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23 on behalf of the following Subclass, as defined below:  All Robinhood customers within the United States who were not able to execute trades on GME after Robinhood knowingly, willfully, and purposefully removed it completely from their platform.”  ———————  On your RH go to your statements and history section.  Pull up your orders to purchase and orders to sell shares or options of GME that executed. At the bottom there is an option:  — View Trade Confirmation —  Click this and email this to yourself for EACH AND EVERY INTERACTION you had with GME on RH.   They are suing on behalf of all RH users. This will prove your position as an active GME trader who got taken advantage of by RH today.   I am with you all to the end. DFV is in, I am in    Elon and others are tweeting, I will hold. At the end of the day we can expect them to continue to break laws, and do what’s in their best interest. Have your paper trail ready.   Oh and you’re all fucking amazing. Let’s get to the     🌖  Obligatory: not a lawyer, this isn’t financial advice.  Edit: Not just GME. Get this for each stock that was systematically cock blocked today.  Edit 2: Not sure if this will eventually include the other stock tickers that were also hidden and/or lost the ability to buy. Currently this document only names GME. Be on the lookout for other law suits or possibly an addition of others to this one. Again, not a lawyer but optimistic that we have a case.  Edit 3: screen shots of how to get to the transaction confirmation.
Did you lose GME money today? Read this.
So a lot of us lost money today. I’ve seen a fair few posts about how much money has been lost and quite honestly, I’m among you in the pain when you feel like you regret not taking money off the table but we move on.  What matters is the sentiment and power behind the force that sent this stock to $350 - $500 in the first place.  Assuming that you’ve been in GME since < $100, you are still in profit by a considerable amount and you still have more buying power than you did when we first started.   Some of you haven’t sold a single share and that takes some serious guts to hold on considering the day we have had with multiple swings from $190 to $490, up and down all day.  The only thing standing between successfully squeezing the shorts is the ability for new investors to buy. The ones who are currently holding and refuse to sell are doing all they can to make sure that we do our part to continue the fight.  TLDR: You likely have more buying power than when you first entered your position and just because you lost money today, doesn’t mean this over.  Hold strong
SHORT SQUEEZE FEVER!!!! HOLD STRONG MY FRIENDS THIS IS JUST THE BEGINNING
Template to send your Congress Person
Hello Congress<MAN/WOMAN> <NAME>, I am a resident of <CITY/DISTRICT> and I need you as my representative to call for an investigation into securities market manipulation by large hedge funds colluding with affiliated brokerage houses to cover the losses of their reckless short selling.  As you have likely seen in the news, retail investors have found a number of companies that they believe in and who have been the targets of relentless short selling by large hedge funds. These include GameStop, Blackberry, and Bed, Bath and Beyond, among others. A number of large hedge funds took notoriously risky short positions on these companies, in GameStop’s case short selling more stock than had been issued on the market, effectively forcing these companies towards bankruptcy for their own profit.  But when a number of individual retail investors decided to take the other side of their trade and bet on these companies' recovery, the hedge funds decided they could not handle the risk they had signed up for. A number of brokerages affiliated with Citadel, who purchased a stake in Melvin Capital, one of the short sellers who took on the largest and riskiest positions, have ceased allowing their customers to buy shares in these companies in the name of controlling "volatility." It is an utterly transparent move to help the hedge funds cover their positions at the expense of retail investors, yet another version of the inexhaustible Wall Street bailouts.  This is blatant collusion and market manipulation by large Wall Street firms happening right now and it cannot stand. I demand an investigation into these unfair practices. Congresswoman Tlaib of Michigan has publicly called for such an investigation and I am asking you to give her your full support in the endeavor to protect our markets and individual investors.  Thank you,<NAME>     Credit: /u/Slipperyjimminy (It was removed by mods when he originally posted it)
The somewhat boring reason it appears that Robinhood yanked trading on some securities
Live footage of GME on January 28th, 2021
Barron’s boomers are becoming self aware
Is this GME price fockery seen in AH?

Report Trading212 to the FCA!
Same situation as Robinhood in the US.   Report T212 to the FCA to get these bastards to stop fucking us over!  I quote:  Email us  Contact our team via email at:     EDIT:  As per my understanding of a similar thread over at Trading212, it was suggested to also report this as an official complaint to compliance at this address:     with this wording:  Dear Trading 212,  I wish to make a formal complaint about the services that you failed to provide today by setting GameStop ($GME), and various other stocks, to a reduce-only mode. I can only imagine the thousands of customers that have been affected by this unilateral decision to limit your customers' ability to trade freely.  In this complaint, I highlight the areas in which I believe you have violated the Share Dealing Service as well as bring up other questions I have related to your actions on the stocks mentioned above.  //   We shall provide the services using reasonable care and skill, but you acknowledge that we shall not provide you with any advice on the merits or suitability of you entering into this Agreement or any Order.  You have not provided the ability for me to buy shares in GameStop ($GME). Also, as I understand it you have done this in the "interest of mitigating risk for [your] clients". In doing so, you have effectively provided advice / deemed it unsuitable for me to carry out an order. I have already agreed to the Risk Disclosure Notice where you state: // "We shall not offer you any advice or recommendation regarding the suitability of any investments with us, and nothing we send or tell you should be interpreted as such. We do not provide investment, tax or trading advice. Our service is "execution only", meaning we will not advise you on any transaction, nor will we monitor your trading decisions to determine if they are appropriate for you or to help you avoid losses. You should obtain your own financial, legal, taxation and other professional advice as to whether CFDs or Shares are an appropriate investment for you. We may provide you with factual information in relation to our products, their potential risks, or about the financial markets in general; in doing so we shall not have assessed your individual circumstances."  Again, because of your "interest in mitigating risk for your clients", you have effectively determined that the trading decisions are not appropriate for me  //   We will act on your behalf to execute your Instructions to Deal as Principal.  You have refused to allow me to give instructions and thus have not acted on my behalf to execute said instructions.  Under section SYSC   Systems and controls of the FCA handbook, and per your contract with me, you are my agent and are to carry out my instructions regarding my securities. By taking it upon yourselves to restrict which stocks I can buy and when I can buy them, I believe you are breaching this contract. I, therefore, believe you have failed in your responsibility to me as your customer and want to know what you plan to do about it.  //   We may assess the appropriateness of certain complex products for you by reference to your knowledge, experience and understanding of the risks involved. We shall warn you of this if we think the Transaction is not appropriate for you. You shall be solely responsible for your decision if you decide to proceed with the Transaction after receiving our warning.  I have not been solely responsible for this decision as you have set the symbol $GME to reduce-only mode without allowing me to override the appropriateness you have decided for your clients.  //   We shall not accept Instruction to Deal when: the relevant market is closed for trading; or you do not have enough money in your account to execute the Transaction; or there are events described as “Force Majeure” in Clause 25.  You have refused to receive Instructions to Deal due to factors inside your control, none of those set by clause 25. If there are additional reasons such as intermediaries not allowing buying, this should have been stated in the notice. Furthermore, there should have been contingency plans in place.  I have some worries that the terms in clause 22 related to share lending involves a conflict of interest. Due to the high short interest on $GME, it is likely you are lending my shares to an entity that benefits when the price goes down, which is helped by the fact the stock is in reduce-only mode on your platform. I have no evidence that this is the case, but may submit a freedom of information request to find out more details about the shares of which I am the beneficiary, if you could provide further information in response, I'd appreciate it.  In the meantime, I am left with assets that I may decide to adjust my position on, without a way to fully engage with the market.  If your response is unsatisfactory I will be escalating this complaint to the Financial Ombudsman.  Regards,
GameStop, BlackBerry stocks sink as Robinhood, Interactive Brokers restrict trading
Live on CNBC Thomas Peterffy (Billionaire, Founder, and Chairman of Interactive Brokers) admits halting trading to "Protect ourselves"
ROBINHOOD KNOW THEY FUCKED UP BIG TIME
ROBINHOOD MESSAGE TO USERS    It’s been a tough day, and we’re  grateful to you for being a Robinhood customer. In light of the  extraordinary market conditions this week, we temporarily limited buying  for certain securities this morning. Starting tomorrow, we plan to  allow limited buys of these securities. We’ll continue to monitor the  situation and may make adjustments as needed.   This  was a temporary decision made to best continue serving you, and was not  an easy one to make. We know it’s led to frustration and confusion, and  wanted to provide some clarity.  As  a brokerage firm, we have many financial requirements, including SEC  net capital obligations and clearinghouse deposits. Some of these  requirements fluctuate based on volatility in the markets and can be  substantial in the current environment. These requirements exist to  protect investors and the markets and we take our responsibilities to  comply with them seriously, including through the measures we have taken  today.  To be clear, this decision was not made on the direction of any market maker we route to or other market participants.  The  past year in particular has shown us that the financial markets are for  everyone—not just institutional investors and hedge funds. We’ve seen a  new generation enter the market, and they’re sparking conversations  about what it means to be an investor. We stand in support of you, our  customers. Democratizing finance for all means giving more people  access, not less.  We’ll keep  monitoring market conditions and will update this Help Center  article with the latest changes. We also published a blog post regarding  today’s events.  Thank you again for being a Robinhood customer. We’re so grateful for your support.  Sincerely, The Robinhood Team"
I LIKE THE STONK - SOME   AND SOME MOTIVATION!
First, to get you in the mood for my retarded math. I just posted this as a comment regarding the brokerage blockages today but thought it was good enough for a post as it'll likely get buried in comments  It's funny, I guess often moves like this work out the same way, but I am starting to thing of the Robinhood move as a hidden blessing. If we did not already have people's attention \ we sure as fuck do\ .  I've noticed that most people felt it was fine watching a bunch of retards throw themselves and their life savings against the wall of corruption that is Wall Street. - \ Hey! Look what these fucking smooth brained moron's are doing! HAHA Yea, fuck wall street!\   But then..... They had a chance to see just how dirty Wall Street is willing to play. This isn't an episode of fucking suits, this is real fucking life, yet the plot is juicier than anything that suits came up with. Now people are sayin - \ Hold on, their just a bunch of retards trying to take the penny off the bottom of your shoe... Why you have to hold their hands back while you kick them in the nuts!?\   These same people and now standing up for that injustice.... How are they doing it?   They are buying gamestock.   I bought an extra 25 shares today that I had not planned on buying. I know several other friends and family who bought 1, 2, or 10 shares   because they saw the stonk and they liked the stonk because stonks go up and $gme is a great stonk.   With the weight of the world behind us we will break this fucking wall, we will defeat wall street, and we will   watch papa Elon launch a fucking rocket into space with the gamestop logo on it when $gme hits $420,     #  HOOO-RAH YA FUCKING RETARDS, LETS GET THEM!!!!! GME to the moon                   # Now, for the math:  Please, keep in mind that I am not a financial analyst.... Not even close. I am a smooth-brained autistic retard and this is my first time ever getting actually deep into a trade. I actually just fully made up this math and hope that it's correct. My brain is so smooth that numbers actually generally make sense and I feel the numbers hold up. Data is from the options buying page on my brokerage (Virtual Brokers), I beleive the delta values to be up to date (assuming those move with the market) but I am not sure about open interest as those are not (?) updated daily.  I took the data from my brokerage and put it into excel. I thought up a simple euqation to try and calculate how much is short right now. That equation is show in the image below (hope the embed works) and is as follows:  1-delta (if Delta is 1 then it is 100% covered) X open interest (calls outstanding) X 100 (shares per contract) X (Current Price - Strike)     <blockquote class="imgur-embed-pub" lang="en" data-id="a/FCWPeze" data-context="false" ><a href="\\\ " charset="utf-8"></script>        ((Link in case embed does not work:)     This calculation shows us something neat:  # If we sit at $500 a share it will be just under $500 million worth of delta short to cover and about 2,000,000 in shares to buy to cover the execution of ITM options.     # At $350 a share, it is $195 million and   million shares to cover.  #
The tale of the squozening
The year is 2040. You sit around a fireplace with your children on a cold winter's eve. They are not related to you by blood, but you have decided to raise them. Your wife and her boyfriend are on their monthly date, and won't be coming home anytime soon.  "Let me tell you all a story that took place 19 years ago. We called it, the squozening," you start, as you sip from your martini glass filled with yellow Gatorade. It's a tale you've told them countless times. Your autism prevents you from hearing the sarcasm in their voice. You're convinced they like hearing about it.  "... and that's how it happened. Shares rose to an ATH of $69,420 as shorts scrambled to cover their positions. I was indeed a bagholder as CNBC had so warned. A bag worth millions," you smugly finish off. Your children are browsing memes in their heads, not listening to a word.  It's time for dinner. You decide to take the kids to Wendy's for old times' sake. To avoid social interaction, you go via the drive-thru. You order four tendies, and tell them to make them extra crispy. You like extra crispy.  As you drive around to collect your food, you hear a sound from behind the dumpster. Could it be? You roll your window down and hear grunts. You drive further up and see the silhouette of 4 large men and 1 skinny dude.  You recognize the skinny dude. It's Gabe! He's been working extra shift behind this dumpster since 19 years ago, and you see that his middle-out technique has been perfected over the years.  You collect your food from the window and reach for a tendie as you drive off. You bite into it. It's extra crispy, just like you wanted.  "Heh, winner winner chicken dinner," you mutter to yourself, as you drive off into the distance.
Robinhood traders get BS update from Robinhood. Here it is.
"  An update on market conditions  HI "redacted",  It’s been a tough day, and we’re grateful to you for being a Robinhood customer. In light of the extraordinary market conditions this week, we temporarily limited buying for certain securities this morning. Starting tomorrow, we plan to allow limited buys of these securities. We’ll continue to monitor the situation and may make adjustments as needed.   This was a temporary decision made to best continue serving you, and was not an easy one to make. We know it’s led to frustration and confusion, and wanted to provide some clarity.  As a brokerage firm, we have many financial requirements, including SEC net capital obligations and clearinghouse deposits. Some of these requirements fluctuate based on volatility in the markets and can be substantial in the current environment. These requirements exist to protect investors and the markets and we take our responsibilities to comply with them seriously, including through the measures we have taken today.  To be clear, this decision was not made on the direction of any market maker we route to or other market participants.  The past year in particular has shown us that the financial markets are for everyone—not just institutional investors and hedge funds. We’ve seen a new generation enter the market, and they’re sparking conversations about what it means to be an investor. We stand in support of you, our customers. Democratizing finance for all means giving more people access, not less.  We’ll keep monitoring market conditions and will update this Help Center article with the latest changes. We also published a blog post regarding today’s events.  Thank you again for being a Robinhood customer. We’re so grateful for your support.  Sincerely, The Robinhood Team"  I'm dumping them harder than GME dropped from overnight highs and left them a nice apk rating and review for on my way out.   Cheers, tards.
A brand new account just sent me a DM and asked me to share the next secret trade that we wanna push... Mods, is there a way to report these kind of new accounts?
This was the whole message:  "Hi, it might sound stupid, but I have a question for you. I am aware of how trading works and I have heard at the news about what happened with GameStop. My question is: I want to get involved in this as well, I know how to do it, but when do we find out what's the next company who has short big bets against it so we can buy shares? Should I follow the new posts on this wallstreetbets channel? If you could please let me know what should I follow so I can buy shares in the next one, if you know what I mean. Thanks"
30 Seconds From Triggering Market Nuclear Bomb
I'm glad this place has quieted down enough for some actual DD written by a monkey with a keyboard and Adderall.    Disclaimer: I am that monkey.  Let me explain to you what happened, play by play.  I will give you illiterates who hate reading a spoiler up front:   __We were within approximately 30 seconds of triggering a nuclear bomb that would have blown up the market.__ Do I have your attention?  Here goes:  1.	⁠Yesterday, new call option strike prices were added all the way up to $570.  Do I have to go over gamma squeezes again?  Really?  We've been over this: when deep out-of-the-money call options start being gobbled up and the price starts moving towards being in-the-money, the call writers have to hedge their risk of having their sold calls exercised, typically by buying stock.  This creates upwards pressure on the market.  We've been seeing these movements all week. 2.	⁠Yesterday after market, you probably saw that coordinated effort to drive the price down and spook retail investors into a mass sell-off.  It didn't work. 3.	⁠Last night, Robinhood sent out a message to users: you could no longer enter into new options.  You could exercise them if you had the collateral (money in the account) to do so.  Very interesting and the first sign of pants-shitting fear. 4.	⁠Today, the market opened very strong.  It opened so strong that we were looking at a self-perpetuating gamma squeeze all the way up way past $570. 5.	⁠At approximately 9:58 am, the stock had reached $468 in a parabolic move. 6.	⁠Two minutes earlier, at 9:56 am, Robinhood tweeted that they were not allowing users to buy GME stock, but they would allow selling. 7.	⁠The trend instantly halted and started a collapse downwards, before picking up a bit, especially after some retail was allowed back in.  Okay, now that you are clear on the facts, understand this: The market ran out of liquidity today, or was threatening to get close enough that they killed it.  What does that mean?  It means they ran out of shares and/or capital. They wouldn't let you buy new shares because we were burning through all the shares on the market.    __I saw an unsubstantiated post from a user (  per share. Do you get the severity of the situation, if that's true?__ It means the buying was getting to the point where it was just about to put INFINITE pressure on the price of the shares.  It means virtually any ask was getting bid.  How do you get infinite upwards pressure?  A gamma squeeze triggering the mother of all short squeezes, just like we predicted.  The call writers need shares to hedge.  Retail is still buying more.  The short sellers need over 100% of the float back.  Add these together.  There were more shares needed than existed on the open market.  That's what a liquidity crisis is.   , so they took their ball and went home.  DO YOU GRASP HOW INSANE IT IS THAT HE SAID THEY NEEDED TO SHUT DOWN BUY ORDERS TO "PROTECT THE MARKET"? Hello!  He's not talking about the market for GME shares.  He's talking about the entire market!  The New York Stock Exchange.  The NASDAQ.  All that.  Remember the movie Snowpiercer?  Do you remember that scene where the lower class people realize the soldiers who oppress them have no bullets?  Go to the 1:00 minute mark of this link:    It kick starts a full blown rebellion.  They have no bullets.  It's the exact same in this market:  No capital.  No shares.  Infinite losses inbound.  __TL;DR: For all you who will just skip to the bottom to ask, "Do I get my tendies now?" the answer is this: they NEED NEED NEED your shares.  Do you get that?  HOLD.  Like the guy in the movie, scream, "They're out of bullets!" and create a s .  That's how we win.__  They needed your shares so badly that they literally risked PRISON TIME to get them.  They tried robbing you, and I'm not even exaggerating.  They were within 30 seconds of all being wiped out today.  Credit: u/PlayFree_Bird
New York Attorney-General “reviewing” Robinhood blocking the buying of GME
RH review that aged like milk. Also they appear to have a high rating in the App Store...
To the soon-to-be millionaires:
I encourage you to reflect on the situation ahead, before the inevitable windfall comes and alters your mind. Some might call this manifesting, but I call it hedging against the lottery-curse. (I’m not even going to tell you to hold or not, because it’s so painfully obvious what to do... )  Many of us are about to witness the greatest redistribution of wealth in modern history by the end of this quarter, or as soon as end of next week. Many of us will benefit. Many of us will become millionaires.  Before the bills (and taxes) get paid, the luxuries get   the strippers test negative for COVID... take a look across your spheres of influence.   I’m not saying to start throwing fun coupons at people (seriously, you probably shouldn’t tell anyone of your gains). But there’s probably family members, friends, coworkers, or neighbors in your community that have/are suffering deeply from the pandemic, just as you have. They’ve been carrying on, business as usual, rolling with the punches. Corporate America and the Government hasn’t been looking out for the hard-working folks. Maybe you can, at least for a moment.  There’s so many ways to uplift those around you or your community. It could be a financial donation to a charity or community initiative, but maybe not. Hell, the extra time that comes with your early retirement could be spent just checking in on people in your   how their doing, connect them others, bake them a fucking   a good human to other humans.   The pandemic has hurt a lot of people, financially, physically, and mentally.   It’s one thing to YOLO your life savings and beat the system.   It’s another thing to YOLO your time and energy to alleviate the damage caused by system.     ...   Then back to business as usual; $ELY in Q2.    ⛳️🏌️‍♂️  Edit: I hope Gabe Plotkin is my caddie.  Edit 2: Seriously, don’t risk $ you don’t have plz. Debt sucks.  Positions:  GME shares @ $28, 4/16 $30c  ELY shares @ $27 2/19 $30c  (Not financial advice. Invest at your own risk. Scared money doesn’t make money)
Remember Who They Are
TL/DR:    I know there's a list going around of who currently (at least throughout the trading day) allows trades, and that's a huge help! Moving forward though, I think it's very important we remember where these companies stood. A few hours ago I  . By request, I'm making the post so more people could have the chance to see the link.  If you'd like to have companies added to it, please leave a comment in the cell you believe it should fall under. I'll check this from now through at least the weekend and make updates.
Milton Friedman - Enemies of the Free Market   A Tale as Old as Time
PA Attorney General Josh Shapiro sides with WSB
Bullish thesis for Taiwan Semiconductors Manufacturing
Semiconductor demand is off the charts right now. TSM is getting more orders than they can fill.  One of the concerns with foundries, from a fundamental perspective, is the potential that the high capital costs with expansion can cause the foundries to be underutilized during periods of dormancy in demand. Which historically may have been true, but as we surge forward as a society technologically, semiconductor demand will only increase and increase and increase with time...computing demands, graphics, autos, IoT,   has a wide lead with HUGE barriers to entry with foundries.  Bullish checklist:  1. Incredible demand for semiconductors, unlikely to dwindle soon.  2. Monopoly on market share (54%) / world leading production capacity.  3. partnerships with the best fabless firms, apple, amd, nvda, etc.  4. industry leading in technological advancements - ahead of the game on 7nm, 5nm, 3nm, and 2nm r&d  5. not significant antitrust risk as they focus purely on manufacture of semiconductors and have not been trying to buy out other biz  The main risks imo are below:  1. geopolitical risk, literally getting caught in a war/raid between china/us in the semiconductor arms race. &   2. intellectual property theft. Something that I don't think would fatal to them considering the barriers to entry with semis.           Links for your own research. Position: TSM shares + 7/16/21 145c
Most Useless Ad of All Time - GME
Statement from Robinhood on their absolute fuckery
An update on market conditions  Hi Retard,  It’s been a tough day, and we’re grateful to you for being a Robinhood customer. In light of the extraordinary market conditions this week, we temporarily limited buying for certain securities this morning. Starting tomorrow, we plan to allow limited buys of these securities. We’ll continue to monitor the situation and may make adjustments as needed.  This was a temporary decision made to best continue serving you, and was not an easy one to make. We know it’s led to frustration and confusion, and wanted to provide some clarity.  As a brokerage firm, we have many financial requirements, including SEC net capital obligations and clearinghouse deposits. Some of these requirements fluctuate based on volatility in the markets and can be substantial in the current environment. These requirements exist to protect investors and the markets and we take our responsibilities to comply with them seriously, including through the measures we have taken today.  To be clear, this decision was not made on the direction of any market maker we route to or other market participants. The past year in particular has shown us that the financial markets are for everyone—not just institutional investors and hedge funds. We’ve seen a new generation enter the market, and they’re sparking conversations about what it means to be an investor. We stand in support of you, our customers. Democratizing finance for all means giving more people access, not less.  We’ll keep monitoring market conditions and will update this Help Center article with the latest changes. We also published a blog post regarding today’s events.  Thank you again for being a Robinhood customer. We’re so grateful for your support.  Sincerely,  The Robinhood Team
Gabe Plotkin Discusses Bouncing Back From Failure
Not sure if anyone posted this here, but yikes
Foxx is saying that what Reddit is doing is illegal and that Robinhood is only doing what it is to avoid an investigation.
The "illegal touting" from Reddit is why Robinhood closed the stocks he says. Last I checked, anyone can just leave the subreddit if they feel like they are being pestered, so where is the touting here? Fox trying to defend this actions is disgusting, and even if what they said was true, you aren't allowed to break the law to avoid an investigation for you breaking the law.  Edit: Changed the link to make the formatting work. Also, it could just be the reporter from the video saying it, but it's still a crock of shit.
I will be buying $GME shares tomorrow with the intent to hold them forever, and I hope you do to.
I've had many proud moments within this community but this current moment will forever be my proudest. By identifying a blatant inefficiency within the market, you all have exposed a corrupt financial system for the entire world to see. And it was all done in a non-violent, civil, and legal manner.  Unfortunately, we will be the ones who face the consequences. I am not disillusioned, I do believe we will ultimately lose this battle because it is banks, hedges, firms, politicans, billionaires, and corrupt regulatory organizations that we are up against. Tomorrow as a personal protest, I will be buying shares of GME that I plan on holding until the day I die. My hope is that many around the world will join me, and this will not only push $GME up to $5,000 a share, but also forever turn $GME into an international symbol of what can be accomplished when the little investor gets tired of being fucked. You did good autists, you did good.   $GME 5000C 01/29
Saying we should have known the risks is disingenuous
Saying we knew the risks is disingenuous.   When buying a stock you shouldn’t have to anticipate a clearly co-ordinated worldwide effort to block the buying of GME and other stocks on all brokerages.   I’m in the   and tried to buy on, trading 212, Revolut, Hargreaves Lansdown and eToro, none of them would allow me to buy.  This was clearly arranged, how can we be expected to believe that they all just decided to do it at the same time independently.  (Revolut have since allowed me to buy, but only after the price had gone rapidly down)  And the fact this wasn’t just in the   and the platforms I was trying to use, the fact that buys were blocked across the globe shows me that it was a concerted effort to drive the price down; clearly it was decided that if no-one can buy then the market will just build up sell orders.   It’s changing the rules whilst the game is in play and so totally ridiculous to claim that it was a risk we should have been aware of when buying.  If it’s a risk we’re supposed to be aware of then how can anyone have faith in that system.   The scary part about this is it was not done in secret, nor has any real noteworthy attempt to hide what’s been done taken place.   It’s out in the open, as if they don’t care that we all know they have done this.  I think that’s almost the worst part about it all. When their behind the scenes underhand methods didn’t work, they just came out in the open and did it in front of everyone, acting as though they are immune to any repercussions.   I don’t have any faith that they will face any real repercussions from their actions.   So I feel it is up to the people in the markets to act so they feel the repercussions.   Certainly buying shares like GME where possible now could help in the short term.  Decentralised exchanges might be a good way to go in the longer term.   I have no doubt many might disagree but the weird internet coins or the blocks and chains foundations could help in some way pull control out of their hands and back into the masses. Although no doubt they would find ways to take as much of it back.   I did start writing this as a small reply, and just to this post, but I think I will copy it and put it up in other places. I hope anyone who might be see this again doesn’t mind.   I knew the risks when buying these shares, but this wasn’t a risk I believe I should have had to consider.
ATTACK ON MELVIN (Full vid w/ audio in comments)
To Melvin Capital, CNBC, Boomers, Point72 and cramer, you want to know how we get our tendies?
List of Brokerage Firms that are engaging in market manipulation
Alright folks, let's be honest with ourselves here. What we DON'T KNOW is how everything is going to play out over the coming days/weeks. What we DO KNOW is that there are brokerages actively engaging in market manipulation, right now, today.   I don't know about you, but I'm tired of being the one who pays the price for their bullshit. When the dust has settled, and all is said and done, I don't want to work with a brokerage that actively chose to fuck over their client base.   So, let's get a list going...  During this epic short squeeze, if your brokerage has restricted your ability to buy or sell stock in any publicly traded company using your own money (not on margin, because that's their money) - post the name of the brokerage AND the ticker for the stock you were not able to buy/sell. Based on your posts we can make a list of "Brokerages to Avoid" (or transfer out of).  @Mods - I know you've been tasked with a lot over these last couple of weeks. If a thread like this already exists, feel free to delete this post.  Edit: Here's the start of the list. Comments are coming in faster than I can keep up with, but I'll be updating the list over the coming hours/days/etc...    Restrictions      Robinhood ($AAL, $AMC, $BB, $BBBY, $CTRM, $EXPR, $GME, $KOSS, $NAKD, $NOK, $SNDL, $TR, $TRVG)   Trading 212 ($AMC, $GME)   Etrade ($AMC, $GME)   Ally Bank ($GME, $AMC, $GTC)   IBRK ($GME, any others??)    No Restrictions (yet...)      Fidelity   Vanguard (?? can anyone confirm)
Exercised 1600 shares and made a    bend over for $350k. I liked the options, but i really like the stock.
$GME $AMC to the moon. Also, RobinHood sucks.
DIAMOND HAND TO VICTORY!
I think they just made us more mad. How many of you are buying as soon as it opens back up?
Don’t let them win.
This is popping off even on the local news. This represents something now, even to people who don’t invest. Don’t let the bots and hedgefund boys club on CNBC deter you. We caught them overplaying their hand and now they want to call time out? Hell no.  We can beat them. Y’all have actually held hard enough to keep it afloat. Special props to the  🐳 in here. Keep making a statement with your actions. I don’t have much but I’m willing to watch it drop to 0 before I give up.   Big or small, let’s  🤚  Let’s beat them at their own game. Proud of y’all
Robinhood to allow limited buys starting Friday (tomorrow)
Screenshot of WSJ article:   and the article itself:    Robinhood posted in their blog   - it's a bunch of BS, they could've circumvented by just blocking margin purchases. Instead they chose to solely allow sells. In spite of their "Let the people trade" schtick, in crunch time we learned that we're their product, and the institutions are their customers. Volatility has never prevented them from offering cryptocurrency.  "Limited buys" is even worse, since it makes it seem like the stock is underperforming, while producing the illusion that there isn't a reason it should be. Last I looked, that is textbook manipulation, especially for a broker to be controlling the price, direction and volatility of a stock.  Game plan, buy $GME, $AMC or everything else on a broker that is NOT Robinhood or WeBull. Cashapp (like Venmo and has instant deposits) or Fidelity (1-2 business days to transfer funds - so Tuesday 👎) is intuitive, large and disassociated enough from these hedge funds and didn't limit or block these trades entirely today.  TL;DR
Let’s Make This Saturday, 1/30, GME Gets Tendies Day.
Reposting this comment for u/Abaird10 since they don’t have enough karma to post and I think it’s an awesome idea. I myself have got 333 shares in GME. To the moon    GME GETS TENDIES DAY - 1/30  THIS SATURDAY AT A GAMESTOP NEAR YOU  Markets are closed and your wife is out with her boyfriend. YOU SHOULD BE AT A GAMESTOP. BRING 1 FRIEND. SPEND $50 EACH AT YOUR LOCAL GAMESTOP. BUY WHATEVER HELPS YOU SIT ON YOUR     FILLED WITH GME SHARES FOR THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE.  Those paper hands will grow into little baby diamonds when pictures of every GameStop nationwide COMPLETELY SOLD OUT OF INVENTORY shows up on the 6 o’clock evening news. DOES THAT LOOK LIKE A COMPANY THAT DESERVES 240% SHORT INTEREST?  This does multiple things:  1.	⁠Reinforces that WE LIKE THIS STOCK 2.	⁠Gives back to the company that enabled this movement, literally adding to their bottom line. 3.	⁠Breaks down the short thesis 4.	⁠Weakens the hedge funds thinking that they can outlast us 5.	⁠Turns this “bubble” into a solid concrete foundation for      The BEST part about all this: 1/30 is literally the last day of their 2020 fiscal year. I can’t do math but   million degenerates x $50 = a lot of tendies for GME’s next financial statement.  Completely unrelated: Used game inventory has the highest margins which go straight to the bottom line. Spyro =      SET AN ALARM - MARK YOUR CALENDARS - MAKE THIS GO VIRAL  GameStop Saturday hours: Noon - 8pm  Disclaimer: I’ve barely slept in 4 days, have no idea what I’m doing and should probably get out of the house this weekend.  2nd disclaimer: I’ve lurked for 9 years without a single post or comment. This movement FINALLY made me feel something. Pls go EZ it’s my first time.  Pos: 100 shares at $90 and buying more       GME
THE NUMBERS BEHIND A POSSIBLE SQUEEZE TOMORROW
Not even counting that Gamestop is currently at $261 in the aftermarket, at the closing price of $ , there are   roughly   40,000 call contracts expiring in the money tomorrow. Anyone currently holding those contracts will execute tomorrow which translates to shorts HAVING TO BUY 4 million shares of Gamestop on Friday. Gamestop only has a total of 46 million shares available to trade and a large percentage of that is being held by us retail investors and other entities (IDK how many shares exactly maybe someone could help on that). This translates to a relatively large percentage of the tradeable shares having to be bought tomorrow and the potential start of a short squeeze.     Bottom Line: As long as the price of GME stays above $193 tomorrow, shorts will HAVE TO buy 4 million shares of GME. The only thing that could prevent this is manipulation.     TL;DR - If the current price holds, lots of buying will have to happen on Friday no matter what. This could trigger a potential squeeze starting tomorrow.        All numbers pulled from:               Don't sue me, I am not a financial advisor. Trade at YOUR OWN RISK and DO YOUR OWN RESEARCH.     \-
NVAX clinical trial data
NVAX is way up in after hours upon reports of ~90% efficacy. Congrats to all who bought calls and shares.   This is the first protein based vaccine showing phase III data. The release looks good. 89% effective overall, yet only 50% effective in Phase Iiish study in South Africa implying reduced efficacy against S African variant. It is   effective against UK strain.   This is good news for increasing the vaccine supply worldwide. It is troubling news for the state of the pandemic. The S African and Brazil variants sharing the E484 mutation have the potential for antigenic escape. This means they may be able to cause reinfection in some people previously infected with the Wuhan variant. The vaccines may become less effective as they continue to mutate.   It’s becoming reasonable to expect that we will need booster vaccines for the new variants at some point. MRNA vaccines (Moderna & Pfizer)  can more quickly be adapted to these variants than a protein vaccine like NVAX.   I would also keep my eye on a vaccine from City of Hope that codes for expression of both spike and nucleocapsid  proteins. I believe it’s in phase II trials. This bivalent vaccine offers a good chance of resisting antigenic escape by new variants.    This is an all out race to vaccinate as many people as possible before the virus mutates too much. We need as many vaccine doses as we can get so I’m optimistic that UK regulators will approve NVAX on their strong data.   Overall, I’m long MRNA due to better supply chain logistics and ability to quickly adapt to new variants by creating a booster or V2 formulation that encodes for multiple spike variants to protect against emerging strains.   I anticipate further travel restrictions globally as the danger of these mutants becomes more clear.    Remember that MRNA     on phase III data but declined on FDA emergency authorization.   Positions: MRNA and NVAX shares.  Not a financial advisor, just a smooth 🧠   using his wife’s boyfriend’s trading account.
What if noone sells for 1 month?
Hear me out 1 min.  1 - If nobody sells, this can practically go on forever. ( with   mil retards, we have some chance combined with the group psychology of the diamond hands )  2 - If we think long term ( as in 1 month ), can't it theoretically go up to 1 million per share? 10 million? 100 million?    What if we uno reverse card   and reverse the 2008 play?  What if instead of thinking %500, %1000 gains, we think of %10000000 gains?    What is stopping us from holding it forever and creating the greatest re-distribution of wealth in human history?       I know, in game theory, the other one bails out and he gets out for free meanwhile the other one takes 10 years in prison ( taking profit vs diamond hands ). But the game theory, the economic theory, THE WHOLE FINANCIAL SYSTEM is set up upon the "homo economicus, the always logically behaving human". And I think that's why we've had massive success, because the GME play is completely against what the wall street fund managers studied from their textbooks on their Harvard MBA.  ( well they shorted %130 so it's basically market correction )     I know we will do jokes in the comments, but we must really think about it, this can spark a revolution, for real for real for real. And will grant us the volume for the future.     Thank you, looking forward to your ideas.       TLDR: If nobody sells, it goes to infinity per share, greatest wealth distribution in history. I'm a retard.         Last Note: Hey SEC boi. We like the stock.         very last edit   : this is no form of financial advice. i like the stock and none of this should be regarded as a form of direction. its just a brainstorm. i'm a regular retard from turkey. thank you america.
Never been so happy about a 50% loss, and never cared less. Idgaf if u all drive GME back to $3, my kids are inheriting these 60 shares as a keepsake, and a badge of fucking honor. Its principal for me.
Possible way Melvin, Capital, Point72 come out of this fine and possible make money while triggering another recession.
Business Management guy with a very smooth brain here.    TL:DR some stuff happens maybe     So what was today?     Today was them(Melvin, Capital, Point72) pulling all the tricks in the book and winging some new ones to weasel out. So how did they do it?      Step one  : Let it ride a little bit. It was in national news yesterday and everyone was talking about. Let some more retail come in and buy some shares at a high price.     Step two  : prevent buying from the popular and visible E-trading platforms.     Step Three  : Short ladder and sells shares to each at low prices. Induce a panic sell and short ladder the rest of the day. Paperhands who just bought panic and sell.     Step Four  : Lower exposure. Dump as many short as you can onto other smaller hedges not in the club(especially the ones that mimic their positions). Buy calls and shares. Remember guys they are not the only ones with a short position. The might have had a less significant position themselves.     Step Five  : Release Robinhood buy restrictions and let the retail apes storm in. The other hedges short now how to cover, the squeeze happens. Recover your money back and even make a tidy profit.     Possible repercussions:  Other   smaller     hedges   and who ever bought this position now liquidate stocks, go insolvent, and fail. DOW SPY tank as result of sell off and Melvin, Capital, Point 72 take their share of the carcass.   (Corporate Government Union)Pensions, 401ks, and whatever hoped on the bus goes down with the ship(the small hedges they’ve invested in) too and burn value.   And you’ll hear the talking heads parrot “Reddit caused a recession” over and over again.   Except it’s the same group of dumbasses that caused the last.      Position: 50 @    GME            Edit: ok 3 comments and I need to clarify.   THE SQEEZE WILL SQUOZE   its just not these 3 firms at the end of the shitstick.
The narrative
It is amazing that the actual narrative on CNBC etc is that a group of retail investors making money off stocks that were shorted at ridiculous levels is a problem.    Somehow the hedge fund guys involved in things like insider trading and tweet-based market manipulation on stocks they themselves are shorting (hurting regular folks invested in those same stocks time and time again) are the victims of an angry mob.   These people who short at ridiculous and leveraged levels trying to make a company go out of business and its workers be unemployed during a pandemic — these folks need protection by brokerages and by trading halts every time a stock starts to rise because of demand.    These guys with $300 million salaries per year are the unfortunate victims.    Or maybe we just need protection because we are stupid and cannot understand how the market works.  We might get hurt and need protection for our own best interest.     To be honest I think the thing that best  demonstrates we know how the market works is that we are not at all surprised by the absurdity that happened today
Ticker Ban Resource Thread
Like myself, I imagine many of you are livid at the blatant, coordinated market manipulation we witnessed today.  Just as a community we have a voice, as citizens we do also.  I encourage all of you to contact your representatives, file complaints with the SEC, and stay abreast of the pending class action lawsuit.    It may also be prudent to contact the investor relations departments of the companies with banned tickers to file a complaint.  These actions were an egregious breach of the public trust in the markets, and those who colluded to enact them must be held accountable.  Below are a list of links that will allow you to contact the appropriate parties:  SEC complaint form:     State Representatives:    House Financial Services Committee:    Class Action Lawsuit:      Investor Relations:  GME:    BB:    AMC:    BBBY:    EXPR:    KOSS:    NAKD:    NOK:    AAL:    # POWER TO THE PLAYERS!!!!!!!
Need to squeeze GME if you want AMC, NOK, BB, BBBY, etc to reap the rewards. It’s the gate that’ll allow the rest in.
I know everyone wants to get in on the next GME, but you guys have to realize GME is the only one with such insane levels of SI. The original DD for GME has always been its growth potential and Ryan Daddy Cohen, SI and the squeeze was just the extra icing for when we took off.   If you guys really want your AMC, BB, or whatever to moon, GME needs your full focus to break the price walls these shorters are putting up. Shilling other stocks just for the “squeeze” is  pointless when the main lead hasnt even shown the results yet.   Hold your shares and dont let go, but focus on Gamestop first because we love the stock, stock price doesnt matter, one GME going up 30% youll make same as if 10 AMC shares went up 30%, the capital you spent will always be 30% increase.   Tldr; hold all your other shares but we Love Gamestop, and that love will eventually spill to the others.   Positions: GME 4 250CFeb05, 2k BB shares, 800Nok shares. Going to buy more GME only tmr.      🤚
Sequoia Denies Allegations
Today the populous saw how the sausage is made, and inside you’ve put our hopes and dreams. Welcome to The Jungle. You’re fucked.
Steven Cohen, CNBC, Melvin, Citadel, and all of your corrupt pedophile fucking friends.  Read this assholes:  #FUCK YOU  You have no idea who you’ve awakened now. There are no bulls and bears anymore, only fucking   L I O N S  .  The entire world has seen how fucking evil you people are.  Congrats, you’ve made some fiat paper by dining on the fruits of our labor for decades, and throwing us the few bones you’ve licked clean.  Your corruption and gluttony has been noted.  Bulls make money.  Bears make money.  Pigs get slaughtered.
1/29/21 - THE BATTLE FOR VALHALLA - GAMMA/INFINITY SQUEEZE
Dear autist army,  I know most of you cannot read so I will keep it short and sweet, and I will include a TL;CR at the bottom. I am not a financial advisor, so do what you will with this information.  I am proud of every last one of you who have diamond handed until now. I really am. You are all good soldiers.  Tomorrow is where we hold them! Tomorrow is where we fight!     Tomorrow will go down in the history books as the "  GREAT BATTLE FOR VALHALLA  " in this Infinity War. Here is why:  Similar to last week (although last week set a record in financial history where every GME call strike closed itm),   A LARGE PROPORTION OF CALL STRIKES WILL BE EXPIRING IN THE MONEY TOMORROW, 1/29/21. WE WILL SEE A GAMMA SQUEEZE LIKE LAST FRIDAY THAT WILL PUSH THIS PAST THE ATH WE SAW THIS MORNING.   I believe this could be the catalyst for the infinity squeeze. If you are a newly minted autist and you don't know what this means, it means that WE RIDE TO VALHALLA   TOMORROW!   Also, see the TL;CR below.  Additionally, because of the insane national and celebrity (Elon, Ja Rule, Kanye) attention GME has received, I suspect that whales will enter the fray tomorrow with big money just to stick it to Melvin, et al.  It is obvious that Citadel and Melvin coordinated their short attack with Robinhood at a time when most of us retards were powerless to buy (according to Robinhood they will allow "limited buys" tomorrow whatever the fuck that means). But do not fret my fellow tards, stay strong. They may have won the battle, but they have not won the infinity war!  Today scared off a lot of paper handed autists. If this is you, I can understand why you got scared like you do when your wife's boyfriend scolds you for leaving the refrigerator opened, or for forgetting to clean the litter box. That said, I must respectfully refuse to call you one of us. You are no member of this autist army.  If you are a diamond handed retard, and you have followed orders, I salute you!  Kiss your wives, their boyfriends, and your children tonight, because tomorrow we go to battle.    TL;CR  : G M E 👨‍   🏻    -->   🔫    Positions:
People we need to archive all the data , all the pictures of forced closes for a lawsuit!!! GME
So all the articles on news, videos , forced closes, trading platforms shot down, market manipulation, unable to buy more,...  and not just in the US, but also in Europe and Asia. Because ( for example me, from Europe) yesterday i couldn't buy more shares!! Trading was going on but they just said that the trade was not possible to made. All this we can give to our friends and their lawyers in the US to help them make a good case.   This is pure market manipulation, and many boomers would say that this is the game and we can't do anything about it( this is why the world looks like this) but we should be different and smack them when they do bad things ( maybe somebody is doing this already, but not sure) . Retards everywhere unite, this fight is just starting and HOLD!!!!!    GME                    ###   ###
Were you blocked from trading AMC, GME - they are filing class action - see how to at the link
Levi & Korsinsky, LLP, National Class Action Law Firm, Announces  Class Action Investigation Against Robinhood and Other Brokers on  Behalf of Investors of AMC and Other Stocks Who Were Prevented from  Trading  New York, New York--(Newsfile Corp. - January 28, 2021) -  Levi &  Korsinsky, LLP, a national securities law firm that has recovered  hundreds of millions of dollars for investors, announces that it has  commenced an investigation of Robinhood and other popular retail trading  platforms on behalf of investors who invested or were prevented from  investing in AMC and other stocks pursuant to trading bans on these  stocks.  On January 28, 2021, customers of Robinhood and other  popular trading platforms claimed that they were being blocked from  purchasing shares of   AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: AMC) and other securities that are being heavily shorted by institutional investors.    Recently,  retail investors have turned the tables on Wall Street by buying up  stocks heavily shorted by hedge funds such as Melvin Capital, causing  increased volatility and short-squeeze losses to these institutional  investors.  However, on January 28th, Robinhood announced  that retail investors could no longer purchase certain stocks and raised  margin requirements for certain securities.  The inability to  trade shares has sparked outrage across social media, as users took to  Twitter to vent their frustrations, stating:  "You can no longer buy GameStop stock on Robinhood. Ditto Nokia, AMC, and all the other stocks that had been shorted."  Another said: "The free market is only free until rich people lose money."  In  response to these actions, Dave Portnoy, the founder of the sports and  pop culture blog Barstool Sports, released a series of tweets  questioning Robinhood's integrity and agenda. He called for retail  investors not to close their positions.   On January 28, AMC was down 60% amid the Robinhood restrictions.  To learn more about this investigation and your rights if you believe you have suffered losses,   go to  :    Levi  & Korsinsky is a nationally recognized firm with offices in New  York, Connecticut, California, and Washington   The firm's attorneys  have extensive expertise in prosecuting securities litigation involving  financial fraud, representing investors throughout the nation in  securities lawsuits and have   recovered hundreds of millions of dollars for aggrieved shareholders  .  For more information, please feel free to contact any of the attorneys  listed below. Attorney advertising. Prior results do not guarantee  similar outcomes.    CONTACT:    Levi & Korsinsky, LLP   Joseph E. Levi, Esq.       55 Broadway, 10th Floor   New York, NY 10006   Tel: (212) 363-7500
Nice
HE IS OUR LEADER
When Robbin’ Hood IPO’s... NOBODY BUY THAT SHIT!!
We don’t like that stock. Sure they’ve facilitated the process of us weaponizing our autism over the past few years, but clearly their heads are too far up the asses of the hedgies and what they have done cannot be swept under the rug this time. Those sleezebags in suits call themselves “Robinhood”, but in reality are no better than the rest of them. They have been planning an IPO for quite some time now, which would be quite profitable for their company. I’d hate to see Robin fucking  Hood DD’s and shills, after they tried so hard to bring us down, so the gears in autistic brain started turning. What if there was a way for us to rain on their parade? My smooth brain is running out of more words to say so I’ll stop here.  TLDR: Hey Robinhood, That’s   a nice IPO you got planned. It’d be a shame if 5 million weaponized autists collectively fucked it over.   Obligatory Fuck Melvin Fuck Robinhood Fuck Citadel  Obligatory        Edit: I don’t think shorting it would be a good idea though, imagine if the suits pulled a short squeeze on Robinhood off on us. We need to collectively think of a better way.  Edit 2: Didn’t expect Awards. Use it to buy fractional shares tomorrow instead. We ride at dawn
Co-founder of Robinhood said what? GME     and he and his app to Jail
12 Years Ago The World Was Bankrupted, While Wallstreet Celebrated With C

JOSH SHAPIRO, Attorney General of Pennsylvania, is showing his support on Twitter!!!!
Just wanted to say I’m proud of y’all
I first joined wallstreetbets almost 5 years ago when I first got into Reddit. It was a smallish sub still where everyone was hoping for a yAtCh and FD’s were becoming the new normal. I have lurked this sub often most of the time for a good laugh and others for some pretty stellar DD.   In this moment though, you guys have really impressed me. You are coming together to say “fuck you” to the big boys that have done nothing but fuck our dads with no lube, and as someone who is a hybrid alternative currency nut/autist, I feel more love and connection to this sub than ever before.   I love you f  s.
If you've been on sub for a while now, and have been around long enough to have followed the GME play from the very start, take a moment and marvel at what this has turned into.
It's no longer just a hilariously risky YOLO limited to a handful of idiots here and over on stocktwits, but a showdown between retail and institutionals that has taken global center stage.  I remember first hearing mentions of GMEs short interest back in March of last year but like everyone else, I was too preoccupied with SPY options, MSFT 200c, and the infamous quad-witching fiasco (Wonder how many people were wiped out that day).  Only in July did I really begin paying serious attention to the GME talk, but never did I imagine that this would culminate in a historic moment led by a sub full of foul-mouthed gambling addicts.  We've really outdone ourselves here. /r/stocks, /r/dividends and /r/investing may be better at portfolio sizing and actually knowing what risk management is, but they're nowhere nearly as wonderful.  EDIT: Obligatory  GME
APE. STRONG. TOGETHER.
Tree company worth 10 banana.  Rich apes think tree company only worth 2 banana. Rich apes bet many banana that value of tree company go down to 2 banana. Regular apes buy lots and lots of tree company from jungle. Tree company become worth 50 banana. Rich apes lose money because because tree company no worth 2 banana. Regular apes make lots of banana. Rich apes friend give them lots of banana to live and begin buy tree company to make up for bad bet. Tree company become worth 100 banana. Regular apes make lots and lots more banana. Next day rich apes friend tell jungle no longer sell tree company to regular apes. Rich apes bet banana tree company worth less banana. Regular apes lose banana because no possible to buy more. Rich apes make banana because tree company become worth lots less. Regular apes mad that jungle prefer rich apes and jungle make them lose money.
A dark part WallStreetBets history, and why it's important for you to know and remember
tl;dr on tl;dr: Founder bad, greedy, got banned for being greedy. Being greedy again with new spotlight on the sub.   tl;dr, in 2020 the original founder (after being gone for years and did nothing to contribute to the sub), along with a couple of mods, attempted to monetize the sub for personal gains. Users and other mods fought back. Hundreds of users got mass banned for speaking out, mods who spoke out got removed as mods. With some help from users, mods found precedent of another sub creator getting banned for trying to monetize a sub and sent plea to Reddit admins. Reddit admins banned offenders and gave sub back to the good mods.   u/SpeaksInBooleans (RIP) investigated the circumstance of the events and made video exposing the offenders:                      for reference.   It's important to know/remember this now, because the same person that got exiled for being a tyrant is doing a media circus, trying to ride the current spotlight for personal gain, again. Hey CNN and WSJ, stop interviewing that dipshit. The sub has always been about its people, and what you guys wanted to do (as retarded as you are). No single person speaks for the sub and controls its destiny. It is in good hands with u/zjz aka u/SwineFluPandemic  Edit: He is spreading complete lies about the sub and the mods that got him removed:  >	Despite being its founder, Rogozinski was kicked out of the forum in April for trying to eliminate the hate speech plaguing the community.  >“There were a handful of mods who were straight up white supremacists,” he said.  >“I have really thick skin and people can say whatever they want to me, but at some point there’s a moral standpoint — like with my kids, I don’t want them to think, ‘Well, they can say whatever they want about you,’” he told the paper.
Where do we go? A post on our choices and options in a post-robberhood world. Alternatives and other platforms. Let’s migrate to different apps.
#So, the shittertons at robberhood decided to ban AMC, GME,   ; BB and save their hedge fund buddies while fucking you guys, their original clients.  Well, you know what? Fuck ‘em. We are bigger than any hedge fund and we are more than 5 million retail investors and growing. If robberhood wants to steal from the poor and give to the rich, we don’t have to be complicit. We don’t have to use their service, and we won’t. Fuck robberhood.  Schwabby and TD ameritrade aren’t valid options anymore, so who’s left?  _________________________________________________________________________________  #Here is a list of the platforms we can migrate to. (Please tell me if any of these don’t work or there are banned tickers, I’m just listing what I’ve found so far.)  •     a robberhood-like trading app with a beautiful design and clean UI. Offers free stock, and has expanded benefits right now because they are trying to attract customers. They're even offering to cover the transfer fees. They must really want that market share. It’s also centered around social features, so you can invest and make posts about your stocks, and there are comments. Go spread the retardation.  •     just a regular trading app. Not special, but it’s from the finance startup Ally. Works with existing banks, and actually adheres to ally’s principles of facilitating economic mobility and democratizing finance. A lot of purple and white themes in this app. No commissions, and fast transfers. The same app I use, been a member for 2 years, no complaints. Also, they have dark mode. WARNING: ally only allows limit orders for meme stocks. you can still buy though.  •     A simple, minimalistic app with both saving and trading products. Has very nice shading, and pastel orange and turquoise colors. Bold font, and a very user friendly app.  •     an investment app from SoFi, the guys who paid for that one football stadium. Charts and personalized graphs of your investment earnings. Supports both cr\ pto and stonks, so you can trade everything all in one place.  •     an app owned by Chinese Fumi Technology. I heard they unbanned the meme stocks, please tell me if I’m wrong. Hopefully I’m not.  •   color palettes, and many charts and metrics to track your trading performance. EDIT: unfortunately i've just been told M1 does not support daytrading, they only have set windows for trading every day. suggested by u/WalkerTejasRanger, contact him/her/them for a free $30 link.  •   suggested by u/mitchqqis, contact him/her/them if you need help.   •    •  .... but they haven’t banned us yet.  •     they haven’t banned any of our tickers. Good enough.  •     the most boomer app of them all. suggested by u/adam2222  _________________________________________________________________________________  EDIT: added more choices (M1, Stake,  ; WF), at spaces 6, 7, and 11 respectively. go check them out.  #EDIT 2: I want to see what all of you guys are switching to. comment your new platform below.  #EDIT 3: if you're feeling generous, you can also send me donations.  This is my cr pto wallet:    0x86c4e867c9E5b72872a505d2ae1F24312E3b73c8    You can send me any coin you want, but I prefer ether/ethereum (ETH)  #EDIT 4: Manifesto written below. I got pissed and I felt like ranting. _________________________________________________________________________________  #we have many choices, these are just 7 of our numerous options. While robberhood is out fucking us and bailing their hedge buddies, we’ll be switching.  If any of these ban our tickers, please comment and I will correct this post. You can also tell us what platform you’re using, or what supports meme stonks.     buy the dip. Keep fighting our fight.    #fuck robberhood. Make the switch.  #LETS KEEP FIGHTING! DONT SURRENDER NOW! HOLD THE LINE! There is nothing these institutions can do to stop us. They cannot lock us out, sell our shares, or grow their short. They know they are losing. That’s why they are launching a media offensive in CNBC. Their only option left is to make us lose hope. They have played every option they have, they have resorted to morally wrong and illegal tactics. They have sold our shares without our permission. They are manipulating the market to save a corporation at the expense of millions of real humans. They have no problem crushing you and your future if it means another fucking dollar in their pocket. For too long, they have profited and gambled with our economy. In 2008 they threw millions into poverty, and in 2020 they lined their pockets while people were evicted from their homes. There is a reason why we fight. The invisible hand WILL NOT control us. This is the biggest financial event since 2008. All we have to do to beat them is hold our shares. They working class will seize control. We are on the verge of changing the fucking world.    So you know what? Fuck them.
RH email to users about tomorrow
An update on market conditions  Hi Kitsapdad,  It’s been a tough day, and we’re grateful to you for being a Robinhood customer. In light of the extraordinary market conditions this week, we temporarily limited buying for   regarding today’s   you again for being a Robinhood customer. We’re so grateful for your support.Sincerely,   The Robinhood Team
HOOOOOLLLLLLDDDD! MEAT IS STILL ON THE MENU BOYS.
CNBC is reporting that Robin hood is seeking lines of Credit from JPM and Goldman Sachs. (Turn on the TV)
I don't really know what this means, other than if they have an Algorithm that takes positions against their customers they could in theory be blown up by GME.  I know that they are able to get fractional payoffs from timing trades?  I'm not really sure if we know their positions or we have a way of finding it out. I'm not involved in GME because of the lock out, but this seems really serious if they were betting against their clients? wouldn't this be illegal as they do have a fiduciary responsibility when offering their products online?  Feel free to call me stupid. My wife's boyfriend does all the time.  I can't find an article on it but this has happened before in march2020, so maybe its \ \  NOT \ \  (edit)related to yesterdays fall out.  I guess this is pure speculation.
How today went, at least from where I was sitting today! $GME TO THE MOON!!
ORWELL WOULD BE PROUD HOLD LADS HOLD 🛸⬆️👾👾👾
Were   stocks open tomorrow
Please Help Me Understand What Happened Today (Multiple Orders Rejected by NYSE, Costing Me Tens of Thousands)
To preface this, yes I know the correct thing to do would have been to just hold, but that should not be the point of this post.    TL;DR at the bottom.  I had one Jan 29 20c option I've been holding since GME was somewhere around 18, and I originally planned to exercise (and I wish I followed my plan).  Today at market open, I got too nervous about the impending market manipulation and tried to sell.    1st Order:   Sell for 310 limit (30k profit on a $300 investment) while there was a bid for 318 and the stock was at 320 (no halt, this was right after open).    Order Rejected    Stock started rising again and I was kinda glad the order didn't go through, even though it seemed really fishy.   I later learned through my broker that the rejection code from NYSE basically meant my limit was "too aggressive" and that's why it was rejected.   WTF      2nd Order:   1200 Limit, fuck it.    Order open/accepted     In regards to the rejection justification for the first order:  top kek   Stock starts free falling.  Mind starts racing.  > Selling at 1200 would have been life changing directly.  > Selling at 300 would allow for some great investments into myself that could be life changing down the line.  > Selling at 100 would be a very nice profit still, even if it was just at 400 a few minutes ago, but who the fuck knows what kinda shady ass shit is going on behind the scenes at the moment while most US retail investors are basically shut out except for selling.  Stock hits ~100 and halts again.    3rd Order:   Sell at 103 limit (matching a current bid).    Order Executed    Halt ends, stock shoots up. Hole in stomach and panic sets in once again, but in the other direction. Realize I've made a huge mistake.    4th Order  : Buy at 120 limit (matching a current ask).    Order Rejected      5th Order  : Buy at 140 limit (matching a current ask).    Order Rejected      4th Order  : Buy at 160 limit (matching a current ask).    Order Rejected    The contract is now too expensive for me.  That was it.    Now, I made a 10k profit from a $300 investment and I don't want to bitch about that.   I'll be happy about it soon enough once I'm less emotional about what could have been.    But: What the everloving fuck happened to my orders?    I've never had an order be rejected before, just maybe not filled if my limits were off.  Just so happens the only order that went through today was the worst one I made and all the others (realistic ones) got rejected, so I'm indeed salty especially the 310 sale in the morning didn't go through, as that basically cost me $20k, $10k if I held. If I thought I could sue the NYSE I would...  So, can anyone explain to me what happened here so I can know what to expect and act accordingly if I'm ever in a similar situation again?  Thanks and godspeed to all of you who are still in this game. I hope GME surpasses my moonshot 1200 order and makes you all as rich as it will make the shorters poor.    TL;DR: NYSE rejected lots of my orders, including a sell order at market prices while trading was not halted - for completely bs reasons given ("order limit too aggressive"). What gives and what do?
NVAX RESULTS FINALLY
NVAX has finally released results:  ~95% efficacy on old COVID strain  ~85% efficacy on   strain    percent efficacy on South African strain.   They are the only company to have actual efficacy data in real people on the the SA and   strain. Moderna and Pfizer only have lab test results (I think).   This means all vaccines are on an equal footing.   NVAX should move up as the market realized it is equivalent to Moderna and Pfizer.   Positions 02/19 130c 02/05 150c.   To the moon baby!  Edit: for those who feel the fomo, I sold 20 01/29 150c today at 2pm to roll out to a later date. Cheated myself out of 40k gains. Life is bittersweet.
On principle I will hold till I’m bag holding at the other end.
What happened today really struck a cord. I wasn’t allowed to buy but I could sell. That made it a one way street of potential selling with no opportunity to buy. I really do not care if the price goes up or it goes down, I am simply not selling. I will hold it through the gamma squeeze and then the real squeeze. And when these shorts are frantically buying at the top to cover and beg others to sell I will still refuse to part with my shares. I have a full time job so have no problem engaging in activism haha.  Blessed are the meek and I wish you all good fortune.
They'll have to pry them from our diamond hands
Weird Price Action today. (shorts covering?)
Randomly looked up the ticker a few minutes ago, anyone else notice this? I definitely don't recall a spike to $500 around 2 o'clock. Were the shorts able to cover their positions today? (obviously it being only a 100% price increase and the low volume they have come nowhere near fully exiting, but still)  And also why don't other sources show this spike today? (  the IOS stocks app shows the price was around $237 at 2:10 PM EST)
Guy From S3 Partners. Hold Strong
YOU HEARD THE MAN DON'T GET SCARED NOW.
People are fleeing Robinhood. now they are lack of enough cash reserve ... move your money out of the Robinhood account now before it is too late!
Robinhood Is Said to Draw on Bank Credit Lines Amid Tumult
FORCED Liquidations
This is most likely brokers forcefully liquidating some of who you bought on margin  . The price graph here was oscillating constantly between market price and prices 25% lower at       Notice the mix of fills on the order flow between market price and   Even when you put in a Market order, brokers must fill within a reasonable amount of the market price. But the same rules don't apply to liquidation. The broker is allowed to sell for MUCH lower in case of liquidation.  Basically, those of you buying on margin are getting screwed. The Fed requires margin accounts to maintain 50% equity overnight. The hedge funds knew if they could close the price lower for even 1 day, it would force many of you who bought on margin out of your positions, and that brokers would be forced to liquidate to meet overnight equity requirements. STOP BUYING ON MARGIN.  To clarify: Buying "On Margin" means you're borrowing funds from the broker to buy stock. It does not mean "trading in a Margin account". You can still have a margin account, just don't buy more in stocks than you have cash for. Brokers have a LOT of latitude about doing what they want with the securities you buy on margin.  If someone is on this guy's chat, please direct him to this post because he was confused by this. It's not a glitch, it's "working as intended".
VIDEO: The Reddit Revolution, GameStop and Melvin Capital
WARNING: Possible strategy the hedge funds are doing to recover from losses!
As you guys have already heard from several reports, Citadel (the hedgefund that bailed out melvin capital for   billion dollars) and Robinhood have ties with each other. What they did this morning was they planned for Robinhood and other brokers to prevent retail investors from buying GME and other reddit memestocks knowing that would kill a lot of momentum. Before disabling the buy button for GME on platforms like Robinhood, they heavily shorted the stock when it was at its peak of around 500 and when the stock came crashing down back into the 100s, that was when they bought back the shares and earned back some of the losses.   Right as the market closed at 4, they released the news that starting tomorrow retail investors will be allowed to buy GME and other memestocks again therefore causing the prices of these stocks to go up again. As momentum comes back and the prices surge to higher levels again, I'm willing to bet my left nut that they will short it again and then do some unethical shady shit to kill the momentum again to recover further from their previous losses. What shady shit might they do? I do not know, but its going to be something on the level of what happened today. They will keep on rinsing and repeating this strategy till they make back most of their losses.   Now what can we retards do to counteract their strategy you may ask? SIMPLE!! When the momentum killer news comes out again YOU HOLD AND DO NOT PANIC SELL!!! Otherwise you will be selling your shares cheap to them for them to cover their short positions!! I am not a financial advisor but that is how i see it logically speaking.
WE   LIKE   THE   STOCK - LET'S GET THIS PARTY GOING - Jim Cramer Vengaboys Remix
Oops. #DeactivateRobinhood
DO NOT SPORTS GAMBLE TONIGHT - HERE IS WHY!!!
Think about the millions of dollars that will flow into DraftKings tonight. Now think about all that money going into other things, like GME AMC etc.     Most bettors will lose anyway. Might as well put it into a sound investment. More inflow = more buying = higher price.      Take that 20$ you were gonna lose on NHL and buy 2 shares of AMC. It's for a good cause.     (This is not financial advice, I am not a financial advisor, I am a complete dumbass so do not listen to me)
"An update on market conditions" from Robinhood I just received
It’s been a tough day, and we’re grateful to you for being a Robinhood customer. In light of the extraordinary market conditions this week, we temporarily limited buying for certain securities this morning. Starting tomorrow, we plan to allow limited buys of these securities. We’ll continue to monitor the situation and may make adjustments as needed.   This was a temporary decision made to best continue serving you, and was not an easy one to make. We know it’s led to frustration and confusion, and wanted to provide some clarity.  As a brokerage firm, we have many financial requirements, including SEC net capital obligations and clearinghouse deposits. Some of these requirements fluctuate based on volatility in the markets and can be substantial in the current environment. These requirements exist to protect investors and the markets and we take our responsibilities to comply with them seriously, including through the measures we have taken today.  To be clear, this decision was not made on the direction of any market maker we route to or other market participants.  The past year in particular has shown us that the financial markets are for everyone—not just institutional investors and hedge funds. We’ve seen a new generation enter the market, and they’re sparking conversations about what it means to be an investor. We stand in support of you, our customers. Democratizing finance for all means giving more people access, not less.  We’ll keep monitoring market conditions and will update this Help Center article with the latest changes. We also published a blog post regarding today’s events.  Thank you again for being a Robinhood customer. We’re so grateful for your support.  Sincerely, The Robinhood Team     Enjoy the lawsuit, can't wait to obtain tendies tomorrow, GME         HANDS BOYS
The One Stonk. An ode to u/DeepFuckingValue by Zed.
Preparing for the possibility of a 1/29 squeeze - the importance of a solid sell wall, holding the line, and avoiding prisoners' dilemma cascading sell offs.
Alright boys and girls we've made it to a pretty critical stage here. Tomorrow we face the possibility of a massive squeeze fueled by short coverage and the inevitable gamma squeeze that will come from thousands of call contracts being exercised. Some things to note - MMs buy 95% of the underlying shares represented by call contracts to hedge each time they're bought; as we've seen in the past few days, in this case MMs are almost the same 'group' as the shorts. This throws a wrench in things that I don't know how to interpret. Anyone? They worked together today to lock us out, tank the price, and make a 100 million dollar short sale while liquidating massive share quantities at a price so low it margin called anyone holding that many shares on margin in the first place. We can expect buy lockouts and other bullshit but the gamma squeeze remains   inevitable  . The gamma squeeze will not necessarily lead to or indicate the short squeeze happening, no one knows. It seems like the most important thing each investor has to prepare for on their own is an exit strategy for call contracts expiring tomorrow (regardless of squeeze height) and shares (in the case of the actual squeeze happening) if that investor wants to sell.  As has been explained here a few times now, shorts need our shares - period. Tomorrow they will buy shares and they will buy contracts to convert into shares. They must meet the prices we set - again, period. Hypothetically, if every single person that is HOLDING shares set the sell limit to 10K (which RH now prevents as an 'aggressive' limit), then shorts would have no option but to pay that price if they want to cover OR - and this is important - they CAN WAIT FOR HOLDERS TO DEFECT AND SELL EARLY, UNDERCUTTING THE SELL WALL. The   prisoners' dilemma   describes the problem of achieving maximal collective outcomes in situations where individual self-interest comes into play. In the event of a squeeze, all holders will be faced with the question of when to sell. Even if a sell wall was established by 95% of holders at 1K, if 5% of holders create sell orders at 500, the shorts will purchase all of those, and then someone holding at 1K (in the original 95%) says 'fuck, I don't want to miss out' and lowers their price to 600. Let's say 5% of that group holding at 1K does that. Now 90% of the holders are still at 1K but 10% of all shares have now been sold at or below 600. This would cascade and bring the price down.  We are NOT a hedge fund or a hive mind and there is no way to ensure we all sell at the same time and I am not telling anybody when to sell. This is all entirely hypothetical. I'm not encouraging a specific price point  ‍♂️ I'm merely describing a predicament we face - a market phenomenon, perhaps. Right now if you look at the GME order book, the sell 'wall' looks like a staircase, moving upwards at a pretty natural slope. That kind of sell wall will not produce the optimal collective outcome in terms of sale price in the case of a squeeze. In that scenario, the actual sale prices would likely never reach the top. What   would   produce the optimal group outcome is a true sell wall, where limit orders are   FLAT   until a   massive Kingdom of the Fucking North Wall   at a single price. Thoughts? I personally just love the fucking stock. Play with the bull you get the fucking horns.  EDIT:   this is the current sell staircase versus a sell wall. NONE of this post is financial advice. I'm just a retard drawing in my notes app.                                  PS: All $350 and up market buy autists (yes that includes you saints who smashed the ye button at 10am today and bought at $470) - we're coming for you. No man or woman left behind on this moon mission.    TLDR; POWER TO THE PLAYERS 🕹  APES TOGETHER STRONG                          $342 AH as of now (7:07pm EST) I KNOW YOU LIKE THAT YOU DIRTY MOTHERFUCKERS CAUSE I KNOW I DO   PS 2: Thanks for the awards 🥰 I just want us to all take maximum Ws
AMCX, AMC's Class A Shares are increasing in short interest after today's trading halt on AMC.
After today's halt on AMC, I looked at AMCX and I have no doubt that some of you autists were already jumping on it as soon as you heard you couldn't buy AMC. Which is pretty autistic, but I clearly am just as autistic.   Regardless, at closing, I decided to take a look at AMCX again and saw that the short interest was higher in the Class A shares than it was in the main ticker. See attached image on historical short interest for AMCX.   I'm not suggesting anything, what you make of this is entirely your decision, but I would get my diamond hands ready.
Old Tommy admits he's trying to fuck you to save hedge fund - CNBC's Interactive Brokers' Thomas Peterffy interview
$SLV - $104,000 YOLO 09/30 $29 CALLS. Short Squeeze LET'S GO!
Here's some DD posts, just to show I'm not really that retarded... Just a average Joe soldier doing his part.     1.   2.
TD American trade manipulation MY STORY
So I have a 10 GME stock position. I was fortunate enough to buy when it was $18. Today I was going to sell a few to cover some bills ( I know I should hold, but I needed the money). I only tried to sell one at a time. Funny thing is that TD would cancel my limit order. Never happened before.   This was when the stock was just above 300$. So I set the sale to "market" (Don't do this normally). It went thru! Took longer than normal. but what was odd it was higher than the last ask. (I always check before I do anything like this.) I thought, "hmmm lets try again" So I sold 1 more. This time the price was plummeting on no volume. This one went thru at around 260. The stock was at 190. Ok maybe I lucked out here. Weird. That was until I checked the bid/ask to buy a few minutes later. Here is what I saw.      So in the red square the last sale was 126$ that was on the book (this is the outstanding sales being offered) The next "buy" was 48$ ?!?!?!?! At the time the stock was at 160$ That is a huge gap. But what REALLY caught my eye was the ask. 2000$ ?????  My theory: The hedge funds got the retail brokers to lock retail traders out today so they could "readjust their positions". Then the hedge fund guys BOUGHT THE ENTIRE ORDER BOOK from 48 to 2k. Any orders outstanding NO MATTER THE PRICE was gobbled up. They were THAT desperate.   I have been trading off and on since the tech boom. Even worked at a few funds. I have NEVER seen anything like this. If someone with more experience can explain this to me, I would appreciate it. I just don't see it as anything other than massive collusion to manipulate a stock.  This isn't investment advice. So go fuck yourself SEC. I am a rare megaretard.
We couldn't get them today, so let's get them tomorrow! HOLD AND BUY YOU ONLY LOSE MONEY IF YOU SELL!
Beware of False Idols.
As I scroll through twitter, I see a troubling trend. I see people who think they can speak for us. I see people who think they understand us. I see people who think they are one of us. They are the people who sell their names for the means of attention. They are just like Wall Street but more deceptive in their greed because they do not have the power to openly fuck us. Do not let the attention whores monopolize the moment.  We don't have a leader. We can have a hero ie: Deepfuckingvalue, but we DON'T have a leader. We don't need a leader. Don't fall for the tricks of the con-man. There is ALWAYS an ulterior motive. This thing is built on each other. Certain individuals will try to make it about them.
Congress will hold hearings on what RH and IB today. This escalated quickly. Hopefully real reform happens.
With DIAMOND  HANDS   we can carry GME TO THE MOON        [link with sound in comments]
Wall Street Bets, Gamestop, and The End of Capitalism
We will win (Watch till end)
Stop Using Robin Hood you NUTTSRS its interests are not yours
Stop using Robin Hood. Their terms of service would be chucked out the window covered in shit by any major fund offering them.  There are of course other no commission companies available. However, would you trust a free plumber? A free electrician? What's in it for them?  RH has used people for a long time. They are just another data factory. If their buyers say fuck off then you are done.  A company with trading outages gets no attention from real money. This sub should ban RH. I have no skin in the game so I only look to ensure people are empowered to make the best or wrongest decisions. It loses people more money than the tiny commission you might otherwise pay.  It crashes. Makes odd decisions and has zero transparency over its finances. After the last fortnight I could see people being abused by RH and its clear interests and set up.  Stop using RH. Any positions on RH? Move. Ditch them. Stop posting their basic pretty fucking graphs.
Limited? Just buy
White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki Asked About New Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen Being Paid $810,000 From Citadel In Speaking Fees
Mic drop
They will do anything to get our sexy GME and AMC shares. Do not let them. We caught them with their hands stuck up their own asses. Moonshot incoming. 🍿
Am I the only retard that notices a giant spike for the day in Google finances graph around 2:05 EST and missing from the Robinhood graph below for GME today?
RH to allow "limited" buys on Friday for GME and others... guess we have to "limited" buy everything and launch this
Give them NO respect.
Remember to gather and keep any and all evidence of market manipulation!
Now that many brokers seem to have tried to manipulate the market, the idea of class action lawsuits has arisen here. If one of your brokers tried to manipulate the market (or so you think) make sure to use screenshots and the like to gather evidence. You might think that testimony or someone else’s screenshots will be enough, but more evidence can make a case like this easier! So remember to find the evidence and store it! There are people creating meeting places to discuss the lawsuit and gather evidence - dont send it all to me I wouldn’t know what to do with it.     And friendly reminder: this game is not over, GME has to more than double in value before the end. So HOLD!   🤲 boys and girls.    Disclaimer: I am not a legal or financial expert, this is all just my speculation, estimation and/or opinion.
Meet Kevin Kept me from losing my shit today... holding strong!
Robinhood Is Said to Draw on Credit Lines From Banks Amid Tumult
Why brokers re opened trading
Edit: not financial advice, long GME, I am retard etc   Trading is being reopened for many brokers today. While it appears it is because of public backlash it’s actually because the big money has already accomplished their goal.   It’s alleged that Apex was what was preventing the buying of certain securities. Namely meme stocks like GME and AMC. The purpose of this was to shake out retail and reduce volume. With the reduction of volume when this happened institutions performed a short ladder attack on very little volume. This is thus dropped the price like they wouldn’t be able to with normal trading volume.  After the price collapsed triggering stop losses from inexperienced investors. Institutions bought up all the shares being sold to close out there most toxic shorts and to reduce risk as much as possible in their portfolios. Since everyone was unable to buy except institutions they slowly covered their asses throughout the rest of the day.   So now when this pops off institutions will now be bag holding as hard as they would have been. In addition to the fact they probably restructured their positions to make some gains on the way back up, to reduce their losses. They are still being fucked though, just a difference of a truck vs. a semi up the ass   TLDR: blocking stock buying was an attack to save institutions asses, and it doesn’t matter if we can buy now that they have done what they needed too.   Edit:2 squeeze is not over, this is just getting started, 5k price target made this    last night on why you should still be long GME and Monday will likely be a blood bath for Melvin and Co
To the people who are scared of missing the GME 'squeeze', you will know when it happens. (AKA GME ENDGAME)
A lot of comments that I read, people are scared that they will 'miss' the GME squeeze. Let me tell you about the Volkswagen Squeeze that happened in 2008. On 28th Oct  2008, Volkswagen stock opened at 500 Euros. The stock hit an ATH of 1005 Euros during the day and closed at 945 Euros. This means that you will certainly know when the squeeze begins.  Now the question is how high can the squeeze go? That, no one here knows for sure because the times have changed and it can easily reach maybe 2k$ or 5k$? Who knows? You can sell the stock at the squeeze (When the price massively goes up) at the price you are comfortable with when the squeeze happens. Do not worry, the squeeze will not last for like 5 or 10 seconds as we saw with the example from Volkswagen above (Which lasted a whole day).   Also, many people are thinking to sell on Friday or Monday? Do not sell unless there is a squeeze or do not lose hope if the stock does not moon   on Monday opening. It will come and it will be beautiful. Alas, if u/DeepFuckingValue held the stock for months and is waiting for the squeeze, then who are we paper handed 📰  people to sell early ? Diamond hands only   . Cheers!  Information on the Volkswagen article:         This is not financial advice, I am holding GME because I like GameStop and I like Games!
Jail. Video link in comments.
Does anyone know what this candle pattern is? And what causes it?
MAKE THE LOWEST ASK $5,000
NEW ROBINHOOD EMAIL ABOUT NOT HAVING US TRADE TODAY
Should Robinhood founders but charged with securities fraud for the actions that they did today?
This is the beginning. The Manifesto For A Financial Revolution
Congratulations to all of you for bringing the biggest shakeup to Wallstreet in years. This sub now has the attention of the President. Books will be written about you and courses will be taught on what you've done.   But it's not over yet.  This sub has not only shown that it won't take any more bullshit from short sellers. But that it's ready to take them head-on. This is the beginning of so much more. A chance to finally fundamentally reform Wallstreet.   Remember, after the 2008 financial crisis how these large institutional investors were bailed out? Sure a lot of them paid the money back, but what consolation was that to the millions that lost their homes and livelihoods because of their reckless actions? Right now these short-sellers are trying to put brick and mortar businesses   because they can't legally operate during the pandemic.   I know these guys, the uber-rich. I worked for them for   years. I have stories you wouldn't believe. I can tell you though, this is how they make more money. These institutional funds aren't tailored to be accessed for people like you or me. They're supposed to be for very wealthy people who never even earned their money to let it sit and earn more money. The market is just for them, not us. That's why they're trying to regulate you and cast the light away from themselves. That's why they're trying to block you from accessing stocks so they can shore up their positions. They think the rules don't apply to them.  That was until you marvellous souls tanked a hedge fund that deserved it. And you can keep doing more. You can be the change you want to be. Finally, make the institutional WallStreet investors like Leon Cooperman or Jim Chanos figure out that if they don't reform and keep screwing everyone around that they'll reap what they sow.  We don't have to allow big funds getting bailed out, not learning their lessons and then screwing over everyone else.   I don't know what will happen will $GME, I do know that you must all stand tall and be ready one day to flex your muscle again to find out these injustices and do something about it. Keep pushing until short trading is banned or significantly reformed and then some. You have on your side the most anti-Wallstreet government in history that is chomping to make reforms.   This isn't an anti-wealth crusade. This is about creating more meaningful wealth for everyone through capitalism which means fairer markets. Fundamentally it's about stopping cronyism  Make your voice heard and fundamentally change things forever. Stand strong and be proud.  And a better WallStreet is yours.   Burn it all down. Let the Phoenix rise.
Marketwatch thinks we should buy ETFs with GME in it to get in on the action LMAO
Robinhood $GME Call Options Shenanigans - Anyone Else?
Tl;dr - Robinhood’s inconsistent, arbitrary and capricious changing of policies and unilateral actions on my account turned a very small, profitable options bet on $GME which should have paid out a couple $k into a $15k loss, all completely without my knowledge, consent, or action on my part.  Note: I am an experienced options trader (15+ years), have worked at a hedge fund, have worked at the worlds largest private equity firm, and now work in venture capital. You savants are as legit as most of these hedge fund jebronies any day of the week.   Obligatory: currently holding 400 $GME shares. Will buy 20 more ASAP, obviously. Bought in starting at $35 and still buying more (mostly holding shares in Schwab now bc f’k RH). HOLD. THE. LINE!!!                     Anyway, I’ve experienced some serious shenanigans from Robinhood today that I think goes beyond just their no trading $GME lunacy. Want to see if anyone else got screwed in a similar way and discuss how to get Robinhood to fix this.   Back when $GME was at $35, I made a small bet on GME by purchasing 1/29 $49 $50 long call spreads. This means that I bought $49 calls and sold $50 calls, all on one trade ticket (as a spread). If the stock were to close above $50 at expiration or exercise, I should net the difference of $100 per spread. This trade cost me a measly $15 per spread, which should have been the maximum possible loss. I poured most of my $ into buying shares, obviously, but I couldn’t resist placing a couple small options trades just for fun.   Because of Robinhood’s arbitrary policy changes, this small options trade (which was deeply in the money) was transformed into a massive loss. Here’s how:  At like 4am today, Robinhood “assigned” my short call options, meaning it forced my account to sell 100s of GameStop shares at $50/share. This would normally be a welcome event given my call spread was deeply in the money. I should have been able to exercise my long call options to simultaneously buy 100 shares per contract at $49/share (on most brokerage platforms, this would happen automatically), immediately netting the difference as a realized gain (so a $100 gain per contract). I of course tried to immediate exercise my $49 calls. Instead, Robinhood had removed my ability to exercise my $49 call options (presumably due to it restricting all buying of the stock). So in essence, it forced me to sell shares at $50 but refused me my right to buy shares at $49. This would already be a problem, but then it got much worse.   After to the forced sale of shares at $50 due to option assignment and inability to exercise my $49 options, my account ended up with a net short position in $GME! In no world did I want to be short $GME!!!! Then, without my knowledge or consent, Robinhood automatically sold other securities in my account and used the proceeds to buy-back $GME stock to close out the short position. Furthermore, their automatic buy (which again, I was not notified of nor did I consent to) placed a limit buy order at $426/share at market open, which was $161/share higher than the stock’s opening price! Naturally, the trade executed right away and instead of executing at the then current market price, it bought 100s of shares at $426 each! Again, this is instead of automatically exercising or allowing me to exercise the call option I already held in my account giving me the right to purchase shares at $49.  Finally, like many others, I was not able to purchase the stock when I wanted to today. I had limit buy orders at $200 outstanding! Wtf!  There is no reason why call spread, purchased for $15 and in the money at anything &gt;$50/share, should have resulted in a $15k loss.   As a sophisticated investor who understands the math and the contractual rights and obligations of options contracts, it is absolutely unconscionable and should be impossible what Robinhood unilaterally and arbitrarily did in my account.  Recap: RH auto-forced my acct to sell 100s of shares to someone at $50 and then forced me to buy them back at $426 (ending up with 0 $GME shares)... all while I had plenty of call options to cover this and not letting me execute!!!  Conclusion: RH super shady. Buying $GME with everything I’ve got in Schwab.            Edit: thanks for the flair, and great call u/kstorm88 you're right! This pretty much nails it.
We won, but not without a cost. Robinhood is lifting the restrictions
We did it boys. But this was a despicable and disgusting move that has had rumors of coming directly from the White House. If this experience wasn’t eye opening for you, if you do not now see just how fucking dirty they can play, then you’ve had your eyes closed and your ears shut. Trading will resume on robinhood at market open, but this move will not go unpunished. The class action needs to go through, the people must make these types of blatant manipulation (and gaslighting)  cough  Steven Cohen Twitter   cough cough  come with a 0 tolerance policy from the users. I will still be moving my funds out of robinhood as soon as I cash out of GME and my other stocks. The show goes on boys. We won.  Edit/
WSB getting ready for war
Jon Stewart just joined twitter and he likes the stock!
What Brokerage should I be trading through if not Robinhood?
Are there any not linked to Apex clearing that didn't fuck us today?     Edit: Looks like Fidelity is the answer, even e-trade had stopped some trades. Thanks, guys.
Hmm... wonder why they had to do that
Robinhood Is Said to Draw on Credit Lines From Banks Amid Tumult
Holding Strong  🙏
I wasn’t aware we all got together to save companies affected by COVID. 🤦🏻‍♂️ Their radio broadcast earlier was also full of lies. I expect this shit from CNBC but not NPR.
GME GANG- WISDOM FROM ONE APE TO ALL!
Alright my beautiful   listen up.  Firstly, well done on holding today. I know it can be scary and doesn't feel like a win (down $40k personally, I know alot of you have more and i'm proud to serve with you) but the strength, autism and resilience we showed today was incredible. BUT THE WAR ISN'T OVER! They are just turned on the heat.  My dad (not elon, my silverback fathers name was Harambe) used to tell me: "The test of a man/  isn't how he behaves when things are going well, rather how he preserves when they aren't." Today, we got drilled more than once by some of the dirtiest, illegal tactics that i've ever seen. And still, WE HELD.    I always find it helpful to take the positives out of a negative situation. So here is my list of APES UNIFIED STRONG TOGETHER IS SCARING MANIPULATORS (AUTISM APES)    1. We are at closing bell $200, last Thursday around $40ish. Thats 500% increase since then, not too shabby considering most of us couldn't buy today and the scumbags had their way. 2. We know that these hedge fund manipulative bastards have increased (yes,  INCREASED) their short positions  and going to have to close some margin calls tomorrow. We knew they weren't going to play fair. We knew that the media was going to portray us in this light. Millions of shares through options will need to be executed. Tomorrow, it might get even more bloody out there but we must hold and buy every god damn dip (if we can). 3. The   Senate is meeting on todays events this evening. Also, if any hedge fund/Robinhood puppet/SEC is reading this post, I want you to think about your pathetic excuse for not letting us trade today as "$GME is just too Volatile" and look at it today when retail investors/apes could not partake. THANK GOD IT WAS SO SMOOTH, NO VOLATILITY AT ALL. VERY CLEAN. VERY LEGAL...  BUT, lets get something straight.   TODAY THE WORLD   took notice of what is really happening. Some day in 2030, when we are all roaming together in the jungle throwing poo at one another and beating our chests in our teslas, they will make a documentary of the real PLANET OF THE APES, and this will be the opening scene. Apes in Zoo's from Berlin, Sydney and Hong Kong were calling me via their   phones asking me what was happening.    MOST IMPORTANTLY: Todays events have now unified Republicans and Democrats. I can't read but someone told me that Donald Trump Jr, AOC, Mark Cuban, Ted Cruz, Dave Portnoy, Chamath, Jordan MOTHER FUCKING Belford & Ja Rule & God damn Kramer were all on our side! Less than 3 weeks ago there was almost a god damn civil war and now they are all ON OUR SIDE.    If someone would have told me that the list above (an all time having a beer with list), were all strongly in agreement on a major issue in America one month ago, I would have slapped them in the face with my shoe and told them I am autistic, not a retard.  Now, the cream of the crop is our SWEET SWEET DADDY ELON is defending his gang of apes and letting the world know of the corruption of the shorts. For those who can indeed read and are new here, if I were a betting chimp on Elon vs Shorts (The richest daddy in the world vs analyst/wall street gurus) I would throw all my banana's and money on him if it wasn't already in $GME.  My point here is that unified, we cannot be beat but individually we will be crushed. Our lord and Savior u/Deepfuckingvalue is still Diamond handing, and so can you. The GOAT took $14m to the dome and is ready for tomorrow. To quote Batman aka Christian Bale aka Dr Michael Burry "The night is darkest before dawn" (or something idk i'm an ape with a keyboard)  THE ROAD AHEAD WILL BE BUMPY, BUT YOU WILL BE REWARDED FOR BUYING AND HOLDING $GME. THIS IS OUR MOMENT. DO NOT FEAR.     PS: This isn't financial advice. If you hedge fund lurkers can't figure that out (literally talking about throwing poo) then maybe we aren't the retards after all.     EDIT 1: The zookeeper had just put me back in my cage and gave me 50   to munch on for using full sentences. Then, Joe came back and told me people were asking positions or ban so he took 20   away from me. Firstly, fuck you and secondly 310 shares and adding more tomorrow AM. Now let me pick my nose, fling poo and eat my banana's in peace to prepare for battle tomorrow my  .
Now which retard did this?
$AG gain today. Just the beginning, Silver has a long way to go. Watch out JP Morgan
You are all being outsmarted bigly. Don't let them fight out of the corner, snap out of it and pin them again.
Don't let the hype get to you, we're barely making a dent in Wall St. Indices are up today, everything is going according to plan for them.  You think this is WSB vs Melvin? It's not. This is Navalny vs Putin, we're all just along for the ride. It's not like all the rich people in the world were shorting GameStop and then America's working class became the only buyers on the market. Ryan Cohen isn't working class. Plenty of money was long on GME from the start.   You think you've never seen reddit and the internet so united on something? During the Obama presidency all social media platforms including reddit did a blackout one day to protest for net neutrality. Was that so ineffective you completely forgot about it? 2 Presidents later, are your internet connections reliable or does YouTube still magically work better than all other video sharing sites?  Robinhood's CEO couldn't care less about this lawsuit, in fact he's probably in on it. The description of Robinhood's offenses in that filing document had the grammar of an Indian scammer and it's not normal for the lawsuit to have been filed this quickly. The class action lawsuit is just something the colluders are doing to distract everyone from filing real lawsuits. This way the colluders won't have to pay a dime, they'll just have to steal from Robinhood's investors to pay some token sum, and it's not like they mind stealing.   There's a big market correction coming and brokers are going to be scrutinized for it. Before today, that scrutiny would have included questions of why basic risk mitigation methods brokers have used in the past were not used here. By staging a big heist and framing it as risk mitigation, they make risk mitigation seem entirely fake and make sure nobody will care about any questions of why brokers left clients to swim or drown. I'm not saying I would necessarily want them to interfere with the trades of clients to save them from losses when the big crash happens, letting people think and act for themselves seems good to me, but it's still very dumb to let the brokers shut down the whole conversation.  It's not like this means your broker will stop using fake risk prevention as an excuse to steal from you. It just means nobody will ever ask why they don't do  actual  risk prevention, and in the eyes of dumbass regulators they'll get to play an angle of "poor me, when I do risk prevention they accuse me of stealing, I guess I shouldn't even try to help them."   You think everyone's just gonna switch to a good broker and everything's gonna be ok? There is no good broker. Paying commission creates a house advantage directly. Paying no commission creates a house advantage indirectly by making it financially sustainable to freely manipulate the trades of users without any consequences. There is no legitimate broker who will just let a poor person buy and sell whatever stock or option contract they want whenever they want and collect the majority of their own gains. The stock market is owned by rich people, the brokerages are owned by rich people, they don't want you to win, what makes you think they'll let you?   The wealthy and the intelligent are in a race to kill each other. The wealthy are not willing to let intelligent people live and intelligent people are not willing to let the wealthy kill them so the wealthy are trying to wipe out everyone who's not on their side fast enough to stop smart people from taking their wealth and smart people are trying to take away their wealth fast enough to stop them from killing everyone. Last year's new culling method was covid, the next year's will be a famine. Many people will be starving to death. Many of those will be in the utter hell of knowing they would have been ok if they hadn't been outsmarted by the rulers and robbed via stock market manipulation and psychological warfare. I can't save all of you but I hope this post saves somebody from losing the psychological war.  If you can be smart enough to learn from this situation you can probably beat all this market manipulation and avoid being one of the ones to starve. Stay aware of your risks moving forward and design your trades to eliminate those risks. Design your trades to leave the ruling class with no options. Don't let one side use you against the other side in the ruling class' competition for hierarchichal supremacy, play both sides against each other as appropriate and use their game against them to benefit yourselves. Don't sell GME too early and give all your money to one side but don't sell GME too late and give all your money to the other side either. If enough of us are smart we can back all of them further into their corner and make them regret today. If too many of us are lemmings, well, everyone's chances get a lot worse in this big rat race.
You were the chosen one! It was said that you would destroy the billionaire elites, not join them. Bring balance to wallstreet!
Hello again, my GME Bulls, while we have some downtime. Let me inform you where GME stands and the impact going forward.
Hello GME Bulls, new and old. Since my last post, we've grown over 3,000,000+ in connoisseurs of fine idiotic posts. I welcome you all My Brothers in arms. Today has been a bloody day. Fuck this system that has brought many a good soldier down, and left our soldiers stranded behind the $400 enemy lines. Fear not we are coming back for you very soon.     In my previous post,    I want to reiterate something important now that things have finally shifted in the upwards direction. We know from Ortex data, their estimates, which seem to have some accuracy, that EOD Wed Jan 27th 51 Million shares are still sold short. This is now less than the Outstanding shares held within the vaults of institutions/Board of Directors, but it is a net benefit for you all the diamond hands. See, what happens when a short position is started, they create a synthetic share that is then passed around in the market. More than likely, the share that you own is a synthetic share. When a short seller closes out their position,   buys back a share from the open market that synthetic share is going back to the rightful owner, and that share no longer exists. Poof. Gone.  What does that mean for you, the courageous, defying-all-odds diamond hander? all those synthetic shares start to dry up, so the supply dries up. When supply dries up, but there is still an overwhelming demand to buy those shares back, economics 101 says the price goes up.     There has definitely been a wrench in the plan with cutting out the retail buyer, about roughly 30-50% of the buying volume, as seen today with a total trading volume of 54 million shares, vs the astounding 100m+ volume we have been having because, now you and I cannot amass more shares.  As long as we hold our shares like we have been doing through thick and thin, that synthetic float dries up. Consistently we've been over 100%+ of float due to those synth shares just disappearing, which is going to make things even more volatile going forward. bigger ups and downs, but there will be a tipping point where either we go too high and finally take profits, or we go too low and panic sell. I know which one I'd rather see transferring into my bank account, and on the headlines. I stand here, with my collection of shares, to make a stand. A stand for everyone that doesn't have access to these big fish tools, that allows them to act the victim when their own greed caused their downfall.     TL,DR: Fuck you, you dont get one this time.
Buy GME with cash
I'm just going to let Robinhood's statement do the talking:     >   Amid this week’s extraordinary circumstances in the market, we made a     tough     decision today to temporarily limit buying for certain securities.   As a brokerage firm, we have many financial requirements, including SEC net capital obligations and clearinghouse deposits. Some of these requirements fluctuate based on volatility in the markets and can be substantial in the current environment. These requirements exist to protect investors and the markets and we take our responsibilities to comply with them seriously, including through the measures we have taken today.   When you buy on margin it increase their obligations and risk.  So don't give them that excuse.  Don't use margin.  Buy it with your own money.  Tell your friends and family.  Yes it will be a wild ride and many people will lose their investment.  It will be worth it to see wall street puke in the big squeeze.
NVAX releases awesome positive phase 3 data -$NVAX to the moon
% efficacy NVAX vs WT covid19 strain ( Moderna -94%, BioNTech/Pfizer -95%)  First company to report data on UK strain   efficacy  SA strain efficacy drops to 60%  Safety -  Slightly better than mRNA vaccines and protein vaccination around for a long time  TLDR - The first vaccine to demonstrably show it works against multiple strains and maybe the best in class.
Anybody with some brains out there....? Why does my Fidelity chart/order book keep showing these random sells for ~$193, even though the depth chart has orders at asking price? I have been seeing this for the last   days. Seems super suspect, but it may just be a glitch...
More good news for $BB
Robinhood fearful - now going to allow limited quantity purchases tomorrow for $GME $BB $NOK $AMC
Email I recieved from Robinhood
Hi Jason,  It’s been a tough day, and we’re grateful to you for being a Robinhood customer. In light of the extraordinary market conditions this week, we temporarily limited buying for certain securities this morning. Starting tomorrow, we plan to allow limited buys of these securities. We’ll continue to monitor the situation and may make adjustments as needed.   This was a temporary decision made to best continue serving you, and was not an easy one to make. We know it’s led to frustration and confusion, and wanted to provide some clarity.  As a brokerage firm, we have many financial requirements, including SEC net capital obligations and clearinghouse deposits. Some of these requirements fluctuate based on volatility in the markets and can be substantial in the current environment. These requirements exist to protect investors and the markets and we take our responsibilities to comply with them seriously, including through the measures we have taken today.  To be clear, this decision was not made on the direction of any market maker we route to or other market participants.  The past year in particular has shown us that the financial markets are for everyone—not just institutional investors and hedge funds. We’ve seen a new generation enter the market, and they’re sparking conversations about what it means to be an investor. We stand in support of you, our customers. Democratizing finance for all means giving more people access, not less.  We’ll keep monitoring market conditions and will update this Help Center article with the latest changes. We also published a blog post regarding today’s events.  Thank you again for being a Robinhood customer. We’re so grateful for your support.  Sincerely, The Robinhood Team
STONKSTORY - Spent a portion of the day making THIS and HOLDING! Don't back down! (Vid too long for Reddit, so I had to divide it up- sorry)
The email from Robin Hood for others to see...
Hi J, It’s been a tough day, and we’re grateful to you for being a Robinhood customer. In light of the extraordinary market conditions this week, we temporarily limited buying for certain securities this morning. Starting tomorrow, we plan to allow limited buys of these securities. We’ll continue to monitor the situation and may make adjustments as needed.  This was a temporary decision made to best continue serving you, and was not an easy one to make. We know it’s led to frustration and confusion, and wanted to provide some clarity. As a brokerage firm, we have many financial requirements, including SEC net capital obligations and clearinghouse deposits. Some of these requirements fluctuate based on volatility in the markets and can be substantial in the current environment. These requirements exist to protect investors and the markets and we take our responsibilities to comply with them seriously, including through the measures we have taken today. To be clear, this decision was not made on the direction of any market maker we route to or other market participants. The past year in particular has shown us that the financial markets are for everyone—not just institutional investors and hedge funds. We’ve seen a new generation enter the market, and they’re sparking conversations about what it means to be an investor. We stand in support of you, our customers. Democratizing finance for all means giving more people access, not less. We’ll keep monitoring market conditions and will update this Help Center article with the latest changes. We also published a blog post regarding today’s events. Thank you again for being a Robinhood customer. We’re so grateful for your support. Sincerely, The Robinhood Team
IBKR chairman said that regulators / brokers agreed that restrictions on trading because they believed the short squeeze would  KEEP GOING AND GOING", so they had to "STOP THE LOSSES" - Jim Bianco
All in tomorrow. The collusion on the other side is absurd to point where true lessons need to be taught to these people.
What if Daddy Musk bought out GME? Some implications and calculations inside.
Ok so hear me out, I’m just thinking out loud here. What if TSLA bought out GME at   TSLA can finance the deal in all-stock with a $29 billion price tag.  Why do this?  1. TSLA would have to find some synergies with GME. Maybe use their retail locations as information centers for selling their cars. 2. He can spin this off as a publicity move to “bail-out” the little guy and take a   against blatant market manipulation. Remember, S Elon’s C. 3. $29b is just   of TSLA market cap. That means even if it was worth nothing, it would only be a   drop in stock price after they announce that deal.
Power to the Players!
Robinhood to enable  Limited  trading on GME/BB tomorrow - someone tell me if I should buy more now?
GME, AMC, BB, NOK, NAKD, AMC AND MORE WILL BE AVAILABLE FOR "LIMITED BUYS" TOMORROW ON ROBINHOOD! THEY ARE FEELING THE PRESSURE!!

The squeeze is back on folks! Buy like your life depends on it!
LET’S FUCKING GO!!! $GME $AMC $BB BUT REALLY ONLY $GME
It runs very deep, my friends.
This isn’t market manipulation
Alright listen up fellow gamers, I have a very easy explanation for the recent news about this GameStop situation being “market manipulation” from “Reddit chatboards”  It seems that the general demographic of Reddit is a bunch of computer nerd freaks who love gaming. Am I wrong? That’s the truth. DFV is a true geek, one of the greatest value investors the world has ever seen and it’s fucked that he will not get any credit for his in depth analysis. I mean look at his YT channel. He has been streaming for hours on end for past 6 months.   DFV realized that GameStop was being shorted into fucking bankruptcy. This is important, because REDDIT is a bunch of GAMER FREAKS who love GameStop. Why would we let a giant hedge fund drive this stock into bankruptcy? We love to game?????? It’s not market manipulation its value investing for a company that WE LOVE.    I don’t hold any positions, but I have loved every second of this frenzy. DFV is a king and I hope the boomer reporters and hedge fund managers actually take out their fuckin notebooks for once because this is the new market. POWER TO THE PLAYERS  Edit: not financial advice. Make your own decisions
The S  is back in full force
IF YOU WANT TO TRANSFER TO ANOTHER TRADING APP, PLEASE READ!!
DO NOT TRANSFER YOUR ACCOUNT IF MOVING TO A NEW BROKER. Open a new account on a different broker and fund it. If you transfer your account, it could be up to 15 days before you are even able to sell your transferred securities. RH will lock your account during the transfer. I transferred two weeks ago and still don't have access to the cash in my account and can't transfer it out.  Make sure people know this!  Obviously not financial advice but a warning that you can be locked out of your account and unable to continue trading.  EDIT 1: Some of you guys have pointed out that getting the money from your RH accounts will take a few days, which is true and while you do that you might miss very important dates of     GME.
30k CRSR Calls YOLO
2021->2020
SEC Justifying their decision to ignore blatant market manipulation, and investigate retail investors
How the US market seems no different from the Chinese reality after today - foreign retail investor perspective.
I have traded, invested and YOLO gambled for 10 years now, this is my 11th.  I have little funds, I'm not the most successful one, my risk profile is literally ADHD (diagnosis in hand), but I have my ups and my downs. Overall, I've made more money than I've lost so I consider my journey worthwhile - not just for my finances, but also for my personal education.  My WSB account only equates 15% of my net worth, 80% is in index funds and 5% in penny stocks.  I early on decided to trade primarily in US markets, simply because of 2 things: world reserve currency status and trading volume compared to other stock markets.  That being said, after today my confidence in the US markets is heavily eroded. As a Norwegian retail investor, the blatant class warfare market manipulation carried out by various broker-dealers today is in principle no different than the Communist Party of China appropriating wealth and equity from individuals and companies alike, especially foreign investors.  In China, it's the political elite that enriches themselves by outright stealing from the plebeians and commoners, dressing it up in fancy political ideology talk.  In the USA, it's the capitalist elite that enriches themselves by outright stealing from the plebeians and commoners, dressing it up in fancy economical ideology talk.  If this doesn't lead to any real repercussions for the criminal scum at the top (much like 2008), I'm not going to feel nearly as confident placing my funds into US markets in the future. While Scandinavian markets offer laughable volume by comparison, I feel much safer trusting that my funds won't be outright stolen from me.  Wonder what happens if that erosion of trust in the American financial system starts spreading to more than just one stupid YOLOer on WSB.  Your elite class is playing with fire, just my 2 cents.  I've filed complaints with SEC over this, first time ever that I've even had to contact any US regulatory agencies in my life.  $3,500\~ overall loss today on a 7 month long hold on $NOK, allegedly to protect me.  You know who else in American history demanded protection money? The mob.
Then we shall trade in the shade.
Guess who's pissed off and circling the wagons??
EVEN THE PORN SITES ARE WITH US!!!
What are you going to do about it?
For some of you OGs, you’ll remember at the start of Wuflu, SPY and the market was taking a shit. Robinhood and some other brokerages shut their users out of trading. Did anything change from a year ago? Fuck no.  The market is rigged against us, collusion, backdoor dealings, corrupt assholes, but how can fellow retards make an impact? Choose a financial institution that supports you, place your hard earned motherfucking tendies in a broker that doesn’t fuck with your investment, use Credit Unions (because fuck the big banks), contact your politicians.  Can we individually sue these assholes into oblivion by submitting small claims court cases? What if we were to organize a boiler plate small claims lawsuit we could copy and submit?   Individually, we are strong, but together, we are unstoppable.   Now, what are you going to do about it?
Apparently it’s only ok when the 1% do it.
ROBINHOOD TO ALLOW LIMITED PURCHASING OF "CERTAIN SECURITIES" TOMORROW
EMAIL TEXT:   >It’s been a tough day, and we’re grateful to you for being a Robinhood customer. In light of the extraordinary market conditions this week, we temporarily limited buying for certain securities this morning. Starting tomorrow, we plan to allow limited buys of   these securities  .    >We’ll continue to monitor the situation and may make adjustments as needed.     >This was a temporary decision made to best continue serving you, and was not an easy one to make. We know it’s led to frustration and confusion, and wanted to provide some clarity.  As a brokerage firm, we have many financial requirements, including SEC net capital obligations and clearinghouse deposits. Some of these requirements fluctuate based on volatility in the markets and can be substantial in the current environment. These requirements exist to protect investors and the markets and we take our responsibilities to comply with them seriously, including through the measures we have taken today.  To be clear, this decision was not made on the direction of any market maker we route to or other market participants.    >The past year in particular has shown us that the financial markets are for everyone—not just institutional investors and hedge funds. We’ve seen a new generation enter the market, and they’re sparking conversations about what it means to be an investor. We stand in support of you, our customers. Democratizing finance for all means giving more people access, not less.  We’ll keep monitoring market conditions and will update this Help Center article with the latest changes. We also published a blog post regarding today’s events.  Thank you again for being a Robinhood customer. We’re so grateful for your support.    EDIT:     I don't use R-wordHood and neither should you. Get a real brokerage. These guys are the   of brokerage. All they did is make everyone realize that getting charged so much per transaction is ridiculous, and every respectable brokerage has already caught up
Don't move a muscle.
BREAKING: Robinhood to open buys (likely non-margin) tomorrow for GME and other restricted securities - TO THE MOON
How fucked am I? GME 200C 1/29 held on ROBINHOOD
Posistions 4 200c and 2 320c both 1/29 held on Robinhood. They sent an email saying they're more likely to auto sell my contracts tomorrow, worst part is I can't buy GME with the money they sell them for because THEY BLOCK GME BUYING AS YOU ALL KNOW! Are my calls screwed compared to what they could have been? I'm opening fidelity and dumping all the money I would have got from RH's autoselling into Gamestop, draining all the other money I was keeping on the sidelines as I was already heavily into GME with these calls.
Robinhood update
Coward less Boarding Station for our rocket Ships?
As the unofficial mafia of the business world tirelessly attempts to take us down, they've pocketed a bunch of goons (RH, TDA, WEBULL, ETC) all in efforts to silence us for their own missed rocket ship.  Are there any clients (boarding stations) that are willing to standup and get that recognition for allowing it users to buy and sell stocks on equal playing grounds?  Can we pincer attack them with a combo of holding the line (buying more too) and using a client willing to be different; willing to allow autists to remain autists, retards to be retards?    Although it's not the dev's fault, I'm ready to leave a lovely review of the RH client and many others.  Won't stop, can't stop!  Lets goooooooooooooooo!
Don’t stop holding, men!
APES STRONG TOGETHER, YOU MAGNIFICANT PEOPLE WE HELD OUT! TIME TO GO TO SPACE
Noob from the UK here and have multiple questions regarding whats going on with the shutting down of Buying as an Option.
So I'm a total noob and have been following this for the past 2 days. I bought 10 shares of AMC at 16.something because I like the stock and really like movies and was quite angry when I found I could not buy anymore if I wanted to from Trading212. So here are the questions.     1. What can I do about this on a political level? I saw lots of people saying to contact your local congressperson but I'm not sure how it works in my country, I am scottish. 2. What are my other options? I looked into a bunch of other ones but apparently they all are blocking buys OR are blocked in my country. I looked up Fedility but it asks me to make payments up-front? 3. What can i do on a legal level? Is there any class action lawsuit I can join in against Trading212?     Also sorry for no GME, im a nervous/anxious sort :L
Protest Outside Robinhood Headquarters
RobinHood Insider Alleges White House Pressured Company To Close Gamestop Trades – Lawsuit Filed
IMPORTANT! READ THIS! I think they did us a fucking FAVOR!
I think they did us a fucking FAVOR!  I just realized something. Spend all day livid because of brokers stopping us from buying but it just dawned on me that they might actually have done us a FAVOR! Here's why...  Remember the gamma squeeze last week? If I understand it correctly, the reason it happened was because the stock price was above all the available call strikes ON EXPIRY DAY. Remember that part.  So this week, they added new strikes every day because the price kept going up past the strikes -- BUT THERE'S NO GAMMA SQUEEZE BECAUSE IT HAS TO HAPPEN ON EXPIRY DAY! So each day, the price would be above all strikes and they would just add new strikes for the next day.  But today, they won't because the trading price is too low to justify.  Which means.... tomorrow, if the price is over 570, there will be another gamma squeeze!!!  $1000 tomorrow! To the fucking mooooooooooooooooooon!
I’m so proud of you all.
Alpaca markets re-enabling trading for GME etc
So they are a very small brokerage, but Alpaca markets disabled trading on GME and others (I got the notification at 1:25 PM), then I guess re-enabled again (4PM today).       Alpaca  .  It's possible Alpaca was trying to "protect" its users, but I wonder if one of their partners was applying pressure to them to go sell-only for these stocks to help a friendly hedge fund.
If RH wants me to sell, then I will - $  or bust
Wall Street is out of bullets.
They tried to short the stock into oblivion.   We saw. We bought. We held.   They hemorrhaged funds and bailed each other out.   We laughed and bought more.  They manipulated the stock down with short ladders and doubling down on their short interest.   We bought the dips and began to squeeze.   They convinced our platforms to block us from buying, even forced some to sell.   We said fuck robinhood et all, rode the wave, and bought and held with platforms that support the people (shoutout fidelity).   What else have they left to do? The brokers who still allow free trading wouldn’t dare face the same backlash robinhood and others have received. Hedge funds can keep doubling down on their shorts and try to manipulate their stock but they know we’ll hold. The day of reckoning is upon us, the battle has just begun, and they’re already out of bullets. This is a fight for the people now, stand strong brothers.   Not financial advice, take your own risks.
NVAX just announced their Interim results! Incredible news, we have a 3rd vaccine that is on par with Pfizer and Moderna in terms of efficacy.
Novavax vaccine shown to have   efficacy in their UK Phase 3 trials.:     This is incredible news not just for the stock but in term of the Covid situation. They are right in line with the other two major vaccines in terms of efficacy.  What's really important here is that the Novavax Vaccine is fundamentally different than the mRNA based ones produced by Pfizer and Moderna.   This is amazing news. Shout out to u/Upstairs_Speech for his incredible DD.   Edit:   UP 20% after hours, this thing is going to run in the next few weeks.
Citadel claims 'Citadel Securities has not instructed or otherwise caused any brokerage firm to stop, suspend or limit trading or otherwise refuse to do business'
In with 50.
Explanation for the issues today
Webull and many of the other platforms use Apex Clearing Corporation, which chose to not allow buying of GME and AMC.  Robinhood clears its own trades, they are 100% the devil and did this of their own accord.  You may have used CashApp or Revolut, which were working fine for most people. These two use a company called DriveWealth.   Apex clearing corporation and Robinhood are both very strongly linked to Citadel. DriveWealth on the other hand, does not seem to have any strong link. Hmm.
TOO LATE, SELLOUTS.
Some information about a stock I like
I really like GME. Like a lot. What I dont like is people thinking some sort of squeeze is DEFININTELY happening TOMORROW. That's not a guarantee and I'm not sure when that narrative started or if its a bot wave trying to get people to settle for less.     Please consider visiting :     for more information.     I for one, really like this stock and I am holding forever.  Obviously this isn't financial advice because I am not capable of rational thought
Do you realize what today means?
With the announcement by Senator Feinstein that there will be committee hearings about the short-selling on GME that got these rich, golden spoons in big no-no trouble:  Wallstreetbets is going to Congress.    We will hear financial "experts" talk about this sub, as we have been hearing them on the news for several days now, but in the people's house. Realize what this subreddit is, what it's for, and understand everyone is watching.  We like the stock.
RH allowing limited buying of GME
[VIDEO] Called E TRADE - they stopped taking open orders on GME,AMC
Today Wasn’t The First Lesson.
Today was a shock to many of you newcomers, but if you’ve been a member of this sub before, it shouldn’t be a shock.  Robinhood sucks. If you were buying puts during the crash in March 2020, you’d know this. Outages and cancelled orders everywhere. If you stayed on Robinhood after that, honestly, that’s your own fault.  CNBC sucks. If you watched Bill Ackman yell about the sky falling in March 2020 right after he loaded up on shorts and made hundreds of millions after CNBC viewers listened to him and sold everything, you’d know this. If you care even a little bit about staying up to date about financial news, you would spend the chump change it costs to get a Bloomberg News subscription.  None of this is new. If this is your first time, heed the warnings and ditch RH and CNBC - they aren’t on your side.  (I own $TSLA AND $GME positions, no options like a boomer)
If you want to get back at your broker and have free-time don't join a class action.
Once someone files a class action lawsuit you can dig up their complaint with a little bit of googling, copy it pretty much word for word then file suit at your local court.  Your broker will then be stuck with the choice of spending thousands in legal fees to send an attorney to your pleb county to defend them or just settling.  Even better; if they don't show up you get the default judgement (whatever amount you claimed in damages initially.     Note:  In most counties the limit for small claims is 10k  Edit: Damn this blew up fast; If you want updates on the status of some of these class actions AttorneyTom on YouTube is doing a whole series on it. Once upon a time I was a paralegal so my experience actually arguing cases is limited to small claims.
BE FUCKING CAREFUL if your are moving your shit off Robinhood, the process can take over a week and your account will be frozen in the meantime.
Seeing a shit ton of comments about people deleting Robinhood and moving over to another broker. I use RH also and they will never get another cent out of me EVER, but you need to be aware that transferring your portfolio is NOT an instant process.  And they will freeze your account (no buying or selling ANYTHING) until the process is 100% complete   The process involves your new broker sending a request to RH requesting to move your portfolio over. When RH gets that request they will IMMEDIATELY freeze your account entirely.  You won’t be able to do anything through RH anymore.     The process will normally take 3-5 business days but I’m sure with all the insanity going on it’s likely to take considerably longer.      I’m not a financial advisor but in my opinion you are sadly stuck with your current broker until the GME situation is over, if you are planning on being involved in it.
Billionaire Point72 hedge fund boss and MLB owner defiant after GameStop loss and says he’s ‘trying to make a living’
Yo what the fuck. Jamie, you are nobody. Gtfo
Scott Melker is one of us!
IM not selling FUCK em !
Here Is An Updated List of Where You Can Buy GME. Stay Strong and Hold Until Melvin Closed Positions and Buys Your Shares.        (Final Version)
Caught someone selling $155 million of GME. The Squeeze has not been Squoze
I was watching orderflow and I caught an institutional seller. Sold over 800k shares (about $155 million) and it was probably adding to a short position. The squeeze has not been squoze yet. Hang on everyone.     Tons of small share sells came in before this, it might have been a ladder attack to establish downward momentum before a big short. I can't imagine shorting a stock that already dropped $300 in a day, but these institutions are out for blood. Keep up the good fight.  Up to date info:    Positions: $GME average $248
Fellow retards! Hold that shit. Don’t panic.
We got this! Buy more if you can
Can we come together?
What's the target sell price?!? 1k? 10k?
No jah no.
There's pie on the moon. I f  king promise you.🥧🌛
etrade turned off real time quotes in my Android app yesterday WITHOUT my knowledge!
Check your app settings if you have etrade on your phone or tablet! Other users are posting about this on Twitter.    Yesterday etrade "reached in" to my Android app's settings admid the GME frenzy and TURNED OFF realtime quote streaming, WITHOUT my knowledge or interaction!  I have had realtime quotes turned on for MONTHS in my Android etrade app and this morning I found it turned off.  I had no idea etrade could "push" updates to my phone app's settings to hurt my ability to trade on the most recent prices, which is complete bullshit.
AMC
CMONNN I WANNA SEE SOME FUCKING GROWTH AHHHH ᕙ[･۝･]ᕗ
Bought my 5 shares, now going to ignore the market until after it closes. Follow me and my 🔹 ️
Just bought $BB, Stay strong and hold brothers!
HOLD YOUR GROND (or rather, shares)
Good guy Schwab not blocking trades and upgrading their servers
LXRX TO THE MOON
Lexicon Pharmaceuticals has been doing NUMBERS. Just started trials for a new diabetes drug and we can take it HIGHER. BUY BUY BUY BUY
Short interest and days to cover. Strap the fuck in this is going to pluto
DIAMOND HANDS UP (PART 1)
More fuckery abounds. This is the view from the UK today. They're trying to stop the international community jumping on. Luckily I put in my order last night.
HELP - Hey WSB, I did a transfer yesterday (I know I shouldn't have and my assets are probably stuck now) but I see the share counts is not right from Robinhood to Fidelity.
Am i jumping the gun on it because i see on Fidelity i have 1 GME and 4 Tesla shares. However on Robinhood i have   GME, 64 AMC, and   NOK. PLEASE HELP
DEGIRO ONLY ALLOWING LIMIT ORDERS FOR GME AND AMC -- EU BOIS LISTEN UP
Message came out at 16:30 (GMT+2). EU YOU CAN STILL BUY JUST USE LIMIT ORDERS.  My positions: GME 100 @ 160€
AMC purchase
Get it on amc, I’m hearing she is about to take off as many shorts expire soon  Get in now
When does RH limit buy execute?
310$ for me and it went GME went under 310$, it didn’t execute, what do?
Halppp I’m a doing this right?
This is high-key illegal
Shorters are going to hold too.
The shorters dont have to buy back shares immediately. Their strategy is going to be to wait the paper hands out, drive the price down, and then buy and crawl out of their losses inch by inch.    This entirely depends on dumdums selling their golden nuggets. How many golden nuggets are you going to give them? I've got mine and I'm diamond handing it. Why would I give up my golden nugget?   But realize they're going to hold as long as they can. They've already started hitting other shorts to build up cash for the inevitable GME squeeze. They cant hold forever of course but I guarantee you monday and tuesday are going to dip because of paper hands.    So in the upcoming days, you'll have a discount on golden nuggets while the stock betas hold and wait for you to sell. You have FREE MONEY incoming in greater   you hold.  All you need to care about is the short interest ratio. Dont sell based on the stock price YET. Watch that short interest ratio and wait for it to approach 1. That's when you start selling. By that time your golden nuggets will hit thousands and you'll have all your tendies as promised.    You might be a retard, but you're not stupid. Become a diamond hands and change your future.    Dicslaimer: I am retarded and know nothing. I am also wearing tin foil to avoid alien brainwaves.
$NOK needs love too
Help us NOK tards out!   GME gets all the love?     my NOK rocket can't get off the launch pad!
WSJ - SEC to Review Brokers’ Restrictions on GameStop, AMC Trading
Securities regulators said Friday they plan to closely review the actions of brokerage firms that moved to restrict investors’ ability to trade volatile stocks such as GameStop Corp. this week.  The Securities and Exchange Commission said regulators are on the lookout for potentially manipulative trading and asked the public to file tips or complaints about the “structure and operation” of markets.
6 MILLION RETARDS
Not a rich dude, but doing what I can. Bought 10 more GME at the open for $3,800. WE LIKE THIS STONK.
Friendly reminder to buy and hold AMC ☺️
HOLD UNTIL YOU SEE THE WHITES OF THEIR EYES
We've got then on the ropes. They're throwing everything they've got at us. We've taken their blows all week and shrugged them off. THEY'RE SCARED. YOU CAN SEE IT IN THEIR EYES. WE HOLD MEN. I won't call you a    because I KNOW everyone here is strong enough to remain unfazed and will laugh at the financial ruin that awaits them. WE CAN DO IT!!! TODAY WE MAKE HISTORY. THEY'LL BE TEACHING THIS MOMENT IN EVERY FINANCE CLASS FROM NOW BECAUSE OF US!!! WE AUTISTS CAN DO IT!!!
You guys are holding the stocks hella tight. BUY BUY BUY AND HOLD HOLD HOLD
I've been waiting since since 9:30 for my position to be filled, it's 10:15 and I'm still waiting.  Buy Buy Buy GME, BB, NOK, AMC!!!
Best app (UK)
I want to help the cause but don’t know what the best app to use is (UK) any help would be appreciated
Hold the Line!!
Are there going to be class action lawsuits against other brokeage firms?
My Ally invest account has been down for hours over the past two days and is down again this morning. Coincidence? I heard there are other brokeage firms also down for "maintenance." I need my GME fix!!
= When
I’m new to stocks I’m having mixed signals on when this will skyrocket I’ve heard Friday I’ve heard the weekend then next week when are we all becoming wealthy 🥂
JUST YOLO’D 50K EGP, LOVE FROM EGYPT
This is for you, Dad
I remember when the housing collapse sent a torpedo through my family. My father's concrete company collapsed almost overnight. My father lost his home. My uncle lost his home. I remember my brother helping my father count pocket change on our kitchen table. That was all the money he had left in the world. While this was happening in my home, I saw hedge funders literally drinking c  as they looked down on the Occupy Wall Street protestors. I will never forget that.  My Father never recovered from that blow. He fell deeper and deeper into alcoholism and exists now as a shell of his former self, waiting for death.   This is all the money I have and I'd rather lose it all than give them what they need to destroy me. Taking money from me won't hurt me, because i don't value it at all. I'll burn it all down just to spite them.  This is for you, Dad.
"Suck It, Wall Street" - Taibbi savages the hedge funds
Largest Short Interest Positions on 1/15/2021
$NIO and why its time to buy
There is a quick and simple analysis for you all:  • EPS has grown a significant 84% since last year  • NIO’s revenue grew by 56% since last year  • EV stocks are an incredibly popular buy & hold   • NIO’s revenue, deliveries, and growth are all expected to grow significantly over the next few years as we shift to an all-electric age  • NIO has is financially healthy and able to meet its short-term obligations with a quick ratio of    • Current quick ratio in the industry is  , so NIO is already 87% ahead of its peers  • NIO is currently a stable company making consistent progress, making it very unlikely for bankruptcy  • NIO is in a massive up-trend, currently consolidating in the 55-60 area making this an ideal “buy the dip” level  • NIO’s current consolidation and lack of news coverage means that NIO is not high in the spotlight, this makes it ideal to buy because as soon as good news hits the market, the price will rise significantly. It’s much better to buy now than the moment news comes out  • NIO’s delivery numbers are accelerating exponentially  • Not everyone is quite convinced with EV’s, so the moment they become more relevant or “less risky” in the coming years more investors will look to buy into EV’s  • NIO rose a total of 1,100% in 2020 making it one of the fastest growing EV stocks in the market  • We have an incredibly strong zone of demand in the $50 area in NIO with loads of limit buy orders  • There is a small supply zone in the $64 and the $67 areas, as soon as we break past those we will soar past uranus            Edit: my position is 400 NIO shares.          Go ahead and buy GME for now, the point of this post was for the          purpose of DD for you all.
GME rational consideration from a professional investor
I know it feels like you guys have discovered a cheat code with option gamma squeeze and short squeezes. For those who got in at <$50/share and made 10-50x on options. Congratulations.  I am not saying the populist anger isn’t justified or that our system is not flawed or that these hedge funds didn’t fuck up by shorting something with such a large short float. But sometimes it’s good to stay calm and analyze things rationally and consider the following opinions from someone who was burned by the short selling ban in 2008 and lost my shirt with my puts in 2012 betting on a cascading bank failure in European when Draghi announced LTRO. There are a lot of things that can go wrong with the infinite money machine thesis.  The more the price of GME rises, the likelihood that the SEC will institute a short term trading ban on the stock increases. But vegaseller, you say, we will just Hold and when it resumes  our infinite money wormhole will work again, time is on our side, the shorts have massive margins interests which are compounding.  The problem will be when a private deal is negotiated between GME management and a short seller consortium. It is highly likely there are already negotiations underway between some individual short sellers and the company on a private deal to issue new shares at a significant premium, although much lower than the current market price. Management will be happy to double the shares outstanding at anywhere from $20-100 shares/share, a considerably discount to the current share price. Their concerns are retiring their existing debts and generating cash on their balance sheet for a pivot rather than maintaining their current shares price.  And the higher the run-up in GME share price, the greater the incentive for short sellers to form a consortium and reach a private deals with management and the greater incentive for management to close a deal towards a higher price range. Once a deal is largely settled, they will loop the SEC in to institute a temporary trading halt on the stock.   If this happens, you guys would be left holding the bag and the share price could easily drop to $10-$50.  There is no shame in taking some money out. Just here to point out how the shorts can still get out at a much lower cost than you think. Again it’s just food for thought, make your own judgement.
$BB 1/29 Play
The goal is to push $BB past $30 for the options expiring tomorrow to be in the money and costing hedge funds over $330M. Let's show these Wall Street dicks who's in control. ️  ️  Here’s your DD:     Blackberry and Amazon: On Dec. 1, Blackberry announced it had partnered with Amazon Web Services to develop and bring to market BlackBerry's Intelligent Vehicle Data Platform, IVY. Automakers will be able to use the software for the smart and autonomous electric vehicles being developed.  Blackberry and Zoom: On Oct. 16, Blackberry announced it was partnering with Zoom. Zoom will be using Blackberry’s Blackberry Dynamics cybersecurity software in its mobile platform to protect companies from cyberattacks and data breaches. Blackberry Dynamics software also provides secure video conferencing, which Blackberry says will become more necessary as companies move away from in-person meetings.  Blackberry and Huawei: Earlier this month, it was reported that Blackberry had sold 90 patents to Chinese telecommunications company Huawei. Blackberry holds more patents than any other company in Canada, many that are applicable to smartphones that Blackberry no longer will concentrate on.  Blackberry and OnwardMobility: Despite Blackberry moving away from smartphones, last August Blackberry announced it would be partnering with OnwardMobility to help the tech startup produce Blackberry-branded smartphones with 5G technology. The phones are set to be released in the first half of this year.  $BB closed at   on 1/28, with a previous close of   $BB also faced restrictions on RH, so it must be good.  I believe within the coming months $BB will reach $50.      Note: This is not financial advice, I am merely a monkey seeking moonfront property. Seriously though, I am not a professional take my DD with a grain of salt.
Robinhood CEO On Trading Halts: 'We Made The Correct Decision'
Daily Discussion Thread Part 7 for January 28, 2021
Part 7. We like the users.    Reminder: Read the       and make sure other people follow them.    Try  , also accessible through the top bar.  For some cool info,  .
I hate the argument that WSB will create some poor "bagholders" with the GME play
Can I just say how much I fucking hate how some interviews (particularly the CNBC interview with Chamath) seem to focus on how "what these Redditors are doing is just going to leave these poor bagholders who thought GME could reach $15,000 and make them rich but lost everything when the stock finally goes back to normal".  Oh I'm sorry, did I hear any fucking violins when these hedge funds tried to force GME to go bankrupt, which would inevitably cause a ton of people to lose their jobs and lose their RSU's (I'm sure some employees had stock compensation)? Not only that, but these hedge funds were doing it without any transparency, on PURPOSE. It wasn't just a few shorts here and there, betting that maybe the stock was overvalued. No, this was a short of >100% of the available shares on the market (which is supposed to be illegal), a short so massively leveraged so as to sway momentum in their direction because "who would bet so much money if they were wrong". They weren't making just a simple "bet". They were betting the horse would lose the race whilst sneaking poison into the horse's food.  Reddit and everyone here is being fully transparent about what the GME play is and means. This is a short squeeze of epic proportions. This is a middle finger to those fuckers like Steve Cohen who always manage to break the law to make themselves rich without getting in trouble. No one here is saying GME will guarantee your retirement. Does a casino pull a person betting too wildly aside and say "hey you should probably stop, you're losing more money than you can afford to lose"? Do we have laws that protect those poor fucks who get shaken at casinos but can't stop because they're addicted? Yet here we have a play that anyone jumping into can easily research what the risks are and why they are jumping in before jumping and suddenly we are worried about some made up scenario where a poor kid who tried to follow WSB lost his savings with GME. If you don't want the stock market to be a casino, THEN BAN OPTIONS FOR EVERYONE - no more side bets, just buying stock like a boomer. If that's all the government/institutions want, the solution is right in front of them.  No one here denies that once the shorts get fucking fleeced and the positions close, this big fuck you is over. I don't know anyone buying GME shares without knowing why. Now, that's not to say that this scenario might not happen, I very well hope it doesn't but if some poor kid loses everything on the GME squeeze it was not because of WSB, it was because of the bullshit these hedge funds can pull. No stock should ever be this volatile unless you build a system that allows it to happen. If fucking Melvin Capital got margin called when they SHOULD HAVE AT LIKE $20 this whole thing would be over and things would stabilize at what a normal person would say is a "reasonable price based on fundamentals". But this is beyond fundamentals. This is about sending a strong message that if hedge funds can make these fucking absurd manipulative bets, then average investors should be allowed to make the opposite bet, and if they win, they did so legally and transparently. No one forced anyones hand at any time. No one is operating in the shadows like those fuckers do.  Anyway, I'm not even in GME because I'm a pussy and grew up with the "boomer stock mindset" but I've been growing. I've been a longtime lurker here, this place always provides me with a mix of fun knowledge and a ton of laughter.  But I just want to say thank you on behalf of all the normies busting their ass to make money the way this country claims your "supposed to" - despite the fact that wealth inequality continues to spiral out of control because people who play with stocks have entirely different rules, and their gains compound, while cash salaries simply move with inflation AT BEST.      I've read too many books like Liars Poker, Billion Dollar Whale, and Dark Edge to have anything but contempt for these hedge fund fuckheads. This entire story is giving the world the education those books give without forcing people to read. It's fucking genius, and the best way to educate a huge population in a short amount of time. Mad respect. Out.
A retail GME trader's rise to glory
I miss the old r/wallstreetbets
It’s crazy to see what’s going on with GME but the unfortunate side effect is that this sub is now mainstream and being invaded by newcomers who don’t know how to properly articulate on this sub. I rarely ever see users saying retard and autist now because instead it’s now full of people asking what options are or if they should buy 1 share of x stock at x price. just look at sort by new as an example. videos and memes that would have gotten downvoted to oblivion a few months ago are also being posted here by cringe karma farmers who manage to get tons of awards and upvotes. r/wallstreetbets pre   million subs was fucking gold. I miss the loss porn. I miss the good DD. I miss the non PC terms. I don’t want to sound like an asshole and it’s great to see this sub grow but it’s just not what it used to be.  edit: account is 177 days old because i had to delete my old one since it was too similar to my name. made a controversial comment on r/politics and was getting DMs on my instagram and facebook  edit: i understand that the newcomers have helped with fucking over melvin and citron and that’s awesome. seriously fuck them. everybody needs to do their part. I also wouldn’t even say that i’m trying to gate keep either. more just reminiscing on the past. I’m hoping that newcomers will start to understand what this sub is all about and i think it can be done. im just alarmed that im not seeing the words retard and autistic as much
All I have to say to CNBC is, “fuuuuuuuuck you”.
SEC Fraud Page is “undergoing routine maintenance” and you can’t submit tips. But you can use this number : 1-800-CALLFBI (225-5324) instead to report crime directly to the FBI
FRIDAY'S GAMEPLAN (MODS PLS CONSIDER)
Listen all of you retards tomorrow is probably the most important battle yet(end of month options expire and more!). We have witnessed the lengths the suits will go to so they can make us back down.  Tomorrow we will see shit come out of the woodwork that hasn't ever been witnessed in finance. I guarantee that all the Wall St CEOs know eachother well and they will start doing crazy shit tonight and during market tomorrow.  To have any chance at this WE MUST HOLD AND BUY. If you want to contribute to the fight then go on and get some more stock, options won't save us because we are not in possession of the shares, the suits could use that to trade them between themselves and negotiate new longer short contracts (so they can try to outlast us). Margin, as we have seen, will be terminated and given back to to the market.  Switch to a good brokerage (TD has worked for me) if you want to buy more, but I beg you don't close positions on the old one if you do.  WE LIKE THE STOCK         If we can hold and buy throughout tomorrow we will cause an unprecedented cultural and legal shift on Wall St, one that has never been seen before in history, one that we may not have a shot at reproducing for decades!   We do this so the suits can feel the GUH!   Disclaimer: Im not a financial advisor, Im a WSB retard that has put all his FDs into GME and AMC. I WILL NOT ACCEPT ANY MONETARY COMPENSATION FOR WHAT I DISCLOSE   Edit:adding autism  Edit 2: I would like to thank u/call_warrior for mentoring me to become a weaponized autist
Google Trends query volume from DC seems to suggest they're less interested in WSB than  Ahem  other parties... (12:11 AM Jan 29)

Robinhood conspiracy speculation and a call to action
This is not an accusation of RobinHood and may be completely false. This is entirely speculation.  I submit following speculation that is not based in hard evidence. I would like to call upon the power of the mother fucking internet to find cold hard facts to support or reject this idea. INTERNET FIND ME SOME MOTHER FUCKING PROOF THAT THIS IS TRUE OR A LINK TO HELP PROVE IT OR CATEGORICALLY PROVE THAT IT IS NOT! I am calling for coordinated investigative journalism. Together we can get to the bottom of this.  Is it possible that RobinHood shut down buying of our meme stonks in order to support the rich and/or powerful? Is it possible that Robinhood, the company who's name symbolizes taking from the rich and giving to the poor shut down buying of meme stonks in order to or at the influence of someone who just wanted to stop losing money or to punish WSB?  Or is there something bigger like a liquidity crisis?   Question #1: Did Vlad's statement come pre-prepared in order to specifically qualify out who did direct them to shut down meme stock buying if they were influenced to do so?  “In order to protect the firm and protect our customers we had to limit buying in these stocks,” Robinhood chief executive Vlad Tenev said in an interview with CNBC.   "We absolutely did not do this at the direction of any market maker or hedge fund... the reason we did it is because Robinhood as a brokerage firm, we have lots of financial requirements,"  So who does not fit this qualification that may have directed them? Does this mean they did this at the direction of say an investor? Did they do it at the direction of a trade venue? There are many organizations that Robinhood is linked to that have influence over it that do not fit within this qualification.   He even says "OH" right before he makes the statement as if to suggest that he was thinking "fuck I have this statement I have to say that legal told me was an absolute must".  Its almost like providing a tell that the statement is pre-prepared.   ;v=cuCcchMOsKE ;   What we should consider looking at:  1. Who are Robinhoods investors and board members? What relationships do they have they have that might hold influence over a decision like this? 2. Who are Robinhoods major customers that do not fit this qualification? For example, is there a trade venue that might have had this influence? Robinhood makes money buy selling its users order flow. Its important to remember that. YOU ARE THE PRODUCT. 3. Other brokers also did this but according to the following article, Robinhood owns their own clearing firm and built it from scratch. They are not able to punt this problem to their clearing firm such as Webull did with Apex.    Question #2 - Can anyone explain why Robinhood would not allow buying? I understand short selling or anything that can take your account into the negative. I even understand buying  using leverage but this answer was not sufficient for me. If they did not have a liquidity problem what IS the exact issue? Did Vlad make a statement that logically links to the decision to stop buying in any way? Can someone share more information on this and how it would like affect the decision he made?   Question #3: Is there something bigger at play? Did a government influence this? Is there a liquidity crisis we are not aware of? What is the exact regulation we may have run up against?  Edit: Several people have messaged me saying Citadel may have influenced the decision as a customer. This is citadels denial of influence here.      Disclosure: I do not have any money in Robinhood and have never in my life placed a trade on Robinhood or even gotten their free stock. I am long IPOE, which is a competitor but am not rich enough for this to be meaningful to me. It is a 10% position as of closing today.  Before you respond please be aware of Robinhood's customer agreement found here:     See point 16, which includes a clause that they may liquidate all of your holdings at their discretion for whatever they deem to be "inappropriate conduct"  Restrictions on Trading. I understand that Robinhood may, in its discretion, prohibit or restrict the trading of securities, or the substitution of securities, in any of My Accounts. I understand that Robinhood may execute all orders by Me on any exchange or market, unless I specifically instruct Robinhood to the contrary. In the event of a breach or default by Me under this Agreement, Robinhood shall have all rights and remedies available to a secured creditor under all applicable laws and in addition to the rights and remedies provided herein. I understand that Robinhood may at any time, at its sole discretion and without prior notice to Me: (i) prohibit or restrict My access to the use of the App or the Website or related services and My ability to trade, (ii) refuse to accept any of My transactions, (iii) refuse to execute any of My transactions, or (iv) terminate My Account. The closing of My Account will not affect the rights or obligations of either party incurred prior to the date My Account is closed. Further, Robinhood will not tolerate any foul or abusive language, physical violence, threatening behavior, or other inappropriate conduct directed toward Robinhood, its Affiliates' officers, employees, contractors or customers. If I engage in any such behavior, as determined by Robinhood in its sole discretion, I agree that Robinhood is authorized to: (i) liquidate any securities, instruments or other property in My Account, (ii) send Me the proceeds, and (iii) close My account. Robinhood will not be responsible for any Losses caused by the liquidation of securities, instruments or other property pursuant to this paragraph, including any tax liabilities.
Melvin Capital may be bankrupt or getting close to it
So I've been checking out Melvin Capital on LinkedIn the last couple of days and following its employees to see if they had changed their job status to "worked at Melvin Capital" to see how Melvin might be doing. And I looked just now and some of the people I saw on their employees section yesterday are no longer there today. Like 3 or four of them that I had tried to look up on social media no longer are associated with Melvin. I am not not including their names here for their privacy. But check it out yourself. According to LinkedIn they have 30 employees and when i checked a few days ago did approximately have that   as of tonight, there are only 18 I can find associated with Melvin.  CNBC had made hints to the fact that Melvin wasn't doing too well, but I actually think they may be downsizing and potentially closing up shop. Not sure how much there is to this other than my speculation.     Edit: Also their website (  has had a neutral splash page for days now.
Down 50% in one night, oh but you thought I was selling? Think again
Robinhood Capping $GME at 5/shares at Open for Friday (29 Jan 21)
I saw /u/Lynn_zebra's post about throwing in $5k to the GameStop cause today and it moved me from all of the news that broke today.     I asked my brother to pick a number 1-8 and he went with 6.        I tried to buy 19 shares at just under $6k and I got an error code.  Scaled down all the way to 5 shares and it let me go through via Robinhood.     I tried stacking additional purchase orders and same error code and no number above 5 worked for the initial order.     Throwing it out there for those that are unaware or want to join the cause.     5 shares of GameStop is about $1,500; if you have it within your means, lets support the effort for the little guys.     Much love and  godspeed all!
Treasury Secretary Paid $810,000 by Citadel?
What if GME does a stock offering?
I’m just here thinking about all the possible outcomes here. There are a lot that seem like they could really fuck a lot of stuff up that bleeds over into all my other stocks and I’m sure lots of other people are thinking of this.   So what’s a good reason GameStop doesn’t just offer more stock to raise capitol and secure their future while they can get it?  To me, this seems like an incredible opportunity for GameStop to sell these hedge funds shares at a nice premium. I have to imagine these hedge funds are begging GameStop to do something like this.   Just kind of curious at this possibility and what impact it could have on everyone still buying in.
inTendiesDay!
Am I doing this right? $200k sell limit for my measly 6 shares.
If you have an itm call tomorrow and can afford it DONT SELL AND EXERCISE
If you sell it, those hedge funds can get out of their positions at a fixed price, but if you execute, they’ll have to scramble to find shares to cover and without any stocks afloat they’re fucked and will have to pay whatever anyone asks for a share and they get fucked. They’ve written too many call options for amt of shares available and if everybody exercises instead of selling, all these guys will get royally screwed. Also exercise and buy because you like the stock.  Positions 69 shares of GME
$AMC TO THE MOON!
Jefferies has handed us the Cheat Sheet boys. 20 fresh and highly shorted names. I REALLY LIKE THESE STOCKS!!!!
Were all in this together !
TRIPLE KILL: Citadel was cognizant of the entire ordeal and big ego lent to the demise of MC and further loss of reputation to RH.
Citadel owns Robinhood and Melvin Capital.  Ken Griffin, now 28th richest in the world owns Citadel.   Citadel has an incentive to keep it's subsidiaries alive. No shit.  A loss from MC affects Citadels bottom line.  More than half of us use RH and as we all know RH sells all that data primarily to Citadel.  Thus, Citadel had more than  data (of all the massive option positions being bought and sold on GME, as well as Melvin Capital's risky and overlevered short position, ect)  If anything Citadel was in a better position than any other single hedge fund or institutional investor in the market to know exactly what the f    was going to happen to GameStop, especially given that Citadel is basically the PLTR of retail trades.   Why wouldn't Citadel warn Melvin Capital to close their position when gamestop gapped up $30 last week to 50 or $60 a share and when hundreds of thousands of contracts were bought that very day??   (Too many options being bought in a hard to borrow stock creates a great likelihood of a huge squeeze when sellers of options need to buy the underlying shares to stay delta neutral).  At a minimum why not at $120 the next day when the price doubled and more?  Why wait to $500? It's like what the fuck did you think was going to happen -- did you think we'd close at $100 simultaneously and all take our profits so you could further short 200% of the float?   This is all one man's ego and it started from the top and worked its way down.  Now Citadels fucked MC and RHs suffered a huge loss to reputation.  The mere fact that brokers like ibkr and clearing houses or whatever eventually said no to buying GME and AMC bc they didn't want to put up with the risk of having to cover mass delinquencies, which could cause them to go under, is merely incidental to and neither the actual nor proximate cause of all of this bullshit.    Tldr; Citadel had more resources, data, and knowledge of the surrounding GME ecosystem at the time than anyone else and could have warned MC about the impending GME  .    If the market is the Matrix, then the architect is risk management.   Ken Griffin had all the resources at his disposal (he thought) to play architect and ultimately still failed hard, UNLESS he knew all along his back up plan came with a kill switch. Anything else that CNBC tells you about stupid over 100% short float laws and clearing houses wanting to refrain is just incidental.  Holding: $AG, $SLV, $GME, $BB, $NOK,
Adam Smith told Citadel to get fucked 300 years ago
Of Stock Lent at Interest:  "The stock which is lent at interest is always considered as a capital by the lender. He expects that in due time it is to be restored to him, and that in the meantime the borrower is to pay him a certain annual rent for the use of it. The borrower may use it either as a capital, or as a stock reserved for immediate consumption. If he uses it as a capital, he employs it in the maintenance of productive labourers, who reproduce the value with a profit. He can, in this case, both restore the capital and pay the interest without alienating or encroaching upon any other source of revenue. If he uses it as a stock reserved for immediate consumption, he acts the part of a prodigal, and dissipates in the maintenance of the idle what was destined for the support of the industrious. He can, in this case, neither restore the capital nor pay the interest without either alienating or encroaching upon some other source of revenue, such as the property or the rent of land."  TLDR: Fuck you pay me
Hey WSB, average poor British tendie licker here.
Like most of you I grew up poorer than a church mouse on Sunday. I had several days where I went hungry, my dad was barely scraping by and when I was a kid my mother blew my dads 5 figure FTSE gains on drugs and alcohol. We skip 23 years later, to a time where your common man or woman is set to make millions if played right. All my life it's been downhill, until I started going into the stock market.   I started on 212 with a free share in Starbucks. I cashed that in and never stopped gaining. Paper hands became diamond as I'm now sitting on 35 shares of AMC. Hopefully by tomorrow it could be 100 more. Because of you amazing people, I've paid off my credit card debt. Im beginning to love myself, and life now has a purpose. Im constantly 20 hours a day keeping tabs on the markets watching, waiting, learning. Im honestly so proud to be with you all on this crusade. GME , AMC to the moon. And once we cone back, we keep going until there's no money left. Thank you for helping me  ❤
If you have buying power and are holding call options, EXERCISE YOUR OPTIONS
Here's what I've been thinking about, in preparation for the Friday. The glorious Friday we have dreamt of all week. It has been a tough journey here, and our diamond hands are getting all sorts of sweat-based deterioration. I'm sure that you've heard the terms gamma squeeze, short interest and call options a million times by now.   This might be fairly obvious, but I thought it should be said.   So why is the gamma squeeze happening? To cover all the call options these market makers (CITADEL INCLUDED) sold you. These are DEEEEEEP in the money, and will cost these big finance fuckers a significant amount of money to cover. So they're going to come at you with all sorts of attacks to bring the cost of the stock down, so they can get you the stocks at a discounted price.   Here are the possible outcomes for retail call holders:   1. You sell the option back to the market maker, probably pretty good money but does not contribute to the gamma squeeze 2. You let them expire (but like why would you, worst of the 3 options)  3. You EXERCISE your option - ESPECIALLY IF YOU HAVE THE DEEP ITM options. I'm talking about those 3$ calls, the 10$ calls, etc etc. If you believe that there is a bigger, more drastic squeeze coming post the gamma squeeze, DON'T FUCKING SELL. Flip your call options into 100 STOCKS PER CONTRACT cuz that is a gold mine about to become rocket fuel. Because not only can this make you money, IT IS WHAT WILL CAUSE THE GAMMA SQUEEZE. It will drive up the mandatory demand for the stock that is already illiquid as is, and once they run out of $GME stocks they hold, THEY CAN'T EVEN PULL PLAYS ON US. No more of these dead drops. No more low volume sells while we watch helplessly on our "Sell only" Robinhood screens.   If situation 3 plays out, we should see the gamma squeeze we've been anticipating all week, and we shall get the appetizer tendies we've been waiting for tomorrow. Personally, I'm going to wait till short interest dips hard, which may be tomorrow, maybe next week, not sure. But exercising these options is a general win for team retail investors.   As everyone says, this is my opinion, and my thought process and by no means, a real financial advice. If you're a call holder, no one will seriously blame you if you have to sell it. However, I strongly urge anyone with the buying power and the call options to exercise them tomorrow and hold your 100x#ofcontract number of shares with us on our journey past pluto to MACS0647-JD, the farthest visible universe from us.      Tl:DR - If you have call options expiring tomorrow, don't sell it, exercise it.
Please contact your representative about stock market manipulation from hedge fund billionaires - My letter is attached - GME
Below is a letter that I sent to my representative tonight:     This is the first time I have ever contacted a representative because of how angry I am today about the injustice that occurred to the small retail investor like myself that was locked out of our trading platforms.  All of the major players need to be investigated, brokerages like Robinhood, their relationship with MMs like Citadel, hedge funds like Melvin Capital, and media manipulators like Citron Research.  Today is once again showing how rigged this system is.    I have been investing small amounts of my money ($200-$300 a month) into the market for the past several years, trying to save up enough to buy a newer used car (mine has over 265,000 miles on it).  I have chosen stocks by researching companies for months before investing my money, reading daily on forums like Reddit- r/Wallstreetbets, and others like r/dividends, r/investing, r/finance.  The site getting attention in the media, Wallstreetbets, which clearly has several ends of the spectrum, funny memes, big wins/losses, and in depth research about hundreds of companies.  But it has never been about just 1 stock.  GameStop has been the center of attention after users took further notice of clear manipulation in the markets from Hedge Funds shorting over 140% of the available shares with naked short selling.  Instead of hedge funds responsible exiting their positions they doubled down and have continued to short this stock even further taking advantage of the markets today.  What makes me angry today is that my platform that I have been using now for years prevented me and other users from buying stocks and options that we retail traders were investing into like GameStop.  Of course when you remove our retail traders ability to buy and now its just hedge funds, they sell off big time, short ladders, selling between themselves fishing for stop loss limits furthering the decline in   was low without retail being able to buy the dip.  I would have loved to buy more GameStop at $112 a share today like these crooks got to do.  Hedge funds most likely used this as an opportunity to exit their short positions, buying up shares far below the market demand.  As a frequent user of this group, I would caution you to about things you hear in the media calling WSB users alt right/Trumpists/uneducated/ and full of hate speech, these characterizations could not be further from the truth (and the page even specifically prohibits anything political/hateful and will result in banning the user).  I have laughed and have learned an incredible amount about the stock market by being a part of this group.  The SEC and FBI need to begin immediate investigations and these jokers need to spend time in jail.  Not another $100 million slap on the wrist fine. They need to be in JAIL.  Robinhood and other brokerages need to be held accountable for what took place today.  The Interactive Brokers chairman went on CNBC and openly admitted to these crimes.  The Robinhood CEO had no answers on his interview.  It is clear market manipulation and once again hedge funds made off with billions.  Please take action on this immediately and hold them accountable for their crimes.
Please be careful, there seems to be a misconception that the short interest ratio is frequently updated (GME)
Hello smooth brains I've been reading lots of posts lately and there seems to be a misconception that we will know when the short squeeze happens based on the short interest ratio, but the SIR is only updated bimonthly. you can read as much here:    The latest we have available is only up to the 15th and was reported on Wednesday, and is 120\~123% of float. At this point, we don't know what it actually is anymore. (unless someone knows something I don't)  I think it is important to realize that the only statistic that you can infer from would by short shares availability from a site like this ->    Just thought I'd make a post to keep everyone informed and trade safely; there isn't going to be a big crayon arrows on the ground telling you what to do.  Anyways you degenerates wipe the drool off your chin and HOLD      GME
I think we should all take a moment to pay tribute and remembrance to u/ControlTheNarrative, remind the new folks of how this hero lived. RIP -GUH
PSA: If you are holding GME calls that you plan to exercise, exercise them before closing!
We’ve seen how influential Melvin and the hedge funds are when it comes to changing the price of GameStop, and they know how influential they are. They know that at 4:00 EDT, all open options will exercise. This makes it an obvious play for the suits to try to push the stock price down before closing to make as many calls as possible worthless. If you exercise when you’re at a very solid gain, this will help protect you as well as help people with higher strike prices make their break even point, which will cause for even more gains. Remember, GME is early in it’s rise and will break the edge of the universe if Melvin  ; Friends get successfully squoze like a grape.  Also, remember to buy like you have no concept of money and we’ll all become GMEllionaires before you can say, “CRISPY HUNDO AINT NEVER GONNA BUY GAMESTOP    ”  Also  , someone pointed out the possibility that Melvin may have had the audacity to sell us naked calls. If we exercise our calls, there’s a very good chance that we can force them to put up more money. If you don’t have the money to cover your incredibly profitable call then you better deposit the funds before your broker pulls a margin call and fucks you over.  Exercise contracts, do it all throughout the day, and
A Spectre is Haunting Wall Street
A spectre is haunting Wall Street—   the spectre of WSB  . All the powers of old Wall Street have entered into an unholy alliance to exorcise this spectre: Bear and Bull, Market Maker and Broker, Clearing House and CNBC talking heads.    Where is the party in opposition that has not been decried as retarded by its opponents in power? Where is the opposition that has not hurled back the branding reproach of autism, against the more advanced fundamental traders, as well as against its reactionarily gay bears?    Two things result from this fact:    I. WSB is already acknowledged by all of Wall Street to be itself a power.    II. It is high time that WSB should openly, in the face of the whole world, publish their views, their trades, their tendencies, and meet this nursery tale of the Spectre of WSB with a manifesto of the subreddit itself.    To this end, autists of various nationalities have assembled in WSB and sketched the following manifesto, to be published in reddit, twitter, forums, and other sites.  (to be continued)
The gamma squeeze that was promised
Not financial advice  Well it Thursday night and GME just had it it’s first down day in quite some time. All you new traders are probably down 50% shaking in your boots. Alas the institutions have tried to fuck and yet they are still about to get shafted.   What’s happened today? the price was manipulated we suffered a short ladder attack and brokerages banned buying of shares. Even after all this less than 2 million shares were sold by you retards and you held. Safe to say I’m proud of you. Your faith will be rewarded.  What’s going to happen tomorrow? Friday morning I expect premarket to rise and price to skyrocket following open. The reason for this is mainly pent up demand since no retail could buy today. There is also the factor of mass 0DTE options likely to be purchased, this will cause a gamma squeeze if it happens. This in addition to all the other formerly far OTM will be in the money tomorrow and Dealers will not be able to hedge fast enough. This will result in a gamma squeeze that I believe the magnitude of will put the stock 600+ easy tomorrow. If shorts cover it could be much higher, but either way we should have a good setup for Squeeze on Monday.   Although there is a possibility in a desperate attempt to save their asses people will do anything to drive the price down. Some people would see jail as better then what they risk losing if GME breaks 600. Yesterday no one would have thought that Apex would stop letting people buy GME, but here we are be ever vigilant.   TLDR GME         Squeeze hasn’t been sqooze, Expect a legendary gamma squeeze tomorrow.  I may write a DD on Expected price action Monday and Zero Liquidity possibility, just let me know if y’all want that.  Edit: I’m long 130 shares at   I was up from my original   to 60k at open today  Edit:2 PT at highest intraday 5k+
Some autistic rambling thoughts going into tomorrow and next week for maximizing tendies and maximizing pain
Okay listen up y'all, we're in for an eventful day for sure tomorrow. Anyone that says they know exactly what will happen is blowing smoke up your ass. Here are a few things to keep in mind  The hedgefunds/deep pockets/whales   proved   to us today that they will stop at nothing --  apparently including illegal manipulation  -- to try to shake out weak-ass   and keep us from our tendies.   Expect them to get even nastier  . These soulless excuses for people get real nasty when cornered and when their balls are on the line.  What this means is expect the unexpected by taking a moment to think through some possible scenarios.   At this point, I'd like to confirm what everyone here already knows -- I'm just as fucking retarded as everyone else and nothing qualifies me to give financial advice, and that's not what this post is. This is simply me thinking out loud in preparation for the next phase of this escalating war, so take it or leave it idgaf just do your own research when it comes to investments blah blah   Alright now that that's out of the way, let's talk about the coming days.  , this is   NOT   guaranteed to happen tomorrow. Shorts   DO NOT EXPIRE   and they've   PROVEN   that they're willing, to be ridiculously charitable, to bend the rules. Keep this in mind, and for the love of god  DO NOT PANIC SELL TOMORROW  ~~if~~ when things get nasty. This could very well stretch into next week or beyond.  Probably on our fun little trip down to the 100s today some of the shorts were able to cover in preparation for whats coming. But certainly not all of them, because   you autists fucking did it  . They made it to where all you  could  do is sell,   AND WE DIDN'T SELL  . I'm so fucking proud of all the   out there.  This has only strengthened my resolve to hold, and from reading the comments here all evening, a lot of you feel the same way. They've made this fucking personal, it's a matter of principle now, and I bought more shares at close just out spite. IDGAF if we go to zero  (and  't      ) -- but for  once  we hold at least  some  of the power here, and while it could be a week (or more) before all of this plays out, the underlying thesis still stands though -- so long as we don't sell, they suffer.   #So let's talk exit strategy.  While this has morphed into a righteous cause, I'm sure there are many of you still thinking of those sweet sweet tendies to be had. "Maybe if I set a limit sell at just under $1000, I can still get mine before the big sell off", shit like that. Of course we all want our tendies at the end of the day, but we're in such a unique position where we can pretty much name our price. But not exactly.  There's a certain price beyond which the economic fallout for the whole economy would simply be unacceptable to those in charge, and we'd see government/regulators step in and shut it all down and ruin the party. Of course no one can really say how high that limit is, but if you think the billionaires will let you hurt them to the point of systematic restructuring of the whole economy, know that they have favors to call in and power beyond what you could imagine. Don't believe me?  .   So we can't all set stop losses for $100k, because     a) they won't allow it and     2) even if they did, enough people would (probably) take profits before it got that high.  At the same time, we can't (and shouldn't for legal reasons) just all get together and agree to set limit orders for $690 or $4200.   So as long as   stay strong, I think we could see $1k pretty easily. Probably some people will take profits then, but I think we can do better than this. I read yesterday somewhere that brokerages are not able to lend your shares to shorts if you have open limit orders on them, and I believe everything I read on the internet so unless someone shows otherwise, I think it makes sense to do so if possible at the limit you'd like (for me, >$1k).   # We like the stock, we want to see them suffer, and we want our tendies.  For me, it really is less about the tendies at this point though and more about seeing some of these elitist gatekeeping bastards get what's coming. I understand that not everyone feels the same, and that's okay. It's okay to take profits. However, if you feel the same as I do, this is how I'm planning on going into tomorrow, the next week, and possibly the further out than that:   I plan on setting a limit order in the ballpark of $1k for ~10% of the shares that I hold. This will   cover the cost basis, I won't sell all of my shares, and it keeps most of the pressure on by only injecting a small amount of available shares for the shorts  . After that, I'm playing on house money and I can sleep like a baby with     while we crank things up to 11. They'll short ladder us down? I'll long ladder the mfers up. Limit orders at regular intervals, but not offering them all of my shares at one price (idk, every $500?).   If they want liquidity to cover their shorts, they'll have to pay for it. IF THEY NEED MORE, THEY'LL HAVE TO PAY MORE.     tl;dr: Don't give them all your shares at one limit price. Spread that shit out for maximum tendies and maximum pain   $GME
We will not go quietly into the night
The MMs do not have the right to decide how we should value stocks or what stock we can buy.
Who are the suits to decide what a 'good' stock is? Whether a stock is good or not is entirely subjective. Are we not allowed to buy a stock without looking at fundementals? If we think the stock can go higher, we buy it! Simple as that. THE PRICE OF A STOCK HAS 100% TO DO WITH THE BUYING AND SELLING OF THE SECURITY AND 0% TO DO WITH THE COMPANY'S FUNDEMENTALS. Hedge funds assume that people ONLY buy stocks based on fundementals, and that's where THEY fucked up, not us.  Like anything else, a stock is only worth what the market thinks it's worth. That is the way a free market should work. IF THE MARKET DECIDES GME IS WORTH $1000000 THEN IT IS WORTH EXACTLY THAT, and no one cares if wall street says otherwise. Any attempt to restrict purchases of the stock are basically them saying "I don't like the stock, and therefore you cannot like it either". That's like having the government ban the purchase of oranges because they think apples taste better and too many people have been buying oranges instead.   Boomers are only mad because they are losing. They made the system so that the stocks they hold do well, but now we're making the stocks they short do even better. My advice to wall street: how about you adapt to the current market instead of altering the rules in your favor? If fundementals are dead, you adapt by using other methods of valuing companies. If your friends over shorted a company let them pay the consequences. IF YOU ARE WRONG, SELL ONE OF YOUR YATCHES, DOWNGRADE YOUR CAR TO A PORSHE, TAKE THE L AND MOVE ON. We didn't get to change the rules when we fucked up, and neither can you.  We did nothing illegal, all we did was buy a stock that we like. On the other hand, brokerages are trying to manipulate the markets in literal broad daylight. Being a conservative investor, I finally decided today that I would open a position in GME as a way of saying fuck you to wall street after seeing all this unfold. Never did I think that those schmucks would pull off such fuckery but I am also not surprised. This is our only chance to show them who's really in charge and teach these crooks a fucking lesson.   Not financial advise, just a retard. I am willing to lose my entire position in GME. FUCK ROBBINGHOOD.
Understanding the spark that lead to the GME forest fire
There are so many new users on WSB now, and I think it’s safe to assume many of them are unaware of the humble, beginnings of the GME story, and how a handful of extremely dedicated, intelligent and charismatic individuals worked tirelessly to reveal the true underlying value in the company and its potential to be turned around. For these legends, the short squeeze was always a factor in sight, but their goal was to invest in a company they believed in and to lead others to the light alongside them.  For those who are here to fight the power, fuck the system, or just try and snatch some quick gains, take some time to also explore the fundamentals revealed through the research and due diligence of OG GME gang such as u/uberkikz11 u/deepfuckingvalue, @Kjerill Stjerne on twitter and Michael Burry.   I was lucky enough to host u/uberkikz11 AKA Rod (the Boss) Alzmann on my podcast at the beginning of December after having recently opened my GME position, who gave us the rundown of a lifetime.   Largely thanks to Rod, the lives of my friend/co-host have now changed forever. I personally took profit and retained a portion of my position to let ride the wind.  To thank Rod and the heroes who have lead us here, I want to bring attention to this episode again, then sit back and masturbate while the numbers on our podcast run up-
February Will Be Robinhood's Final Month of Existence(if they make it through tomorrow)
For anyone here who's new and unsure, RH shutting down GME buys for "volatility" is a fucking nonsensical joke, which literally anyone with even a scrap of market knowledge realizes is fugazi.  We trade options that move more than GME shares EVERY SINGLE DAY!! 1000% swings are commonplace for even the novice WSB-tard.  Vlad Tenev is a lying piece of shit, and the only people who would dare defend him are the criminals benefiting directly, or those benefitting instrumentally from the perpetuation of this brand of market manipulation.  After the squeeze is squoze, our next target is not a stock, it is Robinhood. And instead of using our power to lift them up, we will be driving those slimy fuckin scoundrels so deep into bankruptcy, they'll be begging for prison and the 3 squares it provides.  And I'm not talking over the next year or two, I'm not talking in 6 months. I am calling, here and now, for February to be the #RobinhoodExodus. Wiped out clean, shut the fuck down before the month is through.  I want these fuckers done before March 1st, and with the power we've shown thus far in the battle for GME, I am confident we'll get it done.  First we land GME on Pluto, then we impale Vlad(financially)!   #FUCK VLAD TENEV AND FUCK ROBINHOOD!!    ######     Edit  : Platforms not restricting trading:   🇺🇲USA - FIDELITY, VANGUARD, DOUGH, CHASE, AJ Bell, Morgan Stanley    WeBull restricted buys originally and then back-tracked. Unaccountable puppets. Burn those fuckers along with Robbing-hood. Also Fuck Etoro!   🇨🇦CANADA - TD, WEALTHSIMPLE, RBC DIRECT INVEST, SCOTIA iTRADE, CIBC, BMO InvestorLine, QTrade   🇬🇧🇪🇺UK/EUROPE - FREETRADE PLUS, SCALABLE CAPITAL, HARGREAVES LANDSDOWNE, AJ BELL, IG, REVOLUT, DEGIRO, Regiobank, KeyTrade Bank (Belgium), Binckbank (Belgium), Flatex (Germany), EToro (Spain), TradeRepublic  🇸🇪NORDICS - NORDNET, AVANZA (SWEDEN), SaxoTraderGO   You can also purchase through banks directly in Sweden. Such as Swedbank, Handelsbanken, Nordea(per u/joetheswede)  🇩🇰 DENMARK - SAXO  🇩🇪 GERMANY -    🇯🇵JAPAN- Monex Securities  🇪🇸- NinetyNine  🇦🇺Aus- Stake (might be laggy apparently), Sharesies?, Hatch, IG  New Zealand: Sharesies, Hatch, Stake  Turkey: Gedik Yatırım, İŞCEP  Schwab accepts international customers and it is said to be good.  Also read this:          (List may be wrong, use at your own risk. This is not financial advice.)
DeepFuckingValue is still in and has a message for you. Do you want to go out with a whimper or ride with the Valkyries to Valhalla    ?
Say it with me. We’re not FUCKING LEAVING
Remember when Robinhood stopped sharing stock popularity data, and forced   to shut down?
I WILL GET A WSB TATTOO IF AMC
They shorted the wrong mutherfucker   VIVA LA REVOLUTION    AMC LIMIT AT 1000   Edit 1: so the tattoo will be a WSB retard logo on my ankle I will post the picture after I get it when we HOLD AMC TO 1000
Fidelity Disables Fractional Share Trading on GME
Until We Rich - A Public Service Announcement
THE SUITS (SEQUOIA WHICH ASKED THEM TO STOP TRADING GME) ARE BAILING OUT ROBINHOOD
STILL HOLDING TO MARS WE GOO
Robinhood gets emergency $1 billion infusion from its existing investors.
This is the best thing I have ever been a part of
I haven’t been here for that long, I joined back in March after the COVID crash. A 19 year old living with his dad working at a warehouse, retarded enough to buy SPY puts and lose a weeks paycheck every month. Back then we were at like   users or some shit like that, now there’s like 5m and counting, how could we have ever foreseen so many retards.  Yes, the history being made by us right now is some never before seen shit and might be the greatest transfer of wealth possibly ever. But knowing this community I would not say I’m at all surprised it started here. And for you new members, I highly suggest you read up on WSB’s Hall of Fame. There’s now more people in this sub that don’t know about u/1R0NYMAN, infinite RH leverage and the guy that drank his own piss in an unfinished basement than there are people who know about it.   All I can say is a HUGE thank you to the mods who have kept this whole special ed class afloat. I could lose every single penny tomorrow and laugh when someone calls me retarded for it.     HOLD you fucking nerds       Edit: BUY MORE you fucking NERDS
Why broker did that and why it is a good news !
First GME          .  So now a lot of you can’t buy GME shares anymore and THIS IS A FUCKING GOOD NEWS why you adorable smooth brain ? Because of simple math :  Short Sellers need to deliver shares if they don’t NO SHORT SQUEEZE !! In each short selling contract there is a case stating what will be settled if one can’t repay the other. So IB, RH and all those brokers were telling us that we bought enough for a short squeeze to happen.  Plus on Monday we will have the official number of short interest if they are over 100% this stock is going to meet another life form.  SO HOLD TIGHT AND RUB YOUR COCK FOR THE LAST TIME IN 3 DAYS SOMEONE WILL DO IT FOR YOU.     GANG  PS : This is not a financial advice.
Hedge funds rush to get to grips with retail message boards
An oversimplification of short ladders for anyone who still doesn't understand why today's dip happened
/u/wolfyd33 recorded a baller audiobook version of this.   too.    I've gotten my mom interested enough in this that she's been loosely following it, and she was massively confused today on how I knew not to panic sell (  , obviously, but you can't really verbalize that). This is how I helped her grasp that the dip never really happened at all. It ignores or mis-analogizes certain aspects, like the fact that the shares being traded often don't even exist, but I think I'm correct on the essential mechanics.  I'm Sleazy Joe and I own a buy-here-pay-here car dealership. John Blow walks in with a Cadillac Escalade he wants to sell me. John's Escalade is worth $40,000 or $50,000, but I'm never going to make money if I pay him that, so I need a way to convince him it's worth less.  I have another Escalade already on the lot, and my friend Sleazy Jim owns another dealership across the street. I pick up the phone and ask Jim if he wants to buy a Cadillac Escalade for $38,000. He accepts and I fax him the title. Two minutes later, I get a call from Jim and lo and behold, he has a Cadillac Escalade to sell me for $36,000. I accept and he faxes me the title back. We keep doing this until we get to something pitiful like $8,000, and now I have something I can print off and show John to say "I'm sorry, but the market value for your vehicle is what it is and I can't justify offering you more than that." John doesn't have access to the specific people behind the sales he's looking at, and although he  does  have access to the fact that very few Escalades actually changed hands on the way down to $8,000, he probably doesn't know to look at that, let alone what it implies. So he throws his hands up and I get his $40,000 Escalade for $8,000.  This is what happened today with GME. Institutions were doing incredibly volume-thin, rapid sales back & forth between themselves, at precipitously decreasing prices, because they wanted $500 (or $10,000+, depending upon how you look at it) GME for $125. What's more, they managed to get brokers to almost completely lock retail out so it couldn't correct by buying the "dip," greatly increasing the amount of downward movement they were able to simulate. Importantly, it looks like they largely failed, but worse such attacks will happen as they get more desperate and longs seeing through them is the only thing that can make them continue to fail.   TL;DR: Read the post, but almost none of the "sales" that created the GME "dip" today were people actually exiting their positions or day-trading. Institutions sold the stock back & forth to one another rapidly enough to create the impression of a mass sell-off, and faced almost no resistance doing so because of RH et al.'s lockout.
Updated Data: They were only able to clear to   squeeze is on the fucking menu still without a doubt🤲
$44k CRSR Endgame. Give me $60 or give me death   🏻
PSA: For Fidelity Users
I called and spoke with the Active Trader Team this afternoon and they offered me a few pieces of information that maybe will find helpful:    Limit Sell Orders Cannot Exceed 150% Of Last Price:   In other words, some on WSB have suggested setting limit sell orders of $10,000/share but that won't work (unless the price of a share last sold for \~$6,700/share).    No Plans of Margin Selling Positions But 300% Buffer Now Required:   This likely won't impact users with a portfolio with many holdings but if you use Fidelity and you went all-in on GME (using Margin) and you have $0 in cash reserves as a buffer there is a small chance they could sell some of your position \  if they feel the risk justifies it .  The gentleman said he does not expect any of this to happen but said technically it was possible.  I did not fully vet the 300% requirement either.    They Will NOT Lend Shares Held in Cash:   First thing tomorrow you should call them and move any shares you have (that were purchased with Margin) into Cash holdings.  This will not sell anything, this will not create any taxable event, it is simply the way they hold the shares on the ledger.  \  This of course assumes you did not borrow money to buy the shares.   Example: You have an account with $X value in GME shares and you used "Margin" on the buy ticket to avoid any future 48-hour settlement period when your gay paper hands let you down and deprive you of an early retirement... Just call and ask them "Can you please move my shares from Margin to Cash on the ledger?"    FWIW, My Active Trader Pro Was Glitchy From 9:30 - 9:38 am This Morning (Thursday):   I had positions that weren't moving, values on calls from other holdings that weren't updating the price, etc.  He said others had this problem and not to worry as they don't expect it to be a major issue.  It honestly did not cause any problems for me but for eight minutes it was concerning to say the least.  Hope this helps (assuming it doesn't get deleted like every other post I've tried putting up) and good luck.    Obligatory reminders to any men who may read this:    1. If we get lucky to see red before the green ship takes off BUY THE FUGGIN DIP! 2. Scared money don't make money 3. Warren Buffett got rich by holding, not selling like a b-tch 4. Dozens of 6 and 7 figure portfolios haven't sold a single share (bought the dips too) and there's a reason they made it to 6 and 7 figs   Disclaimer: Do whatever you want, this is not advice of any kind and only meant to be helpful.
Guys, GameStop should leverage their market cap and create the next major streaming platform for gamers [Serious]
Ok so this could be bigger than Mixer. Think about it. There’s only two major live streaming platforms targeted towards gaming, Twitch and YouTube. I won’t even mention Facebook streaming because that is something for   plus the YouTube livestream UI is pretty 💩   Factor in GME’s interest of expanding into eSports, it would be more profitable in the long run for them if they owned their own streaming platform and not have to share profits with Twitch or YouTube. This would also be cheaper than a game Dev studio, which I’ve seen a lot of people mention (those have massive overhead and limited to profits once every 3 years or so, and no one wants to compete with Fortnite) To pile on, there’s some major streamers out there that currently cannot stream together on air and there’s no alternative platforms on the market to entertain you retards on. For those that don’t know, Twitch won’t let partners stream with other members that were banned, forcing exiled streamers to YouTube with zero alternative. This forces streamers/entertainers into a corner and it sucks to be cornered without any options. These 2 streaming services hold too much power over their talent and it reminds me a lot of our showdown with WallStreet fuckheads like Melvin, Steven Cohen, and Citron.  And let’s face it, I dunno about you but I really want to see   and TimmyTheTatman playing with each other on stream again because I miss those two playing together. Also YouTube livestream player is hot garbage and remains a total afterthought because Google knows Streamers have no alternatives, effectively cornering the market.   I l believe a platform like this would totally justify the current share price as well!  GME to the moon!!     Positions: 740 Shares of GME  TL;DR if GME created a gaming livestream platform they could leverage it for their eSports scene and it would let TimmyTheTatman and Dr.Disrespect play together on stream again.
Let’s go to Andromeda. 10,000% tomorrow
Blame the shorts who cannot pay. Their inability to pay for trades on a massive scale are what lead to increased capital requirements at DTC and firms not allowing new purchases.
Webull CEO broke it down tonight stating that when someone goes bust they can’t pay to cover their shorts. For example Melvin goes bankrupt and has a big tab open.   Debits roll up to the brokerage who eats it. If it’s too much the clearing firm eats it, then DTC. If too many people can’t pay then the other trader gets fucked and the market breaks. So DTC puts up large capital requirements that the broker has to put up in cash during settlement. A credit to make sure there’s money available. With such a high price and so many trades that’s hundreds of billions. Small brokers can’t cut it.   So because both people and hedge funds alike can short without the capital to cover their losses it means that some winners on the other side, if it gets bad enough, don’t get paid.  Edit title should say “potential inability to pay”  See the interview on Benzinga / zingernation CEO Anthony Denier. I’m just repeating what he said.  Edit another person     Credit: u/imaginaryfly1
#SILVERSOLDIERS UNITE! SHORT INTEREST IN $KGC DOUBLED IN LAST TWO WEEKS. HOLD MY BEER.
Q:   Wonder who is behind this?    A:     do. not. give. a. fuck.   have been wondering what that fuck has was going on since I bought WELL below the highs on a dip back in early January.  Kinross Gold is a   PROFITABLE   juggernaut   CASH FLOW GENERATING MACHINE   that has a large portion of its mining allocated to silver as well.  Only mine and sell GOLD and SILVER. NO FILLER.     The company even   generates enough PROFIT to pay a cash a dividend   of   cents. Tell your boomers. And the GREEDY FUCKS still want to short this? GFYS.    DD Below:            Position:
You know what? Fuck it, I’m in.
I’ll be short and honest with you, my fellow retards because I know our attention span is limited.  I was very skeptical of GME from the beginning. I figured it would squeeze a little bit, the hedges would cover their asses, and the stock would fall as WSB moves onto its next meme. This has happened MANY times in the time of been with WSB, but what’s different here is the stock pushed far enough that the hedges refused to eat the loss.  Every single day I told myself: “Okay, all the hedges are gonna buy back right? There’s no way short interest just remains this high”  But it fucking did. They fucked up SO bad that they began to silence not only our collective group of raging autism, but regular ass folk who just heard about it. All because they can’t admit they fucked up and just eat the loss like honorable brokers.  I’m pissed off now. Watching Vlad lie his ass off about why they shut down the trading of 13 OF THE MOST HEAVILY TRADED STOCKS was the final straw.  Tomorrow I’m hopping in with you my brothers, with everything I can throw at it.  Godspeed. I hope we survive and make some money My only question before going into battle is this: With volatility so high are the contracts for different strikes even worth it after the premiums are thrown into overdrive? Or should I just go full shares to cover my ass?  Thanks boys.
Palantir signs deal with RioTinto
The GME Short Squeeze has made it to Wikipedia's news section on their main page
I grew up with stories of heroes
I grew up hearing about my grandfather flying B-52s over Korea, losing friends in an instant and his best friend lost almost 7 years to a fucking VC  . I listened to stories of my friend's grandpa storming the pacific theatre. I imagine everyone here, even our friends in former theatres of war, have these stories. Imagine how scared they were, imagine the fear they felt knowing they could die at any moment. They still did it, they still succeeded and went on to have families and live, because they took their chance  That's why i'm not afraid, because these hedge fucks don't realize I am willing to take risks, bigger risks than they ever will, because I know what I should really be afraid of, and that's having to fight any of their fucking wars  Position- 85 shares, will retain 85 after normalization in my strat plan  Not financial advice, fuck the corpos tho
Hands of finely sorted carbon, holding despite being down 220k today. Remember that Icarus laughed as he fell. We shall rise with power and laugh while we drown in tendies. Selling at 10k-ish.
Remember when this billionaire (and inside-trader) cried live on CNBC last year? The rest of them may as well stock up on tissues for tomorrow.
Autists Together Strong
Update from the Scientist who posted original NVAX DD: NVAX reports best efficacy to date against original COVID variant (  and remains massively undervalued
For those who followed my NVAX posts over the last few months and stayed with the trade, congratulations. For those looking for a new trade, I will outline why NVAX is de-risked and remains enormously undervalued, even with the 26% pop since data was released today.   I will also explain the significance of the results and why the reduced efficacy against the SA variant is bad news for the world, but actually presents a huge opportunity for NVAX and moreso than any of the other vaccine makers  . For those who didn’t read my previous posts, I worked in vaccine R&D for several years and am currently a biomedical PhD candidate.     \                       --     Tldr: Despite the confusing headlines, today’s data confirm that NVAX has a highly effective vaccine on par with PFE/MRNA and will allow them to lock in the billions of dollars of existing supply deals. NVAX is uniquely positioned to benefit in the booster market because it’s the only vaccine that can be easily multiplexed and repetitively dosed and can be stored in standard refrigeration. There is still time to get in before the market digests this information and realizes that NVAX is tremendously undervalued with a market cap of $  and is on the cusp of several billions of annual COVID vaccine revenue.     \                        -  # Headlines may have undersold the results, but make no mistake - NVAX has highest efficacy reported to date  Unlike trial results we’ve seen from Pfizer/Moderna, which were conducted in the US during summer/fall against the original COVID variants, Novavax’s two trials were conducted in the presence of the troubling UK and SA COVID variants. For those unaware, these variants have several mutations on the spike protein which have subtle, but important differences from the spike protein in the vaccines.  We already knew that the ability of antibodies from people vaccinated with PFE/MRNA were less effective against the new variants, so differences in efficacy between variants were expected (2-fold less effective against UK variant, and 6-fold less effective against the SA variant).  As a result, the only way to compare results between MRNA/PFE/NVAX is to subset the data by each variant, otherwise it’s not an apples to apples comparison. When we subset the data, here are the results:       Against the original COVID variant which PFE/MRNA was tested against, NVAX has the highest       efficacy.   Yes, it’s a slight margin and yes this is a smaller subset of patients than for PFE/MRNA, but the data is the data and it matches what we expected based on pre-clinical and phase 1 immunogenicity data. The fact that NVAX had higher efficacy than PFE/MRNA against the same strain seems to be missed based on most of the headlines I've seen tonight which report the 90% number. Also note that NVAX had the highest proportion of participants >65yrs old, with 27%, compared with PFE and MRNA, which had 21% and  , respectively.  Not surprisingly, efficacy against the SA variant in non-HIV+ patients is significantly lower at 60%, but the vaccine will still be useful against that variant. Once again, the overall number including HIV+ patients is what seems to be getting reported which is not a reflection of the efficacy that we would expect in the general public. Note that the original benchmark from OWS was for a vaccine that was at least 50% effective so a vaccine with 60% efficacy isn't useless. The big question is the efficacy levels that the other vaccines will report against the SA variant. We’ll know soon enough, but as I explain later in the document, I suspect that other vaccines will have a more significant drop off in efficacy against the SA variant than NVAX.  # NVAX stands to benefit most from boosters and updated vaccine formulations to cover new variants  The results against the UK and especially the SA variant have huge implications for vaccine makers and how countries around the world are going to manage this pandemic. If NVAX went from   ->   -> \~60% against the original, UK, and SA variants, respectively, then I expect to see similar, if not more significant drop-offs for other vaccine makers (see footnote at the end of the post for explanation).  This is a big deal because it's expected that protection will drop off over time but if you start off with lower protection and lower neutralizing antibody titers at baseline, then you’d expect to lose protective immunity even faster. I made the graph below to illustrate the concept (red line for SA strain crosses the threshold of protection sooner than the blue line for the original strain).     So, what does this mean? First, boosters are going to be essential and vaccine makers are going to sell a lot more doses as a result. Second, vaccines will be updated to cover multiple variants, which will continue the virus evolves. We already knew that Pfizer and Moderna were working on new versions of their vaccine, and after NVAX’s conference call today we know that NVAX is working on a bi-valent vaccine (  a combination shot).  The need for boosters and coverage against additional strains is a huge deal and favors NVAX significantly over MRNA/PFE/AZN/JNJ because it’s the only vaccine that can be so easily multiplexed and repetitively dosed:  1. Novavax’s existing vaccine has only 5ug of protein (millionths of a gram) and can add multiple additional strains without concerns over dose limiting toxicity. For instance, they could add an additional 4 strains and have only 25ug of protein, which is a dose evaluated during phase 1 trials that was found to be safe. 2. mRNA vaccines don’t have this same luxury because there is an upper limit to how much mRNA can be included in a dose before toxicity becomes a problem. For instance, Moderna includes 100ug of mRNA in each shot and we already know that they discontinued their 250ug dose from Phase 1 due to toxicity. They’re not going to be able to just add another 100ug of mRNA to cover another strain. This will be much more complex and may require separate shots for separate strains. 3. mRNA vaccines also have higher reactogenicity symptoms from subsequent injections. Note that there’s a huge difference in symptoms between dose 1 and dose 2 for both MRNA and PFE. This will likely carry over for boosters and additional shot and could become limiting. 4. The adenoviral vector vaccines – AZN/JNJ – suffer from vector-mediated immunity, which makes additional doses problematic bc your immune system develops an immune response against the vector itself and significantly less DNA is transcribed into spike protein. It’s unlikely that the adenoviral vectors will play a big role in the booster/additional strain market without some relatively complex and unattractive logistics (  mixing Ad26 and Ad5 vectors).    The need for boosters and for strain updates means that COVID vaccination isn’t going to be a one-time event.   This is bad for the world, but this is a huge deal for NVAX bc revenue forecasts for 2022 and beyond will be significantly higher than the DCF models used to arrive at current price targets from JPM and Jefferies, both of which are over $200.  Although the need for updated vaccine formulations presents an opportunity for 2nd wave vaccine makers to become relevant (  $ALT, $VXRT, $ARCT, $CVAC), it will be more challenging to recruit and conduct trials, creating a bit of a moat for NVAX and other 1st wave vaccine makers. There might be some interesting plays in that space, but NVAX remains best positioned at this point in time for future COVID vaccine revenues.  Another thing worth addressing is the fact that the speed by which the mRNA platforms can develop new candidates is very exaggerated. They have about a one month jump over NVAX's platform, which is time that's easily made up by the ease with which NVAX can be distributed due to standard refrigeration requirements.     # NVAX's is significantly undervalued with a $  market cap ($170/share)  I'm not a CFA and prefer to stick to the science, so I will reference the fact that multiple analysts had price targets north of $200 (Jefferies at $200 and JPM at $215) BEFORE considering the newly revealed importance of boosters and multivalent vaccine formulations which will add billions to annual revenue projections for 2022 and beyond. I suspect price targets will end up being much higher once the data and implications are digested and models are updated. These price targets were also before considering having best-in-class efficacy data against the original COVID variant.  For reference, consider some COVID vaccine competitors such as MRNA, BNTX, and CVAC, which have market caps of $63B, $26B, and $15B, respectively. Yes, their platforms are being given a higher multiple due to potential revenue for other indications, but NVAX successfully completed its phase 3 trial for their flu vaccine ($4B market) by demonstrating superiority versus existing best in class flu shot and have an advanced RSV vaccine candidate. Oh and they'll likely have a multi-valent COVID vaccine and annual booster revenue.  Last but not least, it's important to emphasize how big of a deal it is that NVAX requires standard refrigeration and not the cold chain requirements of MRNA and particularly PFE. We tend to think the most about the US and EU, but a lot of the world cannot distribute vaccines with special temperature requirements.     # Upcoming catalysts  As mentioned above, I anticipate that we’ll see a wave of analyst upgrades in the coming weeks.  I expect that we’ll see a wave of new supply contracts with countries that don’t yet have a secured supply of vaccine.  JNJ will be reporting data next week from their Phase 3 trial evaluating their 1-shot formulation. They had several sites in SA and I anticipate that they’ll be reporting efficacy specific for the SA variant and I expect it to be low. The efficacy readout for JNJ’s 1-shot trial is based on protection at day 15 post injection and based on immunogenicity data published this month, I’m expecting poor efficacy against the SA variant due to low NAb titers at day 15. I anticipate that poor results against the SA variant will act as a positive catalyst for NVAX as JNJ is viewed as an important competitor for NVAX due to also having standard refrigeration requirements.  Another likely catalyst will be the revelation that UK data will be able to be used for US emergency use authorization. For reasons that I can't understand, the media has largely ignored the fact that UK data can and will be used to support US EUA and that the US trial is relevant for eventual full licensure in the US which is a status that no COVID vaccine will have for at least another year. I don't think this has been appreciated and I think it will serve as another catalyst.  Finally, we’ll see efficacy data in the near future for PFE/MRNA against the UK and SA strains. It’s possible that we see some of this data next week at conference that all are attending on February 2nd.     # Positions  Currently have 1/29 $150c, $160c, and $170c with a handful of 2/19 calls and call spreads.  After I dump the 1/29s tomorrow, I plan to buy a combo of shares and 2/19 call spreads to play the next wave of catalysts.  \                    -  Thanks for your time      \                    -    Footnotes    1. There are two reasons why I'm expecting to see bigger drop-offs for other vaccines against the SA strain compared with NVAX: 1) lower baseline efficacy in the case of AZN and likely JNJ and 2) lower baseline neutralizing antibody titers compared with NVAX – true for PFE/MRNA/JNJ/AZN. Yes, T cells are important and may be an important differentiator for the mRNA  vaccines, but efficacy numbers to date have correlated with neutralizing antibody titers. T cells can’t prevent a virus particle from infecting a cell; they can only kill a cell once it’s infected (impt for disease prevention) whereas sufficiently high levels of neutralizing antibodies can prevent a virus particle from ever infecting a cell in the first place. One way or another, we’ll have comparative data very soon.
I GOT BORED AND COMPILED THE TOP 62 SHORTED STOCKS WITH THEIR SHORT FLOAT AND BORROWING RATES (IE HOW EXPENSIVE/HARD IT IS TO HOLD SHORT POSITION)   I EVEN PUT IT IN A FUCKING TABLE
HERE IS THE SHORTING AND BORROWING DATA FOR EVERY STOCK ABOVE 30% SHORTED.     NOTE: THIS IS ENTIRELY BASED ON INFORMATION FROM THE WEBSITES LINKED IN THE PREVIOUS POST.  IT COULD BE COMPLETELY WRONG AND/OR OUTDATED.  I AM NOT A DENTIST.  THIS IS NOT DENTAL ADVICE.   (DATA AS OF LIKE MIDNIGHT THURSDAY OR SOMETHING)      STOCKS WITH HIGH SHORT FLOAT HAVE A HIGHER PERCENT OF SHARES SHORTED.       SHORT RATIO IS THE RATIO BETWEEN SHORTED STOCKS AND AVERAGE VOLUME (IE DAYS TO COVER)       STOCKS WITH HIGH BORROWING RATE ARE EXPENSIVE TO BORROW OVER TIME.  DAILY COST = (STOCK PRICE)(BORROW RATE)(# of Shares)/365          THIS DOES NOT INCLUDE INTEREST.  BORROWING RATE CHANGES BASED ON VALUE, DEMAND, AND AVAILABLE INVENTORY          BORROWING RATE CAN SHOW HOW TIGHT THE MARKET FOR THE STOCK IS, AND MAY BE A BETTER INDICATOR OF SHORT INTEREST       AVAILABLE SHARES MEANS THE NUMBER OF SHARES AVAIBLE TO SHORT, NOT SHARES AVAILABLE TO BUY!      BORROWING RATE CAN SHOW HOW TIGHT THE MARKET FOR THE STOCK IS, AND MAY BE A BETTER INDICATOR OF SHORT INTEREST     Ticker Float Short Short Ratio (Days to cover) Borrowing Rate (%) Available shares   :- :- :- :- :-   GME 121     75000   ATUS 76     1000000   NAKD 75     400000   FUBO 75     1600000   XL 72     95000   GOEV 66     100   WB 66     450000   LGND 65     100000   BBBY 65     950000   FIZZ 62     75000   SPWR 57     350000   AMCX 56     800000   UTZ 55     1300000   MAC 52     2100000   SKT 52     20000   TLRY 51     650000   GSX 50     1700000   REV 48     100000   TDAC 47     200000     STOCKS WITH A HIGH BORROW RATE FOR SHORT-SELLERS (ABOVE \~20%)     Ticker Float Short Short Ratio Borrowing Rate Available shares   :- :- :- :- :-   VIVE 40     60000   GOEV 66     100   AYRO 34     400000   REV 48     100000   VXRT 34     750000   GME 121     75000   SENS 31     3000000   NAKD 75     400000   AMC 42 .59   1000000   XL 72     95000   RKT 37     550000   TLRY 51     650000     STOCKS WITH A HIGH SHORT FLOAT (\~50%)  AND HIGH BORROW RATE FOR SHORT-SELLERS (ABOVE \~20%)     Ticker Float Short Short Ratio Borrowing Rate Available shares   :- :- :- :- :-   GME 121     75000   NAKD 75     400000   XL 72     95000   GOEV 66     100   TLRY 51     650000   REV 48     100000    I AM NOT A FINANCIAL ADVISOR.  THIS IS NOT FINANCIAL ADVICE.  THIS IS FOR ENTERTAINMENT PURPOSES ONLY.  I AM NOT A DENTIST.  THIS IS NOT DENTAL ADVICE.           EDIT : LOW BORROWING RATE MEANS IT'S CHEAP TO STAY SHORT.  SHORTS DON'T EXPIRE, THEY JUST RUN OUT OF MONEY TO BORROW WITH EVENTUALLY IF THE BORROW RATE IS TOO HIGH.
Why you should get into SLV and why it is a solid play
The metal silver is currently shorted and all the redditors will get into SLV once GME   short squeeze is over. The SLV has been trading between 22-26$ for the past few days and a simply google search will tell you why the prices of silver are going to rocket.  There have been multiple DD’s regarding SLV on this subreddit. If you want to look at the one that I wrote in the morning today then simply look at my pinned post.    The IV ON SLV IS REALLY LOW WHICH MEANS CONTRACTS ARE CHEAPER. AG has high IV so I am moving more towards SLV.   THIS IS NOT A FINANCIAL ADVICE. Do your own research.   Positions - 4/16 30c’s and 2/19 27c’s     - Don’t give me awards. Use that award to buy GME, wait for short squeeze and once its over then jump into SLV.
PAPA POWELL HIMSELF IS ON OUR SIDE. DIAMOND HANDS WILL PRINT MONEY
Your GME shares might be lent to shortsellers
Your GME shares might be lent to shortsellers  This information has been discussed frequently the last view weeks, but may be new to the millions of autists and retards that joined in the last few days. You might be suppressing the stock by allowing your shares to be lent out to shorters.  "When can my shares be lent out?":  If you have a margin account and are using the margin your shares are lent out by your broker to short sellers. Same thing when you are in a share lending program, IBKR and Schwab have those for example.  "How can I make it stop?":  If it's possible cancel your enrollment in the share lending program or buy new stocks only in a cash account or something. But I'm retarded and no financial advisor so better google and look in here (the post I mostly ripped off for this).   BTW I like GME  Comment if you have more information, like how to opt out of your brokers program
$HIMS, your wife's new BF
Look you wonderful    autists,  I'm here to provide another yolo target, $HIMS. $HIMS is not some    behind Wendy's or your wife's "special friend" but instead a tech company focusing on telehealth. They have 2 brands, "hims" which focuses on male health (  of wsb) and "hers" for female health.  None of this means anything except that Auntie Cathie added shares to her fund, ARK investments, on Wednesday. I don't know anything (I am a retard of course) but I do know that Auntie Cathie is:  1. Sexy 2. Good at picking stonks 3. Longed $TSLA before it was cool 4. Added $PLTR to her funds last week or so ago and it has mega mooned since then. (Don't ask me wtf $PLTR does because I don't know either.)  tl:dr   Also Auntie Cathie bought $HIMS    Position: 1500 shares
DAILY MAIL DOX OF DEEPFUCKING VALUE + ROARING KITTY: how to report
Avenues of complaint: (as it is a UK publication)           Daily Mail - under the reporter Josh Boswell  . I will not be posting the article - due to not wanting to spread their message.     Please use these avenues and possibly the Daily Mail twitter (but they are notoriously unprofessional) to report this violation of his privacy.  They gave his   FULL NAME, CITY, COMPANY of employment, wife's name   jesus     edit:  CNBC has now joined in this too, and is reporting this too
$WKHS DD
$WKHS is literally going to 10X when they announce they got the USPS electric vehicle contract coming up. Biden announced the entire federal fleet is going electric and WKHS has pretty damned sweet vehicles already in production that have a delivery drone that comes out the top.    When the CEO was asked during an interview Wednesday about the USPS contract he said he was under an NDA and couldn't comment.  TL:DR all in on 2/5 $40 WKHS calls
To all you newbies go buy stuff from GME and/or get the PowerUp membership TODAY
The electronic only PowerUp Rewards membership is actually a pretty good deal since you get monthly coupons. The app is pretty well put together but a little glitchy at times. I am assuming Cohen is going to put some manpower behind that in the coming months to make it better.  If the squeeze does not happen soon the shorts will hold on until the earnings report and GME's quarter ends this month.  Disclaimer: I am not a financial advisor and this is not financial advice. I like the stock. I am long in an undisclosed amount of shares.
1 BILLION RETARDS FROM CHINA INCOMING
CNBC Doxxed DeepFuckingValue - time for a boycott
I was recently drawn to the attention of an article stating that CNBC had found u/deepfuckingvalue, but this article goes way too far. It lists:       His real name   His age   His previous employer   Deep details about family   And also their repeated harassing of him for comment       CNBC has gone too far  . This combined with their hideously biased approach to the GME moon mission is disgraceful. Boycott CNBC, don't watch them. Simples     Please only view for verification purposes, as this article is a travesty of privacy:      \[Removed for his protection, please verify it was real with others\]      Edit: I have now learned that the Daily Mail UK has published a similar thing, and Reuters too. Down with all of this predatory 'journalism'  Edit 2: Perhaps we should be more outraged at the daily mail, their article is waaay too personal  GME to the moon obligatory      45 shares of GME @ 45 avg
A Message from DFV to You about Melvin!
Diamond hands can not be shook. Hold the line
Whales incoming! 🐋
The Germans know a little something about a good blitzkrieg. ONWARD FELLOW APES
“For trying to eliminate hate speech” Or maybe everyone hated that you were trying to monetize the sub illegally
Scientists are saying people are struggling to sleep because of the moon
Chris Cuomo lambasted the CEO of Robinhood (Vlad Tenev) during interview
People are risking their lives to wage war against the suits and it brings tears to my eyes to watch them do it.
That is not hyperbole. Money isn't just paper used to buy cocaine and hookers. It is a physical representation of a portion of a man's life. Make $50,000 a year in a soul sucking desk job? Taking a $50,000 position on $GME is risking a year off your life to fight this good fight. The amount of years so many of you are willing to put on the line is an amazing testament to how dedicated this sub is to fucking these bastards raw. The bastards who steal thousands of years off the regular man's lives every single day. You're fighting the good fight, and your sacrifices will not be forgotten.    🏻 🌕
I hope I’m doing this right.....
Just placed orders for ~$3k into a few things. The 1 share of gme is really just symbolic.....
The $SLV DD you were waiting for. Why this could be the next big thing. Don't expect it to Rocket like meme Stonks but SLV has a potential to go up by atleast 20% in next month or two.
As per  ,  silver prices could easily be 30$ per ounce. Goldman Sachs also believes 2021 to be an amazing year for the commodities market and recommends investors to go long on Gold, Silver etc.                 Not only Capital but Silver is also backed up by  ,  they expect precious metals to rocket up to the galaxy in 2021.              Silver also outperformed other metals in the year 2020.                already called this in the start of January even way before all this volatility kicked into the market. Gold, Silver still have a lot of potential upsides after a record year says CNBC          says "Gold and silver have a lot of upside" after a record year.    SUMMARY : - Based on all these analysis, its fair enough to say that SLV will break the upper most layer of the Earth which is Lithosphere and rocket straight into the moon.         TLDR : - Buy 4/16 30$ calls and lots of shares. Enjoy your tendies         THIS ISN'T FINANCIAL ADVICE. INVEST AT YOUR OWN RISK AND DO YOUR OWN DD. THANK YOU
There must be repercussions! (RH)
Mods, if I have crossed a line, delete and please tell me what I did wrong so I can try my best to get my point across without drawing the ire of the tireless mods (thank you in advance and major props for handling  –  autists in essentially one day).  Story time: imagine you were being abused by someone, yet, you had power and the option to WALK AWAY! Would you stay and be abused? Or would you want to resist and move on to something new? If someone fucks me over, I’m done with that person. When a Company shows me they care not, about my business and patronage, then I move on.  Folks, it’s time to move on. I won’t name the “Unnamed One” in hopes of this post passing the filtered, but you ALL know what you have to do! DO IT TOMORROW. Other platforms will welcome you. And while there is still fuckery about, it’s not the level of RH fuckery!! Let’s show them what we think about their actions and let’s hit them where it hurts!!!! Pull your money, transfer your positions (ask your new brokerage to compensate you for any Transfer Fees, they will, 100%) and take back control of your future.   OP Note: if I could short RH I would, cause those  cunts have burned their business to the ground after today’s tom-fuckery!!  Do what must be done. Always make sure your punches inflict the maximum damage. It’s time we shit ‘em down!  Valhalla or   the  🤚’s decide! Good luck! Stay vigilant. Stay focused.    this is 100% financial advice  Edit: apparently it’s a fucking process to withdraw funds from RH,   where you are and after the dust, DO WHAT YOU HAVE TO DO!
Friendly reminder for GME
We are all into this stock together. It is our time to feast and eat from the wealthy fucks from wallstreet.   A lot of different ages are involved in this stock and some of them are old enough to remember 2008 and some don’t.   Wallstreet took advantage of the middle class people and made millions of people homeless (not only in USA). Dads and moms that had nothing left to live for beside their kids.   They got away with it and have been doing the same trick for years. This time, we got them by the balls and will drag them fucking down.   Goodluck all. Hold or buy.
‘Doxxing’ someone, even if he’s a Nazi sympathizer, poses a serious ethical dilemma #fuckCNBC
I live in a car, and I'm    to the MOON.
This will probably get buried, but what you guys have created is a once in a lifetime opportunity to fuck over the establishment that put me and my gf on the street despite us both working full-time jobs. We scraped together enough to buy one whole share. Drop in the bucket, but we're doing our part. I'm stuck on RH because of paperwork issues, but I'm transferring out ASAP. I might pull a small fraction out if I was too much of a retard and miscalculated food for the month, but otherwise we're going from our Camry to the MOOOOOON        🌕  Edit: Thanks for all the support! The gf and I will be fine, so if you want to help, BUY GME. (Not financial whatever it doesn't matter I'm too poor to sue anyway)
Tastyworks is offering up to 100 shares sign up bonus. I'm moving there from RH. (I am NOT affiliated, just think they're good)
Full moon tonight... full view of the destination
Vladimir Tenev & Baiju Bhatt (Co-Founders of Robinhood) are ex-High Frequency Traders -- An Expose.
Vlad Tenev (CEO) & Baiju Bhatt (Co-founder) are ex-High Frequency Traders. They started out their careers as HFTs to engage in market manipulation & front running for profit. Only then did they realize that selling order flow to allow other HFTs to front-run and manipulate the markets was a much more profitable & scalable business than being an HFT themselves. Thus Robinhood was born.    Source:      "In 2010, Tenev and Bhatt started a    In 2013, Tenev and Bhatt co-founded the trading platform Robinhood."  As ex-HFTs, they 100% knew what they were doing today by halting buy orders on Gamestop.  I don't doubt that Robinhood's clearing firm Apex Corporation was under massive stress / risk of short sellers not being able to cover their positions with $GME's price above $400 and only trending upwards. Hell, Interactive Brokers Chairman openly said that on CNBC  .  However by forcing their customers to not be able to buy $GME, and also allow them to sell $GME and actively close positions of users who artificially were forced into a margin call by MMs trading the stock down on low volume is disgusting.  They KNEW that by allowing users to not be able to buy $GME, but to be able sell $GME, MMs would to take advantage of the sell pressure & low volume on the stock in order to tank the price. They KNEW that some of their users would panic sell or be liquidated by margin calls from the artificially decrease in price by MMs from $450 to $150 after the halt. They also KNEW that once the price dropped enough, due to manufactured sell pressure, shorts could cover enough of their positions so that the stress on clearance houses would be eased and all order in the world of HFTs would be restored.  If Vlad & Baiju were actually looking out for their users, and not their actual customers the HFTs, they would have restricted all purchases & sales of Gamestop stock or placed a 1-2 halt on all trading of $GME. Clearly, they did not do that and it shows who Robinhood actually serves -- the HFTs they once aspired to be.  As Munger, says "  Show me the incentive and I'll show you the outcome  ."  From the inception these guys never had your best interests at heart and I assume that's what Chamath was not so subtly alluding to  .  Lastly, I was a Robinhood customer for 3 years until I started trading options back in March when I joined this sub (best thing that's ever happened to me). It became very clear to me after a few months how openly HFTs were front running our order flow on RH, since my option orders would only fill once the bid / ask spread comfortably passed my limit order or limit sell.  I then switched to Fidelity, TD, and now Schawb. Please do yourself a favor and once you sell your $GME positions get yourself a real broker & never do business with someone so clearly acting against your interests for their personal gain. Fidelity, eTrade, Schawb, and SoFi are all great options as brokers.    TLDR --    1.   Vlad Tenev & Baiju Bhatt are ex-HFT scum.   2.   Robinhood was founded on the idea that selling order flow to HFTs is a much better & more scalable business than being a HFT yourself.   3.   RH (Vlad & Baiju) knew that stopping the ability for their users to purchase shares would artificially tank the price.   4.   If Vlad or Baiju had any self respect, believed in their fiduciary duty to his users, and didn't have the HFTs paying his bills they would have halted all purchases & sales of GME shares.   5.   Once the squeeze is over never use Robinhood again.   6.   I like the stock  🌕 🌗        EDIT --        I work in tech and have always heard less than stellar things about these two. Today proved they are the worst of us.
What if they just dont cover?
Now hear me out, and maybe I'm ignoring some fundamentals of finance here, but this is just another autists perspective. What if the shorts just continue to hold their positions in GME without covering? Sure, we might have the stock run-up on Friday when options are executed, but what then? Wont it cost the big hedge funds less to just hold and wait rather than cover now and risk blowing up their entire fund? Can someone please explain why they can't do this and why my theory is stupid.     edit: I'm not talking about options expiring tomorrow, which will 100% force them to buy. I'm asking about the short interest. Is it possible for them to pay the interest for the foreseeable future without covering? I feel like if they cover rn at      1k , it will be far more costly than paying the interest for a few months.  edit 2: seems like the explanation is that they cant keep paying the interest rates forever, which makes sense. But does anyone know the current interest rates they're paying?
I am the top caller.
Lets set a timeline:  February 13: I open Robinhood account and start investing into a variety of stocks  FEBRUARY 20th: THE STOCK MARKET CRASHES  April 5th-8th: stock market surges and I decide to buy ABT calls.    Stock market GOES DOWN THE NEXT WEEK AND I LOSE EVERYTHING  June 8th: I finally get some money again and decide to buy Spy calls  JUNE 10th: MARKET FUCKING CRASHES AGAIN AND I LOSE EVERYTHING  August 31: Market has the biggest rally on tech earnings, I hold and hold and hold. I finally am up all-time with over 1,000% returns  September 3rd: TECH FUCKING CRASHES AND I LOSE EVERYTHING  November 20th- November 30th: EV market rallies and I make 1,000% returns. I buy more calls on November 30th  December 1st: EV MARKET FUCKING CRASHES AND I LOSE EVERYTHING  I give up actively trading December 2nd - January 27th I just hold ARKK. The great retard market rallies over thousands of percentages and I decide to just watch.   I FINALLY give in after and buy shares of AMC on January 28th at 6:50am  JANUARY 28TH 7:00am: RETARD MARKET CRASHES OVER FUCKING 50%  I SELL MY 500 SHARES OF AMC AT A LOSS THINKING EVERYTHING WILL CONTINUE TO GO DOWN AND THEN EVERYTHING RALLIES BACK UP AGAIN.   I’m never buying anything again. Everything I touch turns into dust. Good thing Fidelity didn’t give me access to options or I would’ve lost everything again
Attack on Wall Street pt. 1 (SUB)
Angels in the OTM: what a ballGME on deck !
Hold your $GME We’re all in this Together Everyone!!!
Wow Congress might actually do something about illegal short selling. It sounds like they are blaming the real culprit here.
Robinhood Raises $1 Billion In Mad Dash For Cash
For my BB people out there. I’m holding with you.
Don’t get lost in the sauce: What I miss and you should too
I know some of you new inguardo retardos are wondering what it was like on this sub before you even knew what a stonk option was or you started getting pegged on Thursdays after happy hour and a few shots of tequila you bought with those GME gainz.  Maybe it’s outsiders that need to understand this moreso than new members, but we aren’t, ever were, or ever will be manipulators OR geniuses. This moment we live in is A-GME (After Great Mooning Experience). In the before times (Before-GME) we were just retarded gamblers who like daddy JPow and the magic printer, 3AM Orange Man toilet tweets, infinite GUH, box spreads, WSB inverse strats, 0DTE SPY FDs, 1 million to 1 billion or zero, coke and strippers, Hartek jate, loss porn, ornamental gourd futures, chainsaw vasectomies, shareholder shaming (not enough risk IMO), gay bear acceptance, Wall Street Bull ball touching, Supreme™️ Crude, Funding Secured, and more.   I suggest newcomers familiarize yourself with these items through research on this sub because you’re not doing anything better with your life and this is the 79th time you’ve opened your brokerage app today. If you don’t get learned, you won’t realize that we LOVE all sorts of trading competitions here and have wonderful prizes for all participants. Old heads let me know what else I missed.  Positions: Paperhanded GME at 150 don’t fucking kill me, NOK, SLV, options expiring today that I don’t wanna talk about
It looks like Robinhood may not have enough collateral
[GME] Premarket Speech (full video w/sound in comments)
For the love of God, stop typing EVERYTHING IN ALL CAPS!!!
I know you're all retarded, but holy shit. Please fucking stop spamming everything in all caps. I get it, I wanna send GME to the moon too, but its getting exhausting reading all this shit you retards spam.  If you have something important and intelligent to say, I will most likely read over it if the entire fucking paragraph is in caps.   Also, quit copy and pasting the same shit in the discussion threads. The message is already at the top when you sort by best, so I don't need to be reminded 50 times because you all want your goddamn karma.  Thank you for coming to my Ted Talk.  Positions: 90 shares of GME  🤚 (This is not financial advice).
Can I get a commissioner? A Mod? I would like to place a bet.
I, u/find_your_zen, being of sound mind, body and soul hereby affirm before God and my fellow man that if GameStop (GME) closes below $  USD at the end of this trade day, January 29th 2021, the year of the Tendie. I will get a "We liked the stock" tattoo permanently engraved on my body by a tattoo artist who thinks this whole idea is fucking retarded, but does it anyway because they're a God damn professional.  This is the calm before the storm, the price now does not matter, it only matters at EOD, expect a massive push from them. I am selling off the rest of my positions today to buy EOD. Let's make sure these hedge funds die with the name u/deepfuckingvalue still fresh in their breath.  Hold strong. Fuck you. I love you all.
Brokerage discussion - finding a new broker that isn’t pandering to hedge funds
Now that I am leaving Robinhood, I wanted to send my business to a broker that has not played games or pandered to the hedge funds.  According to the Journal, the following have restricted trading: Robinhood Markets Inc., Webull Financial LLC, E Trade Financial Corp., Interactive Brokers Group Inc. (   ).  The Fool says: “Other brokerages, including Interactive Brokers, Charles Schwab, and TD Ameritrade, also imposed new restrictions on who could buy GameStop and substantially tightened their requirements for shorting stocks on margin (which means borrowing money to short stocks).” (   )   So, the naughty list currently includes:  Robinhood  Webull E-Trade Interactive Brokers Group Charles Schwab TD Ameritrade   Who else have you seen restrict trades? Who is still being fair and allowing trades? Who should be added to the naughty and nice list?
Witness history
It’s going to be a long ride
I am just one of these apes, not a financial advisor
PLEASE SHARE THIS AROUND! TODAY IS A CRITICAL DAY! (Copied and pasted)
The limit imposed by Robinhood and others on how many shares you can purchase (vs unlimited selling) will make things very hard for us. There is no guarantee that squeeze will happen today. The only thing that is guaranteed mathematically is that the shorts will have to cover at some point in the future. Hedge funds are trying to get enough people hooked on the false expectation that Today is make-or-break for $GME so that if/when it doesn't happen, enough will sell out of panic/despair. DO NOT FALL FOR IT BECAUSE SHORT STOCK DOESN'T HAVE AN EXPIRATION DATE. It may be Friday or could be next week but for sure one day we will see the real squeeze. Until that time comes hold the fucking line.  REMEMBER ENEMY IS NOT FIGHTING BACK BECAUSE WE ARE WEAK, BUT BECAUSE WE ARE STRONG. THEY KNOW THEY ARE LOSING THE BATTLE! AND NOW THEY FEAR US. THEY FEAR OUR BRAVENESS, FEARLESSNESS, HONESTY & MOST IMPORTANT OF ALL ——> UNITY. WE LIKE THE STOCK KEEP HOLDING UNTIL THEY FEEL THE PAIN, WHETHER THAT'S TODAY OR NEXT WEEK 5,000+
STOP SELLING RETARDS
BUT THE FUCKING DIP
IT'S SIMPLE - THEY WANT WHAT YOU HAVE. DO NOT GIVE IT TO THEM. HOLD ON FOR DEAR LIFE UNTIL NEXT WEEK AND DON'T FALL FOR FALSE FLAGS. 10K+ HERE WE COME.
I'm not offering financial advice, I'm a simple man who understands 'We have the GOODS' and the longer we hold, the more we will profit.    FOR THOSE WHO AREN'T PAYING CLOSE ATTENTION. PLEASE READ EVERY HOT THREAD RIGHT NOW AND GET THE CONTEXT ON THIS AND UNDERSTAND WHY YOU HOLD AND WHY NOT TO FEAR 'LOSING' YOUR GAINS.    What you think you've 'gained' soon will be NOTHING like what will be in store after.    READ ALL OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN THIS SUB TO GET AN INSIGHT INTO WHY YOU NEED TO HOLD AND LET IT OFFER YOU CONFIDENCE TO HOLD.       SEE  . THIS IS FOR ALL YOU NEWCOMERS AND NEVER-TRADERS WHO RECENTLY JOINED THIS. PAY VERY CLOSE ATTENTION TO HISTORY AND BE PART OF IT.       WELCOME AND HOLD.          EDIT:   CLICK HERE.
All in on $TSLA - Trust Elon
This is for America, this is for the blue collars, this is for WORKING AMERICA        🤝
Fellow retards,  We have made a lot of noise, we should pat ourselves on the back, there’s no denying that. We have finally made a voice for the hard working people that got FUCKED over in 2008.   This isn’t just about you and me, it’s about doing this for you, your family and every blue collar person out there that is now a retail trader and got fucked 12 years ago.   WE WILL NOT STOP UNTIL PEOPLE ARE IN JAIL. I’m so proud of all the retards that held; because now we are stronger than ever.   My family got laid of 2008, parents worked in Michigan in automotive where it got fucked. I’m doing it for them, but also doing it for the people that just got laid of in the Keystone pipeline and need a voice. We are stronger than the weak ass politicans and it’s showing. STAY STRONG. STAY TOGETHER. WE WILL FUCK THEM OVER       BB GME AMC NOK TO THE FUCKING MOOONNNN           🤝🤝          😗
MARKET REALIST POV: Long $PENIS
Motherfucker wall of text inbound.  this will probably get buried but i feel the need to write it  Disclaimer: I AM NOT ACTIVELY INVESTED IN $GME $AMC ET CETERA. NOR DO I HAVE CONTRACTS.  Let us Begin.  I have been lurking on this sub for 7 years and some change. Most of you are probably too new here to remember DryShips (wow what a time), AMD when it was 8 dollars, the Marijuana craze, or the many other notable time periods on here. These past few weeks have been incredible to watch, not in a positive or negative way, truly here to watch the madness.  I hope you all make money whatever the play. Money grows on trees in this economic climate. Go get some, but don't let the ladder fall.  Lots of anger here today, blaming institutions, blaming individuals, blaming the lizard overlordz for your losses. Listen, I get it, no one LIKES to lose money.  Markets have not been rational for a few years... So I ask, where was this anger when Yield Curves inverted and the vix has been through the roof for the last couple years? whats that? your account was green? oh ok then. I say that not to disparage but rather to inform the subreddit as a whole that you guys have blinders on that hide what you do not want to see (confirmation bias).  What we DO NOT need is for congress to swoop in and save the day. only thing that type of intervention brings is the common man holding a bag that that causes you to lose sleep. Robinhood was wrong to suspend trading. but it was completely legal. they are a company that has to make money. (If something is free that is not free anywhere else, then it is most definitely NOT free, as you all saw today)  People are trading as they drive down the interstate. we have never seen this before on such a massive scale. but remember, the market will always REMIND you of your mortality. it may not be today, or tomorrow or even next week, but the market will humble even the very best.  This does end the way you want it to end. no one will go to jail. corporations come out on top. remember that. it's a beautiful thing for some but a depressing thought for others. But it is the way humans have operated for millennia.   the smaller tribe always got defeated and beheaded and raped by the larger powerful tribe.    GOOD LUCK TO ALL, YOU BEAUTIFUL MOTHERFUCKING RETARDS!!!  I hope this doesn't get buried, but it probably will.  feel free to ask me all the questions you want in comments, I will do my best to respond to them all.  throwaway account, i can provide proof of other account if you must have it.
Serious: Is it theoretically possible for GME to go to infinity?
The hedge funds aren’t obligated to buy shares by any specified date. If us retards just hold after we buy all the shares then won’t their eventually be some stability in the price meaning that GME couldn’t go to infinity? And what’s all this nonsense about funds being forced to buy our shares at an absurd price like $250,000? Since there’s no specific date they have to buy the shares but then they can just NOT ever fulfill this. Feedback please.
STOCKWARS: Revenge of the Tard
Morpheus has helped calm my nerves today.  🏾
EU is back in business baby! Trade Republic lifted the ban on GME and the other stocks.
"Yesterday was an unprecedented day in the capital markets. The background was mass movements in a few stocks, which resulted in unseen load limits for trading venue partners. To ensure the stability of trading for the majority of the market, we have decided not to accept buy orders for certain stocks for the time being. We have lifted this restriction. We apologize for the temporary restriction of your freedom in trade. As a broker, we have far-reaching requirements for the security, stability and risk management of our platform. These measures exist for your protection as a customer. We take this responsibility seriously and will make adjustments if necessary. Yesterday's decision was not easy for us:    As Trade Republic, we stand for free, simple and commission-free access to the capital market. We are thrilled that in this way many millions of people in Europe can participate in the stock exchanges for the first time. We firmly believe in the regulating power of the markets and the freedom from supply and demand. Safety and reliability for our customers are always at the center of our actions. To be clear, Trade Republic was founded to be a different bank built by people for people.      Trade Republic has no relationships with so-called hedge funds. Trading takes place on the Hamburg Stock Exchange and is publicly regulated. We are very pleased that you are part of Trade Republic and actively participate in this debate. We hear your criticism and take it seriously. It is our incentive to get better.   "   TLDR:
RH said they would open up trades again but I’m still getting restrictions to buy. I’ve got cash in my account to cover and I’m not using margins. Is this more manipulation? Video evidence attached.
Trade Republik (German mobile broker) opened trading for GME, BB, NOK etc again, telling people they have no connections to any hedge funds.
Translated text below:  „Hello Stinkepimmel,  yesterday was an unprecedented day in the capital markets. The background was mass movements in a few stocks, which resulted in unseen load limits at trading desk partners. In order to ensure trading stability for the majority of the market, we decided to stop accepting buy orders for certain stocks for the time being.  We have lifted this restriction. We apologize for the temporary restriction of your trading freedom.  As a broker, we have extensive requirements for the security, stability and risk management of our platform. These measures exist for your protection as a customer. We take this responsibility seriously and will make adjustments as needed.   Yesterday's decision was not easy for us: As Trade Republic we stand for free, easy and commission-free access to the capital market. We are thrilled that many millions of people in Europe will be able to participate in the stock markets for the first time in this way. We firmly believe in the regulating power of the markets and the freedom of supply and demand. However, security and reliability for our customers are always at the heart of everything we do.  To be clear, Trade Republic was founded to be a different bank, built by people for people. Trade Republic has no relationships with so-called hedge funds. Trading is done through the stock exchange in Hamburg and is publicly regulated.  We are very happy that you are part of Trade Republic and actively participate in this debate. We listen to your criticism and take it seriously. It is our incentive to become better. Thank you very much! YOUR TRADE REPUBLIC TEAM“   EDIT: to make this clear. I am not buying any of this bullshit.
Snowball Effect causing shorters to back out of positions across Europe
This is one of many news the last couple of days on how hedge funds are repositioning after the GameStop drama (Swedish financial paper).     The news are reporting, media profiles and politicians are jumping in. This has becoming much, much larger than Fuck You Melvin and GameStop.  I’ve been in banking for almost 20 years and this is changing how “we” talk (I’m actually retired).   With the added transparency and speed from tech retail investors can compete with professionals. You can beat them at their own game.  They aren’t idiots, never think that these people are idiots. They are some of the most clever individuals around so they will adapt.   Maybe shorting will be regulated or they will “regulate” themselves like we’re seeing now, closing many open positions.  So even if GameStop goes tits up (it won’t, it’s a   to the  ) this has changed a lot of things already.   Well done. Keep your head high and dick swinging.  Edit: of course I am fucking holding. 800 shares at 55.
Power of the People! $GME
Note to Market makers please be careful today on GME or you might not be able to open doors on monday!!!
You should go 100% delta hedged on all your short calls. The most you can lose is the stock price and that is a heck of a lot less than infinity. Everybody know your blackscholes formula is 50% bullocks and doesnt work on short time scales. Do yourself a solid and hedge 100% so you can stay open on Monday and pay us our money. We dont want you disappearing on us along with our profits now. Thank you and fuck you.  This is not financial advice, im just trying to make sure my counterparty can stay alive to pay me.
Phase 2
I will start off by saying that this is not financial advice, form your own conclusions.   We know GME may  eventually  come back off of this wave (I LIKE THE STOCK). I want nothing more than to destroy the suits that have this coming.   The amount of retail investors holding small amounts of GME right now must add up to a fuck load of total shares. Assuming retail now has the controlling amount of  shares (more than 50%) why don't we just completely fuck with wall street and gift our shares to Gamestop employees and change their lives forever? I only hold 10 shares and would be willing to give them all away if there was some way to guarantee employees would get them.   I don't know the first thing about how to make something like this actually happen so don't lean on me to deliver, I'll gladly let the spotlight shift to someone less fucking stupid.     THEY HAVEN'T SEEN ANYTHING YET, WE ARE ONE
Let’s not let our Asian brethren down. Hold  🤲🏼
Justin Sun has increased his purchase to $10M
Justin Sun joins the
I’m fuk bear. Which hole fuk.
Hopefully this song keeps you guys motivated
WE'RE IN THE ENDGAME NOW
Robinhood has finally released AMC and GME shares from custody at 3:18 AM
Smell the Roses
Just realized something while taking a minute to stop and smell the roses.  This is an experience money can’t buy. A lot of us are going to become somewhat rich, amazing, but this is more than that.  Even if you make a billion, you can’t recreate this event or feel the same   it in. I’m smiling ear to ear knowing “something big is happening”  I bought my first options one day before the corona crash on feb 19 and got margin called, missed every put opportunity in March with a negative account that I couldn’t fix.   We all said it was a once in a decade event back then.  Never thought we would have a once in a century event, especially in under a year.  The way made it is fucking legendary. It’s such a good story and plot. Who’s writing the time line nowadays? The journey will be better than the tendies. The perfect storm,  could not have been planned better.   I love you tards. I hope this sets you towards a positive future.  January 2021 will be permanently s  in history and our memories forever.  #  In DFV We Trust, GMEn
PSA: WE AREN’T ROBINHOOD’S “Customers,” WE ARE THEIR “Product.”
I’ve been seeing a tremendous amount of posts regarding the interviews with dumb ass crooked booms, and everyone is referencing fagvlad for saying that he’s protecting his customers.    LETS GET ONE THING STRAIGHT HERE PEOPLE: WE ARE NOT ROBINHOOD’S “CUSTOMERS” AT ALL. Robinhood is a free service, and the way they make money is by selling our data to hedge funds so that they can make smarter, more strategic decisions. Fuck, 50% of ROBINHOOD’s income is from fucking hedge funds dude. 50 percent comes from these manipulative fucks. Maybe even 51%. They dominate these sellouts. They literally played us by naming it Robinhood to lure us in.   WE ARE THE PRODUCT. They are scraping data on all of us and selling it to them. These hedge funds then use AI technologies to make sense of this data and help trade for them milliseconds quicker than anyone else. When swing trading, thats a huge competitive edge. These guys already have a HUGE advantage over us, have all the money and resources, SET THE RULES THEMSELVES, and then completely bribed Robinhood in the eventuality that something like this happened. Melvin Cap became Robinhoods biggest customer / revenue source on purpose no doubt. Why else would they have such a risky short strategy? They probably have TD also bought out, and the fucking lot of them. Fuck. Robinhood. Sell out commie pieces of shit.    We have to not only hold our options and shit here through expiration to REALLY fuck them over, but once this event is done gtfo out of Robinhood and make them pay. Find a new brokerage to use.    It’s insane that a Chinese exchange, fucking Webull, is more “free” than our US based ones. This is supposed to be a free market, and the fact that they changed the rules mid game is so beyond fucked up it’s actually criminal.    I understand everyone’s extremely mad, but we diamond hand this together. We are all in this and experiencing this together. It sucks that we are just a product of Robinhood, like we are products of Facebook, but we also have the power to leave in droves and completely screw them over.    I head they were eyeing an IPO... how ironic would it be if Robinhood was the app that stole from the poor to give to the rich, and Vlad himself got impaled? What timeline are we in again?   Stay strong boys. I love you all.        GME   + BB   + AMC   + NOK   + BBBY   =
Sing with me if you know the words! (An anthem for the traders standing up to the elite.)
Do you hear the people sing? Singing the song of angry men? It is the music of the people Who will not be slaves again! When the beating of your heart Echoes the beating of the drums There is a life about to start When tomorrow comes!    Will you join in our crusade? Who will be strong and stand with me? Beyond the barricade Is there a world you long to see?   Then join in the fight That will give you the right to be free!    Do you hear the people sing? Singing the song of angry men? It is the music of the people Who will not be slaves again! When the beating of your heart Echoes the beating of the drums There is a life about to start When tomorrow comes!    Will you give all you can give So that our banner may advance? Some will fall and some will live Will you stand up and take your chance? The blood of the martyrs Will water the meadows of France!    Do you hear the people sing? Singing the song of angry men? It is the music of the people Who will not be slaves again! When the beating of your heart Echoes the beating of the drums There is a life about to start When tomorrow comes!       GME to 40k+
Short early morning Update - GME German trading
As of 03:32 ET (09:32) German/Paris time, GME is up around 76% from yesterday's close. The price is around 290€ / 350 USD. Volatility is high, so price can change by the seconds while writing this.  Usually, stock price, especially for smaller caps, sticks to future pricing and aligns with US pre-market trading once open.  Also interesting, German broker Trade Republic has reversed the ban on trading GME. The firm said, restrictions were necessary to protect stability of trading systems, risk management and clients.  \#Edit 1: Just to give an additional perspective, the last two days, GME opened green in Germany, went high and dropped to US-prices when pre-market trading opened (still green but lower price).  Edit 2: I also read news, that two chinese Brokers reallowed GME buying. Apparently the buy-ban was done on international levels.  \#Edit 3: Price updated.  \#Welikethestock  All the best from Europe
People seem to think the only reason GME is going up is because its a “meme”. Nope, its because I spent real life money at a real life store last Friday. YW.
The sheriff of nottingham
All in on Gamespot
Out of the loop? What's going on and what's going to happen, what you can do.
Alright kids, fellow retards, and wall street shills. I'm going agaisnt the grain here, but I'm a fellow looser dropping tens of keys for years with you guys, so just inverse me, I'm a good counter indictor.    What's going on?     .  To avoid it all going in flames Market Makers and then Clearing Houses (new things to learn for you I know) the real players just decided to excercise their contracts and require full deposits from their clients (the small fries like WebBull and Robinhood).  Have they not do that GME would be already orbiting Mars, not Moon. Fucking Mars. Wait no, fuck Mars, it'd be orbiting Pluto.  The problem is with the infinite squeeze is ... nothing is fucking infinite. Sure you can  say  that the potential for losses for shorts is infinite, except when you are over 100% of losses and you are a corporation, the worst that happens is you close the door, and put up a sign saying "fuck you. sue me". You must understand that. We've liquidated few funds, we'll liquidate few more, but in the end there's simply not enough shares to go around.    Ok. So what's going to happen?    Next week price will go up. Definitely     to the stratosphere(1000+), maybe     to the Moon(5000+), unlikely     to Mars (10k-20k).  Then the real players: Vanguards, BlackRock will start dumping mass amount of shares.  Now listen to this. Did you ever wonder how 130% short interest was created?  Alice has 1 share of GME. Bob comes and borrows a share, and then immidietly sells it to the Celine. Celine then lends it to Daniel, who then goes areound and immidietly sells it again to Edgar. Voila: 200% short interest out of 1 share with no naked short selling.    BUT   it works the other way too. Short seller Bob, buys a share because he has to, swallows a loss, but you know what? now he has a share, a share that's going up, so he waits one day and sells it for a profit ... to short seller Daniel, who turns around and does the same thing. Unwinding two shorts. Those two shorts still need to be returned .. eventually, but they can play the momentum as well as you do. So even getting their opsions excercised is not the end for them,  It takes days to unwind those kind of trades, that's why this squeeze will take days if not weeks.  So should you    to win? You'd think that   .  Now the hedge funds will get liquidated, sooner or later, if not on GME then on the next meme stock. But they do not   only   short. They als ohave long positions, those positions will get liquidated - that's why APPL is selling off among other things. What does that mean?  Wide market selloff. Markets   will   go down, and those people that invest in APPL do have stop losses. The stop losses will trigger, market will go down more.    Ok retard so what should I do  ?   You're playing casino with disposable money ?    till Mars   You're here to support Vanguard (because their ETFs are RAD) and want to fuck the system?     till Mars   You are just here for the ride and memes ?    till Mars   You are here because your Aunt gave you some pocket money ?      You are here because you got stimulus check and you're up more then 200%?  Sell enough to take out your initial investment then    till Moon   You are here because you're bored?  Are you using big boy exchange and can actually buy?  Sell GME 400$ - Buy 2 \  GME 200$. Rinse. Repeat. Trade a fucking volatility because it's stupid and it's jsut going up, so buy every dip, then sell ... to buy more dips.    Bread Line/Wendys:    Is it your "fuck you money?"     Is it your financial independence money? Sell half of it for 400-500$ rest of it is now your fuck you money so     Don't get caught bag holding for Vanguard and Black Rock. Short the wide markets.    Positions:    Short S&P, Short Nasdaq, Short DOW, Long Gold & Silver. Long the meme: GME, BBBY, AMC, BB, Nok, etc.    PS  . Remember WS is not your friend, but people who trade millions of options and can  consistently  post loss porn for millions of dollars are not your friends either. Don't let them indoctrinate you into holding the bag for likes of Vanguard or BlackRock.    PPS.   Obviously I fucking like the stock, and don't like broad market, not a financial advise, I don't   know   what's going to happen, etc.
Are they shorting the bond market?
People using RobinHood, all your money there may be in danger
Well as you all know, RH banned GME trading not just to help the big guys, but because they may have a very high change of bankruptcy. Yesterday Interactive Brokers CEO said brokers did that to protect themselves. It is recorded, and there is a tweet on Bloomberg about that.  Brokers must cover the money you have in their platform up to a certain amount of money (dont know the exact amount) in the event of bankruptcy. After what happened yesterday I have serious doubts they may be able to cover all your investments in the event of bankruptcy, so if you have the money on RobinHood, you may consider moving it to another brokers.   ✊🏻
In January 2020, many feared the imminent onset of World War III. One year later, we are witnessing a World War III no one saw coming. We are now witnessing Class Warfare on a historical scale.
Recent events on wall street have triggered a war between social classes with alliances that transcend nations and even political ideology. The Little Guy has firmly grasped the corrupt "elite" by the balls when we beat them at their own game. Now that Wallstreet's Biggest Corrupt Losers are changing the rules of the game in an attempt to unfuck their pompous asses, unprecedented alliances from every demographic have formed to side with us Little Guys. Retail Traders from nations around the globe are taking up arms in this fight, politicians with extremely different ideologies are agreeing for the first time on our position, and the already majorly fucked assholes of the slimiest wallstreet dirtbags have been marked with a target so large you could accidentally hit it from the Andromeda Galaxy. As we march into battle each day, take heed that this is no longer about tendies. This is the beginning of our long overdue fight to destroy the inequality of the class system that has oppressed us our entire lives. THE FUTURE OF LIFE AS WE KNOW IT IS IN OUR DIAMOND HANDS! WE WILL HOLD LIKE THE LIVES OF EVERY AUTIST IN THE GENERATIONS TO COME DEPEND ON IT! We cannot let ourselves be seduced by greed, the "elite" have only maintained their power by corrupting any who oppose them with bribes. They have manufactured their power by taking advantage of us for centuries and tricking us into believing that their tendies are desirable. Their money and power only has value in their world, and we have finally built a rocket ship with the power to take us to a world we create for ourselves. It's time to change the course of history, and create a mankind that is truely free and equal as our most revered intended.
Oh dear god, dude folded...
What BS
Market Open Friday $NOK $GME $AMC $BB
Robinhood is no longer allowing instant deposits to be used to purchase cryptocurrency
The consecuences of what happened yesterday with GME
So yesterday was a bizarre show perpetrated by brokers and hedge funds with the permission of regulators. There must be consecuences for this. A list of ideas for you to consider (I am not US citizen but I am a GME investor):  1. Robinhood: stop using the App, move to another broker that didn't ban stock trading. If they have no users they cannot IPO. This is how they lose money. 2. Stop using Google products: I don't live in the US so I can not confirm this one but I saw yesterday that Google deleted Robinhood reviews. Google is part of the cancel culture (I don't know if Apple did the same). Stop using Android and they will lose like half of their revenue. This is how they lose money. 3. Stop putting money in index funds and start activist investing: BlackRock, Vanguard and the rest of the guys support these hedge funds. Stop paying them comissions, start activist investing (some stocks like Chamath SPACs, etc). This is how they lose money. 4. Ask for Janet Yellen resignation and 800K USD donation: apparently she received 800K USD from Citadel. Oh and she is not ok with cryptocurrencies because some "bad actors" use them, but she is ok with receiving money from hedge funds that are suspect of fraud after what happened yesterday. Let's make her resign and donate her money. This is how politicians lose money. 5. Hold, don't sell: they want you to sell for peanuts so that they can get alive with this. DO NOT SELL. This is how short sellers lose money.  Please add any ideas you may consider.  Edit 1: BUY GME. HOLD. PROFIT.  ✊🏻  Edit 2: GME           Edit 3: for SEC minions reading this, not financial advice, do you DD, buy only if you like the stock
I spent way too much time on this for ya'll, too Valhalla brothers
Take care of the sub new wave :)
For as long as I can remember we’ve been Reddit’s meme. r/investing just laughs at us proudly showing the 5% a year gains they’ll be able to access from their retirement home. We even had poki come on as a mod for like half a day once. From the MU calls, the Microsoft 200 4/20, the Bear extinction of 2020, daddy Elon short shorts, and finally the GME Melvin Capital 2021 Thanos snap wipeout we’ve gained more and more helmet wearing geniuses. The sub has changed a lot and tbh I might not fully understand the new wave, but I’m not going to be a hater either. The goal is still the same. Make big money while you can still enjoy it. Continue posting your positions. Loss or Gain. Hopefully one day you’ll all be driving around daddy Elon’s Tesla with a smokin hot model who’s name you don’t even know. Positions or ban
Thanks for nothing...
Diamond Grip Gloves for you Autists!
A message for Wall Street at Friday's close.
Imagine many degenerates here earn 300k+ earnings by sinking hendge funds. Where do you spend that money?
First, let me state the obvious.  I'm really excited to see us destroy some of the scummiest hedge funds out there. I'm talking about the ones who short for the sake of shorting, and forbid us from earning our well deserved tendies.  That said, I do have questions regarding the potential of runaway inflation. If all of us somehow took GME, AMC etc to the moon and earned an instant 300k+, where would we spend that money?  Personally, I would pay off my 30k+ student loan, and buy a house...   But so would all of you retards (or so I assume).  So my next question: if all us retards begin to splurge our tendies on items like TV's, phones, food, cars etc... would we be transitioning the hyper-inflation from the stock market into the commercial markets?  And if so, what would the risks be for those who were not already invested? Will they suffer from runaway inflation?  Curious to know your thoughts.
Papa Elon has spoken
WE'RE DOING IT!!!
PLEASE Remember to donate some of the spoils of war to charities.
Hello fellow soldiers,  As important as making money is, we have to remind the assholes at Wall Street that we are not like them - we are not money hoarding shit-faced betamales. Let's spread the wealth and help charities out, which probably need it more than ever because of the pandemic.  Even just donating 10% of your money will make a huge difference. If you're unsure what you want to donate to, consider donating to something that you care about, or an autism charity (you know why).     Charity Navigator helps you find tons of charities that are highly rated (Use most of their money for their cause, etc). Note: DO NOT DONATE TO AUTISM SPEAKS. They have a long track record of disrespecting those with autism and are generally just a shitty company.  We have the power to do some real change. Let's do it.  Apart from that...    WE LIKE THE STOCK      IF HE'S STILL IN, I'M STILL IN      HOLD THE FUCKING LINE      DON'T SELL UNTIL YOU SEE THE SWEAT ON THEIR FOREHEAD      WE ARE THE TRUE ROBINHOOD      WE'RE GOING TO ALPHA CENTAURI BABY
READ THIS
# When do we sell? A quick guide for GME Army. (SECRET TO DIAMOND HAND    )  📷    Too  much disinformation about when to sell. I'm tired of seeing people  paper handing GME when it drops by 20%, or saying to sell Friday (BTW DO  NOT FUCKING SELL FRIDAY OR I WILL COME OVER THERE AND DO STUFF TO YOU!)  so here is the DEFINITIVE guide on how to play the ending.  First, we need to understand what is "Days to Cover" or "Short Ratio" .  Official definition:    Days  to cover, also called short ratio, measures the expected number of days  to close out a company's issued shares that have been shorted.   Days  to cover is calculated by taking the number of currently shorted shares  and dividing that amount by the average daily trading volume for the  company in question.   A high 'days to cover' ratio can often signal a potential short squeeze.  Dumbed down version:  \-  imagine you're Melvin Capital and you have 1 million dildos up your  ass. How long will it take to get all those dildos out of your ass? If  the volume of dildo removing is 1 per day, then it'll take 1 million  days to remove 1 million dildos up your ass. If it's 50,000 dildos a  day, then it's 20 days.  \- Same  thing with covering short positions. How long will it take Melvin  Capital and other shorters to cover their short positions? You take  alllll the shorted shares, divided by the average volume of share  movement per day, and you get something called "Days to Cover"  Now you know what day's to cover means, you can check many websites to see what is the days to cover for GME.  = 6 days    =   days    =   days  So  you can see, even if Melvin Capital wants to cover their shorts, it's  gonna take them DAYS, and right now it's gonna take them an entire  trading week to cover their position.  So what does that mean for us?  Well,  we're just waiting for the day when Melvin Capital starts covering  their position. When is that day? VERY FUCKING SOON. They're are  bleeding out of their ass with the insane interest rate they're paying  for their position, and a lot of puts are expiring on Friday, plus a lot  of ITM (in the money) calls expire Friday and can be exercised to get  shares.  Friday might be the day where Melvin Capital have no choice BUT to start covering.    Now,  IF this happens, then it's not gonna take Melvin Capital 1 hour to  cover all their shorts, but DAYS. Meaning if Melvin capital starts  covering FRIDAY, it will take them at LEAST 5 DAYS to fully cover, which  means ALL of next week, the price will keep increasing and increasing!  So realistically I'd say Weds or Thurs next week might be peak sell  time, IF the covering starts Friday. No need to panic sell. No need to  worry about a top that lasts for minutes. It will LAST FOR DAYS!!!!!    Now,  CNBC and all of the MM's and corrupt media will fool you into thinking  Melvin Capital has already covered their shorts or some other bullshit,  but don't believe it. It takes DAYS to do so!  The  only numbers you should be looking at is the short ratio. If it's  getting smaller, then the squeeze has begun. If it's still at fucking  138-140% like it is now, NOTHING EVEN HAPPENED YET.  We're  at fucking $250 after hours and the shorts still haven't begun to cover  yet! Imagine when they do? $1000 is actually a very low estimate, and  is no longer a meme number. If we all play it right and hold while  shorts cover, we can literally squeeze this to infinity as they try to  cover.  TL:DR = ACTUALLY FUCKING READ IT AND HOLD MOTHER FUCKERS HOOOOLLLDDDD. WE'RE ROBBING WALLSTREET TOGETHER!!!!!  Edit: Why trust me? Been a disciple of GME gang and   since near the beginning
Wake up people. There will not be a short squeeze. Why would they cover at such insane prices?
I am not a hedge fund shill or anything, but I already know the hive mind will downvote me to oblivion.   The reality is: GME will crash. Everyone knows this including Melvin. Melvin knows they can cover their short at a much lower price, why in the hell would they cover at $330 when the stock is worth $20 and will eventually go back to those levels?  He’s what the hive mind will say: “they have insane interest rates they have to pay on their short”. Those interest rates are nothing compared to how much it would cost to cover at $330 per share. MELVIN DOES NOT HAVE ENOUGH CASH TO COVER THEIR SHORT AT THESE LEVELS. They are going to wait for the price to drop since it’s almost guaranteed to do so. Please listen to reason. This is going to get ugly.  They will never cover at these levels as they cannot afford to do so. The stock must tank first before they even think of covering.
Options Risk?
Imma talk this out and need help understanding what is going on and how it might effect us. From what I understand, the clearing houses used to only require  a tiny percentage of the money used to purchase the stock as insurance while it is in the clearing process. They changed that so that now, for certain stocks, they require 100% of the CASH which they will hold for the two days it takes to clear. No margin buys allowed. IF this is true, then what happens to the ITM options people hold at close? Do they have to have 100% of available funds to purchase those shares in their account? If they can’t purchase the shares, does the option expire worthless because people were unable to exercise? An option is the right but not the obligation to purchase. That’s what it is. If all these options expire today, what happens? I’m trying to figure this out.
$GME DD - PT $550
For those doubtful of GME short squeeze: just know that no one is questioning the strategy (except CNBC and their friends)
So buy and hold. There is no mechanism in the stock market that allows shorters to get out without buying back ALL the shares that's currently floating on the market.  In fact, they're short on the shares they need to buy, because a good portion is held by institutions, ETF's, and Gamestop executives who will never sell all. And they're still short over 100%. Shareholders literally decide the price. They need to buy everything that's available to trade, no matter what.  Currently, they're propping themselves up by borrowing on 65% interest. 65% interest on borrowed money in the billions! They will fold eventually, most likely soon.  I admit that no one can see into the future, no one knows with 100% certainty how exactly things will go down, but that goes for all things in life. If you're still doubtful, even if you just put in $20 in fractional shares, you can likely sell it for any price you set it to when they cave and the squeeze inevitably happens.  EDIT: Answering some questions in the comments here. Hedge funds, brokerages, etc. are all lawfully required to own insurance, you will definitely get paid one way or another. It is against the law for brokerages to not pay out to you if you sell.
WE WILL WIN
Now up to a million of these could be bots who knows.  But here’s what we do know. Our numbers are growing. We have more troops in the heat of this war than we had when we started it. It only takes 3% to start a revolution but when they make a stand, it shows the other 97% that it costs nothing to be a patriot and join them.  Just remember what Goku taught us. Show mercy at the end. Let them choose whether or not to destroy themselves. Always give them the opportunity to admit defeat. That is how you stay in the light and not the dark path of destruction.
$BB Gang Hold Tight
Dear my fellow $BB autists,   I know $BB doesn’t look like much right now, but if you’ve been here for long enough, you know that $BB is on deck for a grand slam.   Wait out $GME autists to get their tendies first. They deserve the tendies as much as we do. Not being in the limelight has been really good so far for us, and we can shoot off once all the drama with $GME is over.   We’re sort of off the radar for now, and I know how many people want this stock to hit the moon. Just be patient! We’ll get our shot!     TLDR; Hold those $BB shares. We’re on deck for an explosion.
Please stop targeting and harassing people. I think it’s clear we are looking for a short squeeze but let’s leave it at that. Be better than the institutions and don’t stoop to their level
I’ve seen posts where people are saying to send fake applications for RH jobs. What are you trying to accomplish?   It’s the recruiters who have to go through those applications and schedule calls. This doesn’t affect the CEO or the company. The recruiters are people like you and me. They’re not billionaires.   I’ve seen posts where people are planning on sending hate mail to the hedge fund managers.   There’s a lot of BS being said. I’m sure it’s just a minority of people - inevitable when you get so many subscribers in such a little amount of time. But let’s band together to downvote stupid comments targeting people. Just buy stocks you like and move to other brokers. Don’t target people.
Move Your Stock ! Don't Stop Gamestop   - Official Music Video
TODAY IS NOT ENDGAME!!!
This steady ride we’ve been on today so far suggests they could very well be waiting for an hour or so before closing bell to start their short ladder attack. A good chunk of their put options of $115 expire today, and if they can tank the price share below that, it’ll be a MAJOR victory for them. The only way this will happen is if we sell our shares. They’re betting we will see this fabricated plummet and sell our shares, enabling them to buy them up and strengthen their dying breaths, giving them one more week to avoid the deathblow.  Time to show them that their GAME STOPS here. Hold strong all day!!!  This is not financial advice because I am a dummy. I just listen to my nephew, Patrick. He’s 5 years-old and only eats tendies.
We Cannot WIN Unless We HOLD!
My dearest retards, I have long followed this sub as a lurker, but never had anything to say worth making a post. This may not be post-worthy either, but I wanted to encourage everyone on this important day.  I don't have a lot of money, but I borrowed enough from my wife's boyfriend to buy 2 shares of GME this morning, and I don't care if it's all a loss. We CANNOT SELL!  I'm also not much at counting, but I can count high enough to recognize the shorts need shares - - they need the shares that WE ARE HOLDING!  The ONLY WAY TO WIN is to deprive the shorts of the shares they need, and we do that when we HOLD HOLD HOLD.  This is a moment of solidarity friends. Stay strong and keep those     icy.
The Revolution Will Not Be Televised
You will not be able to stay home, autist   You will not be able to plug in, turn on and cop out   You will not be able to lose yourself on skag   And skip out for tendies during commercials, because   The revolution will not be televised  The revolution will not be televised   The revolution will not be brought to you   By CNBC in four parts without commercial interruptions   The revolution will not show you pictures of WSB blowing a bugle   And leading a charge by Dave Portnoy, AOC, and Donald Trump Jr   To eat tendies confiscated from a broke hedge fund   The revolution will not be televised  The revolution will not be brought to you by the retards of Robinhood   And will not star Vladimir Tenev and Baiju Bhatt or Steve Cohen and Gabriel Plotkin   The revolution will not give GME sex appeal   The revolution will not get rid of the diamond hands   The revolution will not make you paperhand, because   The revolution will not be televised, autist  There will be no pictures of you and DeepFuckingValue   Making that ten bagger on GME   Or trying to push BB and AMC   CNBC will not be able report your massive gains   At 9:30 on report from corrupt billionaires   The revolution will not be televised  There will be no pictures of Citadel losing billions on the instant replay   There will be no pictures of Citadel losing billions on the instant replay   There will be no pictures of hedge fund managers   Being run out of Wall Street with 90% losses   There will be no slow motion or still lifes of brokers   Jumping through windows in a red, black, and green suits   That they has been saving for just the proper occasion  "Melvin Capital", "Citadel", and "Shitron Research"   Will no longer be so damn relevant   And autists will not care what the gay bears have to say   On "Reasons GME will fail" livestreams   Because autists will be in the street looking for a brighter day   The revolution will not be televised  There will be no highlights on the eleven o'clock news   And no pictures of salty billionaires   And Steve Cohen blowing his nose   The theme song will not be written by the billionaires or the hedge funds   Nor sung by media or the brokerages   The revolution will not be televised  The revolution will not be right back   After a message about a fundamentals   Regulations, or volatility   You will not have to worry about the money in your bank account   The hedge funds on Wall Street, or the autists on WSB   The revolution will not go better with autism   The revolution will put WallStreetBets in the driver's seat  The revolution will not be televised   Will not be televised   Will not be televised   Will not be televised   The revolution will be no re-run, autists   The revolution will be live
RH DEACTIVATING ACCOUNTS
ROCKET IS ON LAUNCHPAD.
ATTENTION TRADERS: Make Sure To Remove Your Sell Limit Orders If You Want GME To Moon     The Price Is Going Down Since People Have Their Shares Selling When They Hit Their Sell Limit. Keep Those  🤲
Deepfuckingvalue Drove the GameStop Reddit Mania. He Talked to the Journal.
Bitch   are far too busy watching gain porn to be harassing your blown a$$!
While the bump in WSB members is nice.....
This sub has changed drastically in the past few days. This isn’t penny stocks. This isn’t preschool where you get to ask why and how.  Don’t clog the sub with dumb shit. We can all find our own news. WSB is not here to teach you about the market. If you’re new to trading, shut up and watch, follow members making big moves blindly and  focus on becoming more retarded each day. Don’t ask stupid questions. It pollutes the feed.  Lurk and nothing more until you lose $25k and don’t bitch about it.    POSITIONS OR BAN  .
AMC and GME still have room to grow!!! The shorts haven’t closed a fraction of their positions. They think they can outlast us.
ATTENTION TRADERS
THIS IS IMPORTANT SO LISTEN THE FUCK UP!! MANY OF THESE TRADING PLATFORMS DONT ALLOW FOR INSTANT TRANSFERS. WHAT DOES THAT MEAN? THAT MEANS IF I AM NEW OR WANT TO BUY SOME STOCK AND DONT HAVE ENOUGH MONEY, YOU HAVE TO WAIT UNTIL THEY PULL THE CASH FROM YOUR BANK ACCOUNT AND TRANSFER IT INTO YOUR TRADING ACCOUNT. THIS TAKES 1-3 BUSINESS DAYS, SOMETIMES LONGER FOR NEW TRADERS. THERE ARE LITERALLY HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE WAITING FOR MONEY TO GET PUT INTO THEIR RESPECTIVE APPS!!!! THIS WILL ABSOLUTELY SKYROCKET NEXT WEEK. JUST FUCKIN HOLDDDD!!!! 🌕🌕🌕🌕     $AMC $GME $NOK $BB
WSB song of the week
Alexa, play that one song by u/deepfuckingvalue
If you had one shot  Or one opportunity  To seize everything you ever wanted  In one moment  Would you capture it  Or just let it slip  His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy  There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti  He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready  To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgettin'  What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud  He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out He's chokin', how, everybody's jokin' now  The clocks run out, times up, over, blaow  Snap back to reality, ope there goes gravity  Ope, there goes Reddit, he choked He's so mad, but he won't give up that easy?  No He won't have it, he knows his whole back's to these ropes  It don't matter, he's dope, he knows that, but he's broke  He's so stagnant, he knows, when he goes back to this mobile home, that's when it's  Back to the lab again, yo, this whole rhapsody  Better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him  You better lose yourself in the music, the moment  You own it, you better never let it go  You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow  This opportunity comes once in a lifetime  His soul's escaping, through this hole that is gaping  This world is mine for the taking Make me king, as we move toward a New World Order  A normal life is borin', but super stardom's close to post mortem  It only grows harder, only grows hotter He blows, it's all over, these hoes is all on him  Coast to coast shows, he's known as the Globetrotter Lonely roads,  God only knows, he's grown farther from home, he's no father  He goes home and barely knows his own daughter  But hold your nose 'cause here goes the cold water  These hoes don't want him no mo', he's cold product  They moved on to the next schmo who flows, he nose dove and sold nada  So the soap opera is told and unfolds, I suppose it's old partna,  but the beat goes on Da-da-dum, da-dum, da-da  You better lose yourself in the music, the moment  You own it, you better never let it go  You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow  This opportunity comes once in a lifetime  No more games, I'ma change what you call rage  Tear this motherfuckin' roof off like two dogs caged  I was playin' in the beginnin', the mood all changed  I been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage  But I kept rhymin' and stepped right in the next cypher  Best believe somebody's payin' the Pied Piper  All the pain inside  by the  Fact that I can't get by with my nine to  Five and I can't provide the right type of  Life for my family 'cause man, these goddamn food s  don't buy diapers  And its no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer  This is my life and these times are so hard  And it's getting even harder tryna feed and water my seed, plus  Teeter totter, caught up between bein' a father and a prima donna  Baby mama drama, screamin' on her, too much  For me to wanna stay in one spot, another day of monotony's  Gotten me to the point, I'm like a snail  I've got To formulate a plot or end up in jail or shot  Success is my only motherfuckin' option, failure's not  Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got to go,  I cannot grow old in Salem's Lot  So here I go, is my shot  Feet, fail me not, this may be the only opportunity that I got  You better lose yourself in the music, the moment  You own it, you better never let it go  You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow  This opportunity comes once in a lifetime  \-   tl;dr You can do anything you set your mind to; this is not investment advice
Amarin Corporation About To Shift From Loss To Profit
With the business potentially at an important milestone, we thought we'd take a closer look at Amarin Corporation ($AMRN) future prospects. Amarin Corporation plc, a pharmaceutical company, develops and commercializes therapeutics for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases in the United States. The US$  market-cap company’s loss lessened since it announced a US$23m loss in the full financial year, compared to the latest trailing-twelve-month loss of US$16m, as it approaches breakeven. Many investors are wondering about the rate at which Amarin will turn a profit, with the big question being “when will the company breakeven?” Below we will provide a high-level summary of the industry analysts’ expectations for the company.  According to the 11 industry analysts covering Amarin, the consensus is that breakeven is near. They anticipate the company to incur a final loss in 2020, before generating positive profits of US$11m in 2021. Therefore, the company is expected to breakeven roughly a year from now or less! At what rate will the company have to grow in order to realise the consensus estimates forecasting breakeven in under 12 months? Using a line of best fit, we calculated an average annual growth rate of 61%, which is rather optimistic! If this rate turns out to be too aggressive, the company may become profitable much later than analysts predict.  Given this is a high-level overview, we won’t go into details of Amarin's upcoming projects, but, keep in mind that typically biotechs, depending on the stage of product development, have irregular periods of cash flow. So, a high growth rate is not out of the ordinary, particularly when a company is in a period of investment.  Before we wrap up, there’s one aspect worth mentioning. The company has managed its capital prudently, with debt making up   of equity. This means that it has predominantly funded its operations from equity capital, and its low debt obligation reduces the risk around investing in the loss-making company.
The fuck does this mean? #DeleteRobinhood
THE SQUEEZE HAS NOT BEEN SQUOZE. THE SHORTS ARE TRYING TO MANIPULATE THE MARKET AND THEY’RE FAILING
IMPORTANT!!! READ!! MORE TO COME!!!
THIS IS IMPORTANT SO LISTEN THE FUCK UP!!  MANY OF THESE TRADING PLATFORMS DONT ALLOW FOR INSANT TRANSFERS. WHAT DOES THAT MEAN? THAT MEANS IF I AM NEW OR WANT TO BUY SOME STOCK AND DONT HAVE ENOUGH MONEY, YOU HAVE TO WAIT UNTILL THEY PULL THE CASH FROM YOUR BANK ACCOUNT AND TRANSFER IT INTO YOUR TRADING ACCOUNT. THIS TAKES 1-3 BUSINESS DAYS, SOMETIMES LONGER FOR NEW TRADERS. THERE ARE LITERALLY HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE WAITING FOR MONEY TO GET PUT INTO THEIR RESPECTIVE APPS!!!! THIS WILL ABSOLUTELY SKYROCKET NEXT WEEK. JUST FUCKIN HOLDDDD!!!!  🌕🌕🌕🌕     $AMC $GME $NOK $BB     EDIT  SOME PEOPLE ARE SAYING "IT ONLY TOOK 3 HOURS" or "IT ONLY TOOK ME 5" or "CHOOSE ANOTHER BROKER"  HERE, I MAY BE AUTISTIC, AND I MAY BE A LITTLE GAY, BUT I AM NOT STUPID! I KNOW THIS! NOT EVERYONE HAS THE SAME ~~CIRCUMCISIONS~~ CIRCUMSTANCES!   FOR CANADIANS LIKE MYSELF, I USE  WEALTHSIMPLE. IT TAKES 3-5 BUSINESS DAYS. WEALTHSIMPLE IN SEPT 2020 HAD APPROXIMATELY 175K USERS. THAT USER COUNT HAS PROBABLY DOUBLED SINCE THEN. TODAY IS ALSO PAYDAY AND A LOT OF PEOPLE WILL BE AT WORK (9-5) AND CANT TRANSFER MONEY IN UNTILL AFTER WORK WHEN MARKETS ARE   HOWEVER WILL BE READY FOR NEXT WEEK. JUST HOLD!!!!!!!!!
To DFV, I say: Huzzah
I just read an interview with DFV. I won't link it or his username since I'm sure he's caught in a whirlwind right now, but the thing that struck me most is how "normal" and classy the guy seemed. He literally just likes stocks (an an occasional beer apparently) and wanted to share his thinking with some wackadoos on the internetz.  Not sure what happens from here, but I hope we all follow this example of sheer, understated class. I tip my hat, and a malted beverage, to the man, the myth, the legend.
THEY STEPPED ON THEIR OWN D CKS. KEEP KICKING THEM WHERE IT HURTS.
WTF is this shit???
The first domino falls. Clarity money(under goldman sachs) closing shop
This Subreddit Changed
Firstly I want to say, GME TO THE MOON  . Now that that’s out of the way, hear me out.   I hate what has happened to this sub. Everybody is suddenly really clever, with all your charts and serious DD. What happened to the DD’s where a fucking CHICKEN decides your next big yolo.   We used to tell the mods to ban people for saying clever things like “Look at the volume”. We also used to make stupid bets like eating literal shit if a certain stock hit a certain price.  This place also used to feel like a  get-away  place from all the stupid stuff going around the world. It was like a private place to be. This place was disconnected from reality. Now, this subreddit has a massive media coverage and everybody in reddit now knows about us. It took this subreddit 9 years to reach 1 Million people, and only 2 weeks to get 5 million more.  I hope when all this Gamestop shenanigans end, this sub goes back to normal, like the old days.   TL;DR: This place turned from a casino to an investment firm.
$GME and $AMC - REMOVE stop losses to prevent manipulation to activate them and REMOVE your SELL LIMIT orders or raised them GME to $1000 and AMC to $300. Contracts will expire worthless today and Wall Street also has to cover and buy
Remove your stop losses because yesterday with Wall Street manipulation they were able to trigger retail to sell automatically. Also we are expected to         once their contracts expire today and have to cover.💵💵💵💵💵  WALL STREET will probably try to manipulate again to TRY AND TRIGGER STOP LOSSES before their contracts expire so HOLD THE LINE AND REMAIN STRONG! We shall see the 🌕 soon   IVE BEEN GETTING REQUEST FROM PPL TO EDIT THE SELL PRICE FOR GME.  THEYRE ASKING TO SET LIMIT ORDER TO $10,000 for GME!!!!!!!!❗️❗️❗️❗️❗️❗️
Oh GME... Get in this bed!
GOT THEM BY THE BALLS
Buy and Hold GME!!!!
Right now it’s a day when options are expiring and many of them are ITM. Market makers will try to move the stock up and down to suit their ability to execute contracts ITM and move as many options as possible OTM as different strike prices are executed. If we all continue to buy if possible, and simply hold, we will see the effects of every option contract expiring in the money this week, which in turn will trigger the purchase of over 1 million shares. This is how we cash in on the Friday expiring options to push the price even higher.  Then, YOU STILL DON’T SELL!! As the price continues to climb higher, shorts feel more and more pressure and we can only hope they cave more quickly.  Put as much pressure on the shorts as possible! BUY BUY BUY AND HOLD HOLD HOLD!!!!  I am not a financial advisor. Just someone with a phone that makes stocks go brrr.
InteractiveBrokes just as evil as Robinhood
Currently an europoor trading from Europe. Interactivebrokers has sidelined me like they sidelined the rest of us. Have a NOK call expirying today and i cant even roll it, which is basically selling a position and buying it again at a later expiration date... i would even make a small profit from this roll and now i am unable to do so. Any of you got any information whether we have a chance of this trading ban being lifted today or should i just close the postition. Also can i even exercise this option? So confusing times
STOP posting redditor's pictures!
MOD's please don't take this down.   To all the new members:  WSB is all about shit talking, gain/loss porn, DD, memes and market news. The best part of reddit is, I don't know who you are and you don't know who I am. It's anonymous SHITPOSTING and everything else this sub values.  Posting pictures will only get people harassed and bothered. So STOP and leave people alone. I don't want to know who you are and I don't care who you are. You're all retarded autists, and i love you.    Disclaimer: Buyer beware, this is not advice. Buy at your own risk, I like STONKS. i'm retarded. See you on Mars with PAPA Elon
WallStreetBets Redditors brilliantly demonstrate a way to demolish Wall Street fraudulent Ponzi scheme
Index fund only investor checking in - I never buy or sell individual securities, but today, I made an exception.
I am a 29-year-old boomer. I have a stable job and a solid investment strategy that involves budgeting, living frugally, and putting every cent that I have into Vanguard index funds for the sweet compounding interest over time. I messed around with stocks and options in my youth, but after losing a bunch of $, I swore that off for life.  That changed, today.  I have been watching this whole thing unfold from the sidelines. At first, I thought you all were just a bunch of money-hungry opportunists who would sell off as soon as GME hit $100.  But, you didn't sell.  Then the price rose to $300. I saw posts of people who made MILLIONS. Literal life-changing money. Yet, people did not sell.  I didn't quite understand at first, but after reading post after post about how hedge fund bankers ruined lives in 2008 and continue to ruin lives with blatant market manipulation behind closed doors, it's now extremely evident to me that the system is simply rigged against the common person.  I used to believe the narrative that anyone could make a killing in the stock market if they "just played the game right." Well, here you all are, playing the game right, buying stocks because you like them and think the value is higher than they   the ENTIRE SYSTEM is saying "Oh never mind, making money in stocks is not for you common peasants, we need to keep you poor and stupid."  I am simply astounded at the level of determination and diamond hands of this community. I don't know what this will do, or if anyone will see this, or what the real endgame here actually is, but all I know is that you all have these hedge fund billionaires scared SHITLESS for the first time in their lives. And, as someone who swore never to get involved in individual securities, I just bought GME. I won't ever sell this. When I am 75 and look at my portfolio, I want to see my GME position and be reminded of this moment. Whether it's $1 or $1000, I will not sell.  PSA: I am not doing this out of some scheme. I like the stock. I like GameStop. I have fond memories of waiting outside for hours to grab a copy of Halo 2 on release day. Plain and simple. :)     Edit: I meant Boomer as in my mentality.  I have a pair of grass cutting shoes, I go to bed at like 9, I glare at kids who walk on my lawn, and I like to see dividend distributions come in. You know, all that retarded boomer shit.    Edit 2:
A COMMENT ABOUT SELLING GME
Good morning everyone,    DISCLAIMER: I AM NOT A FINANCIAL ADVISOR. THIS IS NOT FINANCIAL ADVICE. I AM BUT A HUMBLE RETARD, WATCHING MY WIFE'S BOYFRIEND CRUST UP MY FAVORITE BLANKEY. ITS YOUR MONEY, DO WHAT YOU WANT WITH IT.  Alright. Listen here you retards. At some point for a short squeeze to work, you have to sell the stock. Before you trip over your wife's boyfriend's sex swing trying to jump all over me, read the rest of the damn post. You have to sell the stock AT A HIGH PRICE to make these bastards pay. We like the stock. We also like tendies. It might be a good idea to go ahead and put limit sell orders at whatever price YOU FEEL IS APPROPRIATE TENDIES FOR YOUR BASKET.  Give em hell out there boys.  Edit - YOU AREN'T READING THE POST YOU FUCKING RETARDS. I DIDN'T SAY SELL YOUR SHARES IMMEDIATELY LIKE A PAPER HANDED BITCH. Get your fucking  ️  ready and do whatever you retards want. Fuck Melvin, Fuck the market manipulation, and fuck the hedge funds.
Legality of posting hedge fund shorts??
Just double checking, while hedge funds don't post publicly their typical positions. Is it illegal to disseminate information given to you about their firms short positions that someone gave you if it wasnt from hacking? I know it would break the employees confidentiality agreement. But would I directly get into trouble(obviously not talking contempt of court when I tell them to fuck off vs rat a person out) say if I drop boxed citadel, elliot, sophos what's the jail time max?  This is a dream scenario or theoretical, obviously as a retail investor it would be impossible for me as a non suit to have friends in actual firms.  EDIT: I WOULD NOT POST ANYTHING ON WSB THAT IS ILLEGAL. ID DROP IT ON TWITTER. So chill on that part  EDIT#2 I've already made a decision on this so it is a bit baity. The only thing I'll say is since the lead up to 08 and the crash and the absolutely piss poor response by gov regulatory groups. I'm 140% against vulture funds, large suit funds who've basically ruined hurting businesses to a point where they can't crawl out of the negative and making billions off the backs of the non suits who get wiped out of jobs, a livelihood and instead get sucked into debt which is than 3rd partied to the very same groups at the top.   It's a repetitive cycle that needs to end. Let's get back to a truly free market system for all.   #burnitdown
This is for us!
This day is payback boys and girls. This is the day we make those fucking Wall Street suits bleed. They ruined lives then laughed about it after they took our money in 08. It’s fuckin payback time. I want my fuckin kids kids kids to read about this in their history books. This has never happened before and if those fuckin suits get their way it will never happen again. If it doesn’t happen again I want to hurt them as bad as possible today. Today we take back what was ours with interest.
MAKE THIS A REALITY! BUY BUY BUY
SLV Breakout (  Potential Gains  )
I know I know everyone wants to ride the GME, BB, AMC, and NOK rocketship (FYI, I'm riding NOK), though just wanted to bring up something on the radar.   If you guys notice, SLV (Sliver) has been hovering between $  and $  for the last 5 months. There's an ongoing short squeeze right now for the ripe that most people aren't noticing and taking advantage of.   As metals and commodities like GLD have been getting pushed down from their ATH for the few months, SLV is still one of the very few holding it's back.   (EDIT: Try buying at around 10-11am EST, you'll get a better price rather than first thing in the morning. Too much volume and cashing in-out so you'll end up buying for a premium)  This is not a financial advice, just a long time autist doing his part.  Let me know your thoughts!  Positions: SLV $40c 3/19, NOK $8c 3/19, and QS $100c 5/21 (QS on wholesale)
It’s not just about holding! This is a good stock! Maybe more should be bought!
$GME to the moon
CNBC, suit after suit talking about GME
I've had CNBC on this morning and they are completely obsessed with how they feel bad for everyone who is going to lose money. When you are at war with the 3rd Reich, are you worried with losing soldiers? Or that we will live under the tyranny of a system designed to favor the rich and powerful? Yes, people will lose money. But the point is to win the war by proving to congressmen that this has to change, and wall street should respect the retail investor. Together we stand.
PLEASE Remove your   limit sells. I know it's you retards. Don't get off the   right before it takes off.
NOK is at $5 a share
BUY NOW
TODAY IS OUR DAY WE NEED EVERYONE TO STEP UP.
The time has come we can no longer sit back and wait make you’re voices heard through AMC and GME. History is in you’re hands we either going to be fucked by Wall Street once again or finally stand up AND SAY FUCK WALL STREET it’s time for people to take what’s rightfully there’s. The day is still young don’t loose Faith when the day is over Wall Street will be in shambles. My friends hold you’re head high will win this war next destination Mars 👨‍  👨‍
My brothers, first timer, let's stand together    Just bought my first stocks ever, AMC and GME we hold together!
Bought in this morning $GME
Idgaf if my measly 2 shares make me any money, it’s out of principal I went for it. I will never sell.  Fuck the man, man. We deserve better. Be the change you wish to see in the world and get off the little guys back.
1 share of GME and 75 of AMC
To the moon boys, lets screw MM and company
Get in on AMC if able
Locked out in the UK, holding what I have, obviously.  This is not financial advice, I just LIKE THE STONK
SPENT ALL THE MONEY FROM MY SUMMER JOB ON AMC AND GMC
WE GOIN TO THE MOON BABY. REMEMBER, APES TOGETHER STRONG. HOLD THE LINE BOIS     Edit: am retarded. I bought GME. Don’t worry
Clinging to the outer fin of the booster, but I got on the rocket!
Got one share, two if it dips low enough.  But now I hold.
Happening in the UK too!
HARGREAVES LANDSDOWN!!! So annoying, i want me some GME$!!!!
Robbinhood showed a 165 opening
I was watching the opening this morning and the opening price dropped to 165 when I tried to buy 3 shares it said that I have to many already. I tried to screen shot the price but it was gone after it declined my purchase.
Who the fuck is buying BBW?!
I am! BBW is on fire this morning!
Pulled the trigger on SLV
All in on SLV fuck the rich, fuck JPM, fuck Cramer, eat the rich. When everyone’s done with GME and Citadel. Burn JPM. Kick them right in the dick.
In life money comes and goes
but this opportunity to HOLD will be once in a lifetime.                 i love the stock!  not advise
I JUST BOUGHT AMC
Am I official retard now?
New Buyer and Holder
Just bought 60 shares of AMC and 1 share GME for no other reason but FUCK WHAT HAPPENED YESTERDAY on RB! Im cool losing ALL OF IT       APE TOGETHER STRONG!    🐒 and yes im the loser monkey hitched on the back of the ape train.
What app can I buy AMC and GME with?
My friend is a paper handed pussy. How do I get him diamond hands?
He’s wanting to sell his 20 shares of $GME that he paid $75/ea for because the market isnt moving fast enough upward for him. I on the other hand have 75 shares at $95/ea and am   . He knows about this Reddit and understands the squeeze.  How can I save my paper handed pussy friend?
Thinking of a stock other than GME?
well ofc GME is our number one priority rn but just saying thay NOK is a great, cheaper invest atm. edit: yes amc
SOMEONE EXPLAIN WHY WLL AMC RISE AND WHETHER I SHOULD HOLD OR SELL NOW?
bought it at $16     UPDATE: AIGHT RETARDS, I AM HOLDING IT
I don't see GME, AMC, and SNDL at the moon yet. Buy more , hold fast, and makes this journey together. I just dumped more into all three. Let's do this!!!!
BUY BB! just because I had one of those ugly black berries back in the day with the pens in 2001 and it lasted me through out my deployments for 4 years!
I put all my savings into this stock. I hope it pays off!
Robinhood doesn’t allow fractional shares
I can’t afford a whole share of GME at this rate so I threw everything into Nok lfg
Popular, low-fee alternatives to Robin-Hood?
With millions of new members, perhaps some experts can point newbies like me in the right direction when it comes to good investing platforms, for serious stuff, or just to throw down a grand on GameStop for the fuck of it  Appreciations in advance :)
I refuse to give up!
If you are interested in these stocks GME AMC BB and NOK buy them and HOLD YOU HEROES!
KEEP BB ABOVE $15 TO FUCK WALL STREET     MAKE THEM PAY
BB TO THE MOON
TO THE PAPER HANDS WHO CAN'T HOLD THEIR WEIGHT IN AMC.
DAMN, SCARED ABOUT LOOSING A LIL MONEY YOU FUCKING BABY? IT'S CALLED THE STOCK MARKET NOT THE, WAAAA WAAAA I'M A BABY MARKET. WHEN WE STRAP A ROCKET TO A SHIP, WE PLAN ON SENDING IT TO THE MOON, NOT STRAIGHT INTO THE GROUND, YOU'RE EITHER WITH US, OR AGAINST US. WE ARE APART OF HISTORY, WE'RE SHAKING DOWN THESE RETARDS FOR EVERY LITTLE CENT THEY HAVE AND IF YOU GIVE IN NOW YOU'RE ONLY GIVING INTO THE BIG MAN. IT'S TIME FOR THE SMALLER GUYS LIKE US TO SHAKE THE TREEHOUSE THEY'VE BEEN SITTING IN WITH THE "NO SMALL GUYS ALLOWED" SIGN OUTSIDE IT, FUCK THAT SIGN. BUT THE POINT IS, WE ARE THE 99%, WE ARE THE REVOLUTION.
REMOVE STOP AND SELL LIMITS DO NOT SELL TODAY THE SHORTS DO NOT HAVE TO BE EXERCISED TODAY HOLD INTO NEXT WEEK
JUST A REMINDER: Shorts don't have an expiration date!                THERE IS MARKET MANIPULATION HAPPENING AGAIN JUST FUCKING BUY THEY ARE GIVING YOU A DISCOUNT      ANOTHER SHORT LADDER IS HAPPENING                Hedgefund whales are spreading disinfo saying Friday is make-or-break for $GME. Call options expiring ITM on Friday will drive the price up if levels are maintained, but  may not trigger the short squeeze .   It may be Friday, but it could be next week the we see the real squeeze.   #DON'T PANIC IF THE SQUEEZE DOESN'T HAPPEN FRIDAY.   It's not guaranteed to. The only thing that is  guaranteed  mathematically is that the shorts  will have to cover  at  some  point in the future. They are trying to get enough people hooked on the   false expectation   of Friday so that if/when it doesn't happen, enough will sell out of panic/despair.   DON'T BE THAT PERSON.     #WE LIKE THE STOCK   #KEEP HOLDING UNTIL THEY FEEL THE PAIN, WHETHER THAT'S FRIDAY OR NEXT WEEK   #5,000+  🏻  .　　　　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　   　 　　　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\ 　　　　　　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　 　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　　　　　　　 　 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ 　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　,　　   　   .　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　ﾟ　  　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　☀️　　.   ,　　　　　　　.　　　　　　    　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　  　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　    　      　　　　　        　　　   　　　　　　　　　　. 　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　   　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　    ✦ 　   　　　,　　　　　　　　　　　      　　　　 　　,　　　 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　 　　 　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　           　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　˚　　　 　   　　　　,　　　　　　　　　　　       　    　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　  　　    　　　　　 　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\  　　   　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　　　　         　        　　　　 　　 　　　　　　　 　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　    　　. 　 　　　　　.　　　　   　　　　　   　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　   　   ˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　ﾟ　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　 　 🌎 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ,　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\  .　　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　   　 　　　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\ 　　　　　　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.  credit to u/OurLordOfWar
I’m late. Is it still a good idea to invest in GameStop?
YOU CAN NOW BUY ON ROBINHOOD!!!!
I was just able to buy AMC and NAKD
Okay im a dummy. I know main focus is GME and I'm strong on that, i ain't selling. This question is regarding AMC
How likely is it to dip down again after   and till when are we holding? What's the end goal?
Gentle reminder of reality for new investors
I don't know if this tidbit of info will apply to you but to ppl who are buying GME at these high prices and who have never invested before... you should know that GME is inevitably going to be worth less than $100 again sometime in the near future. Nobody knows when though. But this is a pump and dump at its finest.  If you buy at $300 and it goes up to $500 will you sell and take $200 profit or will you hold thinking it will go to $1000? Will you sell at $1000? You must have an exit strategy.  What if it tanks back down to $10?  That's very likely.  Make sure that you do not invest your life savings into these YOLO plays.  Also people who are getting rich from owning options (not even owning shares exclusively) have 10,000% returns  At this point, the only way to have a 10,000% return on stock is if the price went to $30,000 per share... good luck with that!  TLDR be very careful and research before you throw everything you own into a meme stock     The fact that I'm being downvoted is evidence that this sub has become a pump and dump empire for ponzi scheme wallstreet hacks
That's what I call a coming out.
This has been a great bonding moment between my Dad and I 🤲🏽
My dad and I are all in on this!   We are both holding and going no where!   GME TO THE MOON
DOUBLE DOWN AND HOLD THE LINE
Just double downed on my position, it is absolutely miniscule compared to you big bois but I'm trying to do my part, ride the dip   Position: $GME   shares @ 312 avg.
RHI - I have a good feeling about this one. What's everyone else thinking?
European traders using Trading 212
Just like Robinhood and other trading platforms, Trading212 restricted trading of GME and AMC where you can no longer open new positions and could only close or reduce current ones.  I’m going to repeat what many people already know and say that this is without a doubt MARKET MANIPULATION and there have to be consequences for Trading212 and other European trading platforms that restricted trades base off of no rules.  I wanted to let my fellow European (retard) investors know that just like the US has SEC we also have designated authorities we can complain and report to:  • Trading212 UK Ltd. is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority in the UK (Register Number 609146).     • Trading212 Ltd is regulated by the Financial Supervision Commission in Bulgaria (Register number RG-03-0237) which I assume covers the European investors.     I encourage all European investors to contribute to this.  If anyone feels that they know more about what can be done please give your opinion.  EDIT: The links.
If I were to invest on GameStop stock, could I lose more money than the total amount that I invested, or just the total amount that I invested?
Shifting crosshairs from GME to XRP. Let's make some more hedge fund dicks cry, and freak out the SEC.
I've already netted over $1,000 on this this morning. that being said-  Looking at the charts, this thing should have blasted off ages ago. The price just sits there after the sec gets their nose in on it ... trading volume has dropped as after those wealthy fund manager fucks short it like they did Gamestop and Blackberry...   Let's get this thing moving. Get another win, elitists can suck it.   The sec deserves this thumb in their eye, they literally brought this down. The tech utility of this means it should be at minimum 10$ by now. Has deals with over 200 plus banks.   Let's make some more hedge fund managers shit their pants.
Where can I get GME?
That's not RH
Why is my stock taking ages to process
My FOK got rejected as it was less than one stock so I full yolo and bought 1 GME and 5 AMC but they're stuck in pending am I missing something  Edit: It took ages but now I'm one of you astronauts wooooo rocket ships etc
3 shares of $GME and 100 of $AMC, I'm doing my best brothers!
NON GME related discussion! Does anyone in here like GSAT?
Ive been wanting to pull the trigger. I like it, just wondering what the communities opinion is
ROCKET MORTGAGE (rkt) to rocket up to the moon. Price target 160 and trading st 23. Short interest increasing higher for the last 6 months every week
Guys everyone is missing that $rkt      has 36% short interest and is a digital disruptor thats incredibly profitable.   1) they made   last QUARTER alone from 6B in revenue. Thats 65% margin!! 2) short interest is 36% and get this, they only went public 4 months ago and they are already buying back $1B stock. Where have you ever seen anyone that goes public do a buyback this big so soon?! 3) they have no credit risk, i sent email to investor relations and their balance sheet shows the loans they make but they said they sell 100% of them back, 98% to the government and 2% to third parties so there is no credit risk here. This is what the shorts are missing because they’re lazy 4) on the last earnings call the ceo said they will announce a huge new partnership when they announce their next quarter and they said today that will be on 2/25 5) valuation: guys they will make 8B in profits this year on 14B in revenue and their entire market cap is just 45B!! This means they are trading at   times their PROFIT! the typical stock has a PE of 20 so this could be 4x and that DOES NOT even include the short interest 6) rkt ceo was on cnbc today and said “we know our partnerships and our profitability and this is not a stock you want to be short” 7) so many ipos come out and rise 100% right away and then go much higher. Rkt is super profitable and they went public at   and at 23 theyre barely up and have beaten big on both their last quarters 8) link to interview this morning   skip to 3:50 secs
There’s more people selling than buying   people need to learn everytime you sell the stock will drop since it’s restricted, if you hold we will keep rising. I don’t understand why anyone would sell when we almost hit 400 again
🤖🤖🤖
Stop Doxxing.
Stop Fucking Doxxing.  Insane to see all these posts about DFV: where he lives, who he is, previous occupations.. Jesus FUCK. Talk about a DOXX. If you are making money or you have received advice from a youtuber, just shut up. No personal information, addresses, employment info.. or anything irrelevant to investing should be shared or distributed on this sub or others. Crazy ass people out there are going to go looking for him, I can almost guarantee it.   If you blast yourself, that's on you. If you share others information without their consent.. Rot in hell.
New here
Looking to get on board and help out.  Are we still buying and holding GME?  Or are we looking at a new one?
YOLO - Jumping onboard at $380 - Not selling
coming in to help from down Under - Australia
What happens when GME his 1000?
I think we should start talking about the collective action that we can take when GME hits 1000. If everyone plans to sell, then we're as bad as the fuckers we're trying to fuck over. GME will tank overnight and we'll mint a few new millionaires while the rest of the sub gets caught holding a bag of dog shit. Is there some collective action that we can take to help those with most need get out first? Maybe some will be greedy, but is there a way that we can coordinate our sells and holds so that those who were first in can be last out? We've proven that we can take money from those who need it least. Can we also prove that we can responsibly redistribute it to those who need it most, without cratering the stonk.  Really looking for thoughts here. I don't know if this is possible. I don't know how the markets could respond. I am not an economist or a financial advisor.  GME 1000 is coming and we need to be ready for it. DONT SELL UNLESS YOU NEED IT  Disclosure: I do not hold any shares in GME, but I am long AMC, because fuck em up on all fronts  EDIT: Seems like consensus here is GME 1Mil so ignore me maybe  EDIT 2: Whether it's 1K or 1M, the idea still stands  EDIT 3: I love you autists. Especially the downvoters telling me GME 10k. Fuck it, I'm in.
LISTEN UP!
Sell Limit or NO?     Edited to Add: WE'RE HOLDING. C'MON MAN Y'ALL KNOW THIS
Don’t forget to diversify! Cover all fronts! GME, AMC, BB, NOK!
LET’S TURN THE FUCKING TABLES BOYS!!!!!
just bought at 330 and holding dont bitch out guys
fuck wallstreet
Will the squeeze be today or next week?
I’m just wondering how we’ll know it’s time to sell. I’m actually hoping it’s not today because I’ve already made 3 sells this week and I only have 2,000 in my account so I can’t day trade. Thanks!  Edit: y’all think I have paper hands, I sold my NIO, Microsoft, and A free Robinhood stock to go all in on GME.
I like SNDL
Aaaand we have liftoff. Price Barrier of 27 has been breached ladies and gentlemen. Activate the afterburners. SLV to the moon.
What are some good UK/EU broker options now that FreeTrade and T212 have betrayed us
WHAT DO WE LIKE??? 🤲🏽
SAY IT WITH ME...
SNDL
So what about SNDL? Should we see a huge jump in this stock today? 75 cents right now, think it could get to $10?
Me with my 2k getting ready to buy the dip on GME
I'ts not much, but it's what I can afford
I invested $90 into D o g e yesterday and it skyrocketed and I sold when I got enough to pay for a single share of $GME. HOLD! We got this!
Title says it all
Where are my AMC folks
AMC will rebound when theaters are back open. Do not let them short AMC like they are trying to do with GameStop a business that will not be around in two years.
Robbing hood back at it again
This morning gme dropped to 193 for a solid 5 seconds. Without even thinking I went in and got another share on the robbinhood app. I have the confirmation message in my inbox and it says my order has been placed. However I placed this transaction 30 mins ago and still don’t have the share? The price did shoot back up to 300 right away is that why I don’t have it? They said if it doesn’t go through it will be cancelled by 4 pm est but I have the receipt and everything. Wtf is happening and where is my share???
KGKG penny cannabis stock
Our War - Hold it!
How do I make sure I dont have a sell limit set on GME on Robinhood?
Hi I'm dumb ape I buy stonk me want diamond hands   But for real how do I make sure I dont have some limit set so I get screwed?  Im new to this and literally just bought one full gme stonk the other day before the insanity happened.  Friend referred me to robinhood didnt realize it was going to be Sheriff of Nottingham in disguise.
Proof that the hedge funds didn't exit game stop during the closure yesterday and there are still hedge funds we are trying to squeeze?
Because if there is no short sell that we are counting anymore then I don't like the stock.....
Please help!!
Freetrade have just stopped allowing us to buy shares on any US Markets. Was going to buy into GME on the dip today and now can’t. What UK trading app’s are allowing GME buys?!?
GUESS WHAT IM DOING TODAY???
HOLDING 🤲🏽
PSA: If you're in the UK all stocks are tradeable on IG

Is amc the next gme??
I need to know if i should pull my money out of other places and put it into amc, what are your thoughts boys. Just tryna stick it to the rich fucks
BUY $AMC AND HOLD THE FUCKING LINE     DO YOUR PART - DONT LET THE DIP SCARE YOU
Free trade wtf????
Had a buy order qued for gme and amc before open now free-trade say there not letting anything from the is market be bought till the 1st???? Wtf!!!  Update: its not letting me cancel the order???? I'm new to this so might be missing something. It says it would put through my order at 3pm, then at 3pm said nah were not guna let you buy that but because its past the buying time you can't cancel your order. How tf is that legal
Verizon is a killer deal
If you're hedged with   limit here rest is   had verizon my whole life and they have never done me wrong except maybe didn't help me get rid of smart family at the Verizon store but always have service and they have always been great it's the only boring stock on my watch list thank me later!
Sell limit set at $15,000, fuck these guys GME
The dips are NATURAL. Just remember, you are given a gift of time travel to earlier this week.
what did you wish you could do at the start of the week??? Don't let this opportunity pass you buy......
POSITION OR BAN
What happened to this simple, yet unspoken, posting rule? The amount of posts on here discussing tickers with no DD or position has gone through the roof. How is anyone supposed to take these people seriously if we dont know that they have skin in the game?  I've been a lurker for a long time and normally come here for the memes, but these new posts pumping stocks with no positions is getting out of hand. If they were at least funny, i could give them a pass, but a ticker with   next to it is just lazy.   Shoutout to u/haupt91 who's alex jones meme from last year got me hooked on this sub.  Tl;dr POSITION OR BAN  10 NOK 1/21 22 10c
Trading 212 sold 1 of my shares at ~$540 without my say so..?
So I used the profit to buy 2 more shares when it was $\~280 just now HA
BUY THROUGH CHASE
EVERYONE LISTEN UP!!!!!!!! If you have a Chase savings/checkings account, you can easily sign up for a brokerage account and can start buying GME almost instantly. Just bought my first 4 this way just as the market opened. Hope this helps people as I know many places like Charles Schwab, Fidelity, etc. are being flooded rn. BUY AND HOLD
Trading app, takes a few minutes to register. Provided by Freedom Finance Europe. For all those who have problems with RH
SNDL Who's In?
I just put my kids college fund into $GME.
Put my kids college fund into $GME. I hope you guys send him to Harvard or MIT. If we are wrong then off to community College ha ha.  To the moon you crazy MFers
BUY SLV OR ANYTHING RELATED TO SILVER. It’s undervalued due to short manipulation. They can’t print more shares of silver to protect the shorts.
GME trading platform question -- AMC ?
With all the platform fuckery surrounding GME trading, I was able to pick up AMC easily on fidelity. is this the next to the moon target? Still kinda new here.
GME restrictions but not on GS2C GameStop EU
Don't forget guys, the EU GameStop stock is still available to purchase!!! It's been rising all day!
ELY is about to take off ! LOTS of DD’s in the past few days. earnings 2/8. Sell 1 day before earnings. IV extremely low.
AMC OR BB
GUYS WHATS THE MOVE
Hold above 300 let the gamma squeeze take it to 1000!
As the title suggests. People were fear mongering yesterday saying this may drop to 90. IT WON'T IF YOU HOLD. If we can keep the price above 300 all day the gamma squeeze before market close will be insane. Let's see Gamestop at 500 today. Hell let's see it to 1000 if possible. Good Luck to all.
🇺🇸 Make the Market Great Again! Build the Wall!! 🇺🇸
BUILD A LIMIT BUY WALL AT 300  I'm seeing a lot of talk about market orders.  DO NOT PLACE MARKET ORDERS!  All you do when you place a market order is reward    that are selling and funding their $  limit sells.  Instead, in why not build an epic fucking wall of limit orders @ 300. If everyone's dry powder is sitting on the line at $300, the biggest Hedge Fund short dildo in the world ain't going to do shit. All you autists will be buying it back to $300 in a heartbeat.    If you really want to buy, make it $301.      If you just want to be the last hope of holding the line, make it $299.    If the price soars, it just gives all the hedgies another chance to re-up their shorts. It's far better to park the price above $300 and watch them bleed out on their billions of dollars in interest payments.  We don't need to be firing off our own  's right now. Sit your ass down in this goat path, draw a line in the sand, and let them come and take our shares from us.  They'll power the      later.
YOLO on Silver. Doing my part!
$GME TIME TO WASTE SHORT HANDS!
Let’s talk AMAZON Earnings
With covid and the holidays, we all know Amazon volume has gone up 10 fold. AMZN has become a boomer stock for the past couple of months consolidating at 3000-3300. It is absolutely due for a run up. I’m expecting 3500+.  Q2 2020 beat by 500%+ (covid)  Now with Q4 2020 coming out, we can expect a huge beat from covid + holiday sales + stimulus checks. Pre earnings run up will be happening on Monday and Tuesday.   The question is to buy now (theta 🤮) or wait till Monday hoping it doesn’t go up in premarket?  Jeff Pesos will turn into Daddy Besos once again      Pos: 2/5 3500c
WHO NEEDS EMERGENCY FUNDS BOYS? TO THE MOOOOOOON
Hey guys. I just dumped my savings into gamestop. 3 shares in! Fuck those men in black suits, 2021 is the year we TAKE SHIT BACK! 🤲
THE GLORIOUS GAMMA GUNK EXPLOSION IS CUMMING
REMEMBER, TODAY IS WHEN A BACKED UP DUMPSTER OF IN-THE-MONEY CALLS EXPIRE. THE JIZZENING IS HAPPENING DO NOT BLOW YOUR LOAD EARLY OR YOU WILL BE LICKING WALL STREETS BOOTS FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE.   HOLD. NOT FINANCIAL ADVICE.
This is the new occupy Wall Street and I’m here for it. I’ve been following WSB for quite a while even though most of the time I have no fucking clue what you guys are talking about. But you’re hilarious and I love what you’re doing. Its not much but I’m in for a $1000 on BB and
You Filthy Degenerates Give Me Faith in Humanity
Fam I just want to say how much it really moves me seeing what you tards want to do with your tendies. The media wants to act like we’re greedy hackers but all I see are people using this opportunity to pay off loans, buy houses, and afford medical treatment. All anyone here wants is the reasonable shit our parents had that we’ll never experience because of companies like Citadel ruining this country.  The people in this sub are the most selfless bunch of assholes out there and I seriously love you all. I’ll hold to zero just to keep your dreams alive.     🤚
BUY AND HOLD        AMC
"Get squozen a lot"
Im new and need a little help
Hi, im 16, tryna be rich , you know how it does. I need your help what should i invest in? I thought coming here to a bunch of legends would be the smartest play.
DEDICATE THIS THREAD TO SHOUTING OUT STOCKGUY AND SHOWING LOVE
This man did not waste a perfect opportunity and he needs another post just shouting him out for speaking for the retail trader in a perfect representation in front of AOC. It’s hard to not get overly passionate about matters as serious as this and avoid straying away from the topic at hand a little. This man not only spoke for a sub that is just growing at an alarming rate, but he kept our message intact for all newcomers and future autists to come! We gotta show this man some love because 10 years from now when future politicians are bringing the “everyday Joe Schmo” to speak on their social platform and call out the man! We’ll be smoking the fattest degenerate ass J with our seeds, in their eyes we’ll look like Elon on Joe Rogans podcast, and before taking the biggest hit they’ve ever seen we’ll utter the words “and that’s why... stocks only go tits up”   Thanks stockguy for keeping it about: more than just money      🍿         And if you sell after hearing how this man advocated for us, your wife will leave and not come back this time because it’s one thing to have balls and lose money. It’s another thing to have no balls and not make money         Edit1: I fucking got so passionate! I had the link copied and I STRAYED AWAY!   Here’s the link in case you missed,     Power to the players 😏
Because you told me
PLEASE HOLD ON GME
My Garmin knows how to get my heart rate up
I am poor as shit.
But convinced my mom toy 3 shares and ill pay her back.         Letsgo  Edit: pls for the love of god dont spend the money on awards. Never fo full retard. Spend it on the stooooock. It was very generous of you, but pls just buy theeeee freakin stoooock. This is of course no financial advice.
The Big Short 2: Electric Boogaloo
I always hated how the first movie ended. Let’s make the sequel better.
It’s already starting lolll
Remember! What would Saint Shkreli do today???
KEEP IT COMING BOYS, WE ARE READY FOR LAUNCH
AMC Tendie time
AMC TO THE MOON AMC TO THE MOON AMC TO THE MOON AMC TO THE MOON AMC TO THE MOON AMC TO THE MOON AMC TO THE MOON AMC TO THE MOON AMC TO THE MOON AMC TO THE MOON AMC TO THE MOON AMC TO THE MOON
AMC TO THE MOON    AMC TO THE MOON    AMC TO THE MOON    AMC TO THE MOON    AMC TO THE MOON    AMC TO THE MOON    AMC TO THE MOON    AMC TO THE MOON    AMC TO THE MOON    AMC TO THE MOON    AMC TO THE MOON    AMC TO THE MOON    AMC TO THE MOON    AMC TO THE MOON    AMC TO THE MOON    AMC TO THE MOON    AMC TO THE MOON    AMC TO THE MOON    AMC TO THE MOON    AMC TO THE MOON    AMC TO THE MOON    AMC TO THE MOON    AMC TO THE MOON    AMC TO THE MOON    AMC TO THE MOON    AMC TO THE MOON    AMC TO THE MOON
I bought 2 GME
I plan on holding so I spent what I could to try and help the good fight.   DIAMOND HANDS
JUST BOUGHT MORE BB
WE DON’T STOP UNTIL WE ARE DRINKING THE TEARS OF THE HEDGE FUND WHINERS BOYS BB TO THE MOON
Robinhood is limiting to 5 share buys DON'T SELL, REMEMBER to also set a $5000+ limit order
Holding SLDN CTRM and NOK
You guys ?
Is it me or are they throttling the market?
Was yesterday and today also to fuck 1/29 calls on NOK, BB, AMC? So many are going to be OTM.
Nakd to the
It’s cheappppppppppppppp. LFG
Still holding?!!
We still holding waiting for      I bought in last night at the dip
What's the move on things like AMC and NAKD?
Thanks for the advice. Bought 3 shares of both and a limit of GME at $300
Bought GME at 380. Going to HOLD
I like the stock! I think it’s a good investment. Check it out if you haven’t heard of it!
Will Zomedica ever get
Just wondering if Martha Stewart signing up with them for pet weed treats will actually be a reason to see this stock soar? Will this stock actually go to the     or am I just a dreamer??? Thanks autists for your insight.
IN GME @ 337 LETS GO MY FELLOW RETARDS
WHY ISNT GME GOING UP??! it’s been stuck at mid-low 300. i thought it would skyrocket this morning
Could GameStop consider doing a stock split if they decided to join our cause?
Would that even benefit or hurt us? Is GameStop legally forced to stay out of all of this?
i got marked as pattern day trader on RH does that mean i cant sell?
kinda worried now lol
BIG BRAIN IDEA
Why don’t we just make our own Robinhood make Elon sell tshirts or something there’s the funding  Then we got enough man power to develop the app and probably some lactose tolerant motherfu ker can figure out how stonks work
Headlines think we are a joke. THEY HAVE NO IDEA HOW HIGH WE CAN FLY
DO NOT SELL TODAY BUY AND HOLD TILL NEXT WEEK.
DO NOT SELL TODAY, BUY AND HOLD UNTIL NEXT WEEK!    1000 isn’t even the ballpark for what this will be worth. DO NOT SELL AT 1000! We can push it to 5 figures if we HOLD. They literally HAVE to buy the shares back at whatever price we determine JUST HOLD INTO NEXT WEEK!  Copy and paste. We need everyone to HOLD. If everyone holds we decide the price. Don’t pussy out when it hits 1000 HOLD HOLD HOLD.  GME TO THE FUCKING MOON
HOLY SHIT FreeTrade says "Market closed until February 1st"!! What is this?!
Is AMC the next thing, or should I invest into GME?
Hey guys, I’m just trying to join the cause but I’ve heard you’re gonna do to AMC the same you did for GME so which one should I invest in? Also, I’m a student so I can’t afford to invest a lot so is it still worth it? Thanks.
GIB STOCK
MONKE HAVE BANANA, MONKE GIB BANANA FOR GME  MONKE GO TO MOON!
What is a squeeze and what does it mean?
UK: FREETRADE HAS BEEN BLOCKED FROM THE US MARKET.
The games are beginning, they don’t want you winning.  EDIT: Absolutely not a financial expert in any kind of way, just a little space monkey hoping for take off.
AMC to the MOON! Not selling till at least $500! Buy and hold!
5000
bought and holding!
when do I get my tendies?
Citadel = Robinhood = Melvin.
Citadel handles execution of all options trades for Robinhood, Citadel used this knowledge to create a major hostile takeover situation for Melvin. They took advantage of this and infused cash into Melvin, then cut all of us off. They used our money to do this.   The system's rigged, boys.   So what're we doing next? ;)
JP Morgan put out a list of 45 stocks that are susceptible to “fragility events”. WSB ETF?!
AMC to the MOON
If you’ve got cash in your account, TD Ameritrade is allowing buys and there doesn’t appear to be a limit.
Just FYI
SORT BY RISING FOR A SOLID FEED
SEEING LOTS OF CRAZY SHIT SORTING BY NEW! SORT BY RISING FOR A QUALITY FEED   FUCK THESE     WE WILL BLEED THEM TO -99.99999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999%
NAKD
We still buying NAKD?
Wall Street Bets founder says the group has changed and the recent Reddit-fueled Wall Street chaos is like watching a train wreck
Morning selloffs are done, NOWS THE BEST TIME TO JUMP ON BOARD BEFORE LIFTOFF
Buy the dip and HOOOOOOLD!!  GME, BB, AMC, NOK
Bought during the sudden dip to 290...Robinhood has not fulfilled.
The GME Party
I am late to the party boys, bought I sold some stocks elsewhere, bought two GME shares and am holding. No matter what, this is the way.
Etoro buy orders for $GME not getting through
Servers may be overloaded but some can't buy on Etoro HOLD HOLD HOLD  Edit: Seems like everyones orders are taking 10+ mins before theyre placed. Shady backroom deal or too much traffic?
DO NOT SELL TODAY, BUY AND HOLD UNTIL NEXT WEEK!
1000 isn’t even the ballpark for what this will be worth. DO NOT SELL AT 1000! We can push it to 5 figures if we HOLD. They literally HAVE to buy the shares back at whatever price we determine JUST HOLD INTO NEXT WEEK!  Copy and paste. We need everyone to HOLD. If everyone holds we decide the price. Don’t pussy out when it hits 1000 HOLD HOLD HOLD.  GME TO THE FUCKING MOON
UK RETARDS I HAVE 4K TO PUT INTO GME RIGHT NOW. MY BROKER JUST BLOCKED US TRADES WHAT ARE MY OPTIONS?
FREETRADE in the UK just announced at market open that they are blocking US purchases. I need an alternative that I can set up and deposit immediately.   I already have shares in GME on Freetrade   edit: I deposited 4k this morning into freetrade ready for market open, they blocked us purchases the minute it opened. I just withdrew my 4k takes 3-5 days to reach your bank so I'm fucked. I have no options now to purchase.
How to prepare for when trading platforms inevitably try to screw us over?
I'm cautious that when this squeeze happens that many of these trading  platform will crash (either due to high trading activity or maybe even  simply illegal blocking of trades). How can I ensure I am not trapped in  this scenario? Can't let these bastards get away with this
I'm im!
Wasn't alot, and I got in a a relatively high price (for now at least) but I'm in!  To the moon good buddies!
Just bought at 400 only to see it go down to 320 minutes later
Oh well, ride or die.  GME
ZOM is on the rise. #ROBBINHOOD limiting trading for $SNDL
Send up ZOM.  Hedge funds are trying to short this stock.  ZOM have a great product called TRUFORMA.  Truforma will be marketed in the ending of March worldwide.  RESEARCH Zomedica and buy and stop the hedge funds from shorting this stock.  This is the link of them trying to short the stock.
Help needed: How to buy GME from Vietnam?
So guys, been following this GME topic from the start and really really want to join in with you guys. I’m currently in Vietnam. Anyone with experience that can show me how to join in Vietnam? Thanks a ton.
Just bought in on GME at 33000ft
I just bought GME with shitty airplane WiFi, I’m currently at 33000ft and stonks only go up from here. To the moon retards        $30000 EOD LETS FUCKING GO
If Hodor was able to hold that door, you need to be able to HOLD YOUR SHARES! HORES!
HOLD YOUR SHARES  HOLD YOU SHARES  HOLD YO SHARES  HOL YO SHARES  HOL Y SHARES  HOL Y HARES  HO Y ARES  HO ARES  HO RES  HORES
BOUGHT AMC NAKD and NOK   to the moon!!!!!
Etoro is the only broker I was able to buy in
Go go go
BLACKBERRY TO THE MOON COMRADES
HOLD THE LINE, BUY THE DIP
$GME $BB $AMC $NOK      🏻  SHITRON SAYS THEY ARE SORRY!? I say they’re cornered and they know there’s no stopping us now!!!! Whose with me?!  Not financial advice blah blah blah
New european guy here, who’s never invested, with a dilemma: is investing in Nokia a good idea?
First things first: I’ve seen what y’all have been doing, great job. Now, my intention was to invest a little bit in stocks to see if I could gain and give some (or, hell, even all) of the profit to charity, and I saw how criminally cheap NOK is currently, so I wouldn’t even lose that much.   I know you guys wanted to send a message to hedge funds and it’s completely understandable, but my sole purpose here is to simply help my people after they’ve had their lives AND livelihoods stolen by a bureaucratic, bloated government with the promise of protecting and helping them, which they really didn’t at all (I live in Italy, to be precise). THAT is the message I want to send.   So, to go back to the original question: is Nokia being targeted like GameStop did?  I apologize if I said a lot of BS but I’m clearly as far from being an expert as one can be.
FOMO
Are the Hedges trying to inflate other investments to creat FOMO in an attempt to get people to sell their short squeeze?  Ive noticed some hype growing in weird places.
HOLDING STEADY BOYSS THIS IS IT. KEEP IT. SAVE IT. HOLD THE LINE. ✨
UK Peeps - Freetrade just closed all US stock buying and selling options
What are other options?
DONT PANIC SELL BECAUSE OF START DIPS
DONT DO IT BRETHREN     THOSE FUCKS ARE TRYING TO TRICK PEOPLE INTO PANIC SELLING     FUCK THE SUITS             $BB $GME $AMC $NOK TO THE FUCKING NEXT GALAXYYYYYYYYy
BUY AND HOLD AMC
WE WILL WIN THIS WAR!!!
HOLD FOR TENDIES
=
Hold and don’t sell!! 12 minutes after MARKER OPEN THUS BITCH WILL HIT $700 BY MARKET FUCKING CLOSE!! GME & BB  🌖
NEVER SELL YOUR GME. ITS YOUR BABY. MAMA DIDNT RAISE NO BITCH.    ONLY. YOUR DEDICATION WILL TAKE US TO THE MOON.
Edit: STOP BUYING ME AWARDS. ONLY BUY GME.
I bought one share of GME this morning. Cause I love you all!
Never ridden the hype train before but dammit you guys are so awesome I just had to get on board. To the effing MOON!
We dropped to $120 yesterday on $GME, this dip is NOTHING, HOLD
Is everyone still rallying behind AMC
AMC stock sharing is open again on robinhood noticed it startes high and tanked quick.
Revolut declines GME purchase
Just to see what would happen I tried buying $100 and it was declined. BlackBerry went fine though.
Remember brothers, “what we do in life will echo in eternity”. Do NOT sell! GME
Don’t fall for the short ladder attack! GME
They did this exact move yesterday! Big funds Pump up stock in after hours to get everyone to buy in, then they down sell amongst each other to temporarily deflate the price & make a quick short gain.  DO NOT PANIC & DO NOT FALL FOR THIS TRICKERY!!!  WE’RE ALL HOLDING TOGETHER
🪐HOLD  ITS LOWERING DO NOT SELL AND BUY IF YOU CAN LUCKY BASTARDS
THIS IS NOT FINANCIAL ADVICE
Doing the tiny amount I can to help the cause
I'm late to the game, but y'all are nuts and I wanted to try to help. I dropped all my Moderna stock yesterday and this morning have invested it in GME and AMC. Keep it going, you crazy motherfuckers!
For those of us that missed out on GME. What’s the next one to jump on?
which brokers ALLOWED BUYING of gme stocks?
Which brokers did NOT stop buying of gamestop stocks?  Looking to get the fuck out of robinhood but whats the point if they're all in bed together
TD Ameritrade wont let me set a $2500 sell limit!!!
Is this normal?? Or some more manipulation tactics "Your limit is significantly higher than the last traded price. Confirm you are trading the correct security.
IF YOU PANIC SELL RIGHT NOW
I will drive to your house and beat your ass. HOLD.   Not financial advice.  Edit: these awards better be free. Any spare change that grammy gave you at Christmas should be in GME right now
FREETRADE! Can’t buy US stocks!
Late to the party and shares of $GME too high for me now. Nevertheless, I am cheering you on you mad lads!
Power to the people!
CNBC and Reuters doxx DFV.
Didn't want to link directly to the article because I think it's a little scummy even if it's public info, but  . Robinhood put this in their frontpage news card things.      The article's not that bad fact-wise besides putting his fucking name and basically address out there during probably the craziest storm of his life, but I don't like these fucking journos and I think this is probably the height of GME mania.      Anyways, random internet strangers got your back DFV. Hope you have a great fucking day.
(THÇB DA) Microvast adds investors tab to website and changes LinkedIn from private to public.
$SNDL
Let’s get rich together off this thing!
NOK NOK NOKIN ON HEAVENS DOOR
AND AMC’s DOOR AND GME’s DOOR  OPEN UP BITCHES
Our Anthem
Don't get it twisted   This market is mine, motherfucker   It's not a fucking game   Fuck what you heard   It's what you hearin' (it's what you hearin')   It's what you hearin' (listen)   It's what you hearin' (listen)   It's what you hearin' (listen)  X gon' give it to ya (what?)   Fuck waiting for you to get it on your own, X gon' deliver to ya (uh)   Knock knock, open up the door, it's real   With the GameStop, pop-pop of stainless steel   Go hard, getting busy wit it   But I got such a good heart   That I'll make the motherfucker wonder if he did it   Damn right, and I'll do it again (yeah)   'Cause I am right so I gots to win   Break bread with the enemy (what?)   But no matter how many cats I break bread with I'll break who you sendin' me (yeah)   You motherfuckers never wanted nothing (uh, what?)   But your life saved, bitch, and that's on a light day   I'm getting down, down like a Melvin said, "Freeze" (uh)   But won't be the one ending up on his knees   Bitch please, if the only thing you cats did (come on)   Was came out to play, stay out my way, motherfucker  First we gonna rock, then we gonna roll   Then we let it pop, go, let it go (what?)   X gon' give it to ya (uh), he gon' give it to ya   X gon' give it to ya, he gon' give it to ya  First we gonna rock, then we gonna roll   Then we let it pop, go, let it go   X gon' give it to ya (uh), he gon' give it to ya   X gon' give it to ya (uh), he gon' give it to ya  Ain't never gave nothing to me (yeah)   But every time I turn around   Cats got they hands out wanting something from me (uh-huh)   I ain't got it, so you can't get it (yeah)   Let's leave it at that 'cause I ain't with it (yeah)   Hit it with full strength (what?)   I'm a jail hommie, so I face the world like it's Earl in the bullpen   You're against me, me against you (uh-uh, uh-uh)   Whatever, whenever, Melvin, fuck you gon' do?   I'm a wolf in sheep's clothing (what?)   Only Melvin that you know who can chill   Come back and get the streets open   I've been doing this for nineteen years (what?)   Melvin wanna fight me? Fight these tears (what?)   I put in work, and it's all for the kids (uh)   But these cats done forgot what work is (uh-huh)   They don't know who we be   Looking, but they don't know who they see, Melvin  First we gonna rock, then we gonna roll   Then we let it pop, go, let it go   X gon' give it to ya (uh), he gon' give it to ya   X gon' give it to ya (uh), he gon' give it to ya (come on)  First we gonna rock, then we gonna roll   Then we let it pop, go, let it go (come on)   X gon' give it to ya (uh), he gon' give it to ya   X gon' give it to ya (uh), he gon' give it to ya  Ayy yo, where my retards at?   I know I got 'em down in the game, give 'em love and they give it back   Talk too much for too long (what?)   Don't give up, you're too strong (what?)   Love to the wild-wild honeys (yeah)   Shout out to retards that done it (come on)   And it ain't even about the dough   It's about getting down for what you stand for, yo, for real (uh-uh, uh-uh)  First we gonna rock, then we gonna roll   Then we let it pop, go, let it go (come on)   X gon' give it to ya (uh), he gon' give it to ya   X gon' give it to ya (uh), he gon' give it to ya (come on)  First we gonna rock, then we gonna roll   Then we let it pop, go, let it go (come on)   X gon' give it to ya (uh), he gon' give it to ya   X gon' give it to ya (uh), he gon' give it to ya (come on)  First we gonna rock, then we gonna roll   Then we let it pop, go, let it go (come on)   X gon' give it to ya (uh), he gon' give it to ya   X gon' give it to ya (uh), he gon' give it to ya (come on)
Let’s not become like these Miser’s on Wallstreet!
After the dust settles and we’re sitting on our massive piles of “tendies with cocaine dipping sauce” let’s try and do some good.   Let’s not just hoard the wealth and turn into the people we’re bringing down. I honestly think we can bring some really change to people all over the world.  Decide for yourself on size of donation, charity etc but let’s make an example so others may follow.   In the end you do you, just some food for thought.
DON'T GET FOOLED BY THESE BITCH ASS BOOMERS
Repost  Short-seller ladder attacks - PLEASE READ THIS - POSTING AGAIN FOR VISIBILITY  Yesterday the shorts planned an attack which saw the share price plummet. This was on paper only. in reality, there was no buying or selling of many shares, it was just smoke and mirrors.  It is just hedge funds selling non-existent shares to each other at lower and lower bid prices.  example: I have a Toyota to sell for $20,000. There are two guys that need to buy a car. They talk to each other in front of me and Person 1 says to Person 2, "I will sell you my Toyota for $10,000. His car is too expensive". This car does not exist. They make an agreement on a non-existent car in front of me. An hour later they come back and then Person 2 says that he will sell the Toyota back to person 1 for $5,000.  Now a non-existent Toyota appears to have changed hands between these two people and the market would think that from seeing this exchange that the car is only worth $5,000, rather than the $20,000 I want to sell it for.  Now I have two choices. I can fall for their trick and think to myself, "Hmm, maybe my car is not actually worth $20,000 and I should just sell it for $5,000, because that is what the market is saying it is worth".  OR, I can see through these fake tricks and see that in reality, these two idiots are trying to trick me into selling them something valuable for 1/4 the price.  Yesterday this is what happened on the share market, to GME shares, instead of the Toyota.  They want us to sell for very cheap because they manipulated the market to deceive us.  BUT WHAT THEY DO NOT KNOW IS THAT WE CAN SEE THROUGH THEIR LIES, WE KNOW THEIR GAME AND THEY NEED THESE SHARES MORE THAN A THIRSTY PERSON IN THE DESERT NEEDS WATER.  NOT SELLING.       TLDR : HOLD. HOLD. HOLD LIKE YOU WISH YOUR WIFE WOULD HOLD YOU.    GME TO THE MOOOOON  Repost  Edit :
WE WILL NOT VANISH WITHOUT A FIGHT
T-minus 1 hr until the gates open.
Give us eyes!
When am I not unsophisticated? When am I not the dummy?
I trade in Canada. To have access to margin, I needed to have several hundred thousand in my account, I had to prove my knowledge of the market and I had to sign waivers understanding the risks. Do I trade on margin? NO. I USE MY OWN MONEY.    I am so tired of the establishment calling us DUMB, UNSOPHISTICATED or COUCH TRADERS (okay I might be on my couch).    But when the fuck will they realize that we aren't a bunch of retarded children borrowing money for fake internet points???    EAT THE RICH   GME GME GME
The criminals and frauds halted all retail buying but not selling yesterday as an elaborate ploy in order to cover their shorts (NEW Ortex GME data - the 51 million short interest is now 39 million). There must be repentance for this - all of the hedge funds' positions must be blown up.
- Ortex Estimated   for GME after yesterday's fiasco is now   million which is down from 51 million the day before which means that 12 million shorts were covered during yesterday's buying halt. Retailers can still bust the remaining shorts but several crooks who conspired to shut down retail buying but not selling got away with closing their short positions yesterday. The big players illegally pulled they strings they could just so they could rip off the retail investor and that certainly involved collusion between hedge funds, market makers, clearing houses and brokers.   I'm not suggesting this is over, because retailers will win against the remaining shorts as retailers have infinitely more motive to do so after what we witnessed yesterday. Retailers will win and be successful in bankrupting the remaining players once this thing is sent over $1000, but there  must  be repercussions for the wide-scale fraud the big players committed. They have proven to be above the law, and in the case of that being true, we will personally uncover who did this and I advise retailers to play on the opposite side of every single one of their positions so they can have real, financial repercussions. If they can't be put behind bars, make sure they go broke so we can put them on the street.   There are a few more plays to go after these big hedge funds, institutions and even banks once retailers are successful with GME, however they must be mentioned only then as they are reading our posts and it isn't advisable to give them any time or warning to act.
randy holds the line
I know we're supposed to be posting about $GME right now. But Moderna do be looking like a snack.
DFV
RH is banking we don’t push it to $500
So they allow you to buy only 5 GME shares but 10 options contracts, you know why? They want that “free” OTM option premium as they (again) artificially cut off buying pressure and bank that the stock either goes down or moves nowhere.   You think If they were trying to protect investors, they might limit derivative trading > stock purchases, but we all know that’s not their goal here.  Blatant manipulation continues. They are doing everything they can to screw us.
RobinHood is limiting to 5 GME shares per account........
No bitch only you restricted trading . This is from the robinhood daily email.
We are entering the GME Endgame. The eyes of history are looking upon us this fateful day     (Full video + sound in comments)
GameStop fun turns serious for Reddit's WallStreetBets
GoPro earnings yolo - 75 contracts - GPRO - Part 2 & 3 -   BUY GME
I bought GPRO because it starts with the same letter as GME. I also have GME ITM calls.                    Positions:  GPRO 2/19 C $10 x 75 @    GPRO 2/26 C $11 x 75 @    GPRO 3/5 C $12 x 75 @       I also have GME 2/5 C $200 x 2 @   -   DONT FUCKING SELL
Message from a retarded mom
Hello boys and girls.  I'm a mom, not a big shot investor nor do I have huge money on the line with GME, but I wake up every day at 2am my time to check the premarket and hop on wsb. I'm busy at my job the whole trading day which suits me fine since I'm    like you all taught me.  Lately wsb is everywhere I look, on the radio and in the paper and in the news online. even folks at work are talking about this sub. To be honest I've gotten a little bit emotional because I feel like I'm a little bit a part of this huge thing.  Yesterday was a tough day but everyone held on. I'm proud of you retards from the bottom of my heart. I want everyone to remember that even though it stung? they only fight dirty, and all of you stuck to your guns: you held onto your shares, in a company you believe in, with management you believe in and a business model that's going to print over the long term once these big players drop their manipulative tactics.   they're making it about "fighting the hedge funds" because they can use this to frame you as the villains, and frame your motivations as political so you can be tarnished and discredited. I don't know anything about basketball, but you have to focus on the fundamentals, and I think that applies here. the angrier you get, the more likely like you're going to make emotional decisions - which are bad in the market on a good day.   Lots of love.    tldr: be smart, and remember why you're holding. don't get emotional.      positions: 35 shares at $
Lawmakers: make a legislation requiring brokers/clearing houses to pass "stress tests"
The only way to ensure that shit like this doesn't happen in the future.  Not only in terms of liquidity, but also in terms of server connectivity... Using ToS is unbearable these days. Cars are regulated... Brokers and their platforms should be regulated for "satefy" as well. We entrust our fortune to these 1990s softwares...     Also       Enforce by levying heavy fines when they fail to deliver full services and for any outage on any given hour/day.   Why does it still take 2 days to settle transactions? What year do we live in? Billions move each day on the stock market. The books should be updated instantaneously  Edit: see this comment thread     2-day delay is mind-boggling in today's fast-paced market.
GME Breakfast Club Megathread
Is anyone using Saxo? My friend got this notification today. How would you interpret this? Do you need the cash needed for execution in your account, otherwise they annul your contracts?
“Cost investors billions” listen mf by the end of this we costing them TRILLIONS
PSA: BEFORE YOU CALL MANIPULATION LISTEN TO THE EXPLAINS BY WEBULL CEO
Alright gotta clear up the echo chamber a bit. Stop and listen to this explanation before you raise your pitch fork and go border line conspiracy theories.     He explains that the clearing house changed the requirement for these stocks to 100% collateral because DTC (the clearing house) aren’t well capitalized. I am still pissed about Robinhood for being so unclear, but let’s not get out of hand here. Watch that shit and edumacate yourself then pick up the fork if you still mad.  That’s is all.  options and stocks in GME
GME Morning Rally Call Megathread
As I go to sleep now in Australia with my life savings dumped into GME I trust in you my American brothers to take us to the promised land.   My brethren my fellow autists, we stand before a new day where we challenge the system where we the people can also make tendies where we make history. On this day we fight back IN CLASS FUCKING WARFARE against the dirty rich (for now) scumbags who haven't played fair and will certainly pull more bs today.  SO WE MUST HOLD AND WE MUST BUY BECAUSE WE HAVE THE DIAMOND HAND        HERE RIGHT NOW AN OPPORTUNITY LIKE THIS ONLY HAPPENS ONCE. In 20 years' time when this is in your kid's textbooks, you can say I did this. GME TO THE FUCKING MOON!!!        As I start to reach adulthood i've begun to learn if you don't stand for anything you will fall for anything. God knows we've taken our blows in life now its time to fight back like fucking Rocky lets go hurt these wall st thugs  #     ###
How the #WORLDSTOCKEXCHANGE WILL SAVE THE WORLD.
IF all parties agree to list on the world stock exchange, we can tax transactions and pay each person on earth with it. Money then becomes a vote, a vote of trust in a business and the future of that business.   Think about it. Everyone gets a World Stock Exchange VISA. It loads up on the tax, and you may use that to reinvest forever. We ALL GO UP TOGETHER. NO MORE KINGS. 99%   We could tax the World Exchange for clean air, water, food, schools, realistically it's the only solution to all this nonsense. IF the people own the trade, not the nations, not the countries, the people. We can move forward together.  POWER TO THE PLAYER!   Edit I know you're all retarded but, think about it. Right now it's Government > Banks > Brokers > Exchanges > Businesses > Exchanges > Brokers, blah blah and they dump on retail. It could just be Citizen > Market. Direct listings on a world exchange, tax it, pay the people. This is the only feasible solution to this worlds problems.
Fuck this hoe. We ride at dawn fellas.
The retail investor has become Too Big to Fail
There are so many of us involved in this movement.  You can read countless stories on here about everyday people experiencing hardships due to the actions of the elite. You see the hope GME gives us all and the way it unites people of all political or international backgrounds.  This has become too big for the SEC or Wall St or any group to regulate.  This is what happens when people unite and exercise their freedoms to make individual choices as one cohesive group.  We are the ones too big to fail now.  To the moon fellow astronauts
Dear GameStop newcomer:    bad -   good
Please don't take any financial advice from me, but that's how I would talk to my friends if I had any.      "Dear   GameStop   newcomer,  I welcome you and offer a   piece of advice   that will help you navigate these upcoming hours.   You are about to be allowed to purchase up to 5 shares - your first - GME shares while we (holders) are all locked out from trading. That's probably illegal, but this is not the time to split hair.   Our acquired ability to resist an 🌪️  artificially induced shakedown   and 🔥   panic sell   is also locked out.   I believe 💰  they   want you to 📈   buy very high   and 📉   sell very low  . This is called      paper hands  . You don't want that.  They will make you believe you made a 🆘   mistake   and you will spiral into panic and anxiety and shame and regret as you see your portfolio suddenly   drop by 75  %.   You will be tempted to   immediately sell   to save the   remaining 25  %.    We all made that mistake at one point.   Wait and sell at ⁉️ 1000  %.    You need      diamond hands  .   More panic selling equals much more damage control for 💰  them  .   If you can’t stomach the ride, you should not purchase this ticket.  Please do not fuck it up for everyone!"
The Beauty of the GME and AMC Trade
The beauty of the GME and AMC trade is that the longer you hold the higher the price will go. So, the real question is, how much money do you want these hedge funds to pay for your shares. Name your price. If we hold until Tuesday GME could easily be $800+. If we hold until Wednesday GME could be $1200+. By Friday of next week we could see a $2000+ in GME. Same with AMC. Their short position isn't as insane as GME's, but a short squeeze can still easily inflate the price to $500. Honestly, I'm not selling until u/deepfuckingvalue sells.
BB - Price Target Raised to $22
Some of you joked about my animation of the GME meme rocket looking like a bowling alley animation, this meme/sequel is for you! TITLE: "Meanwhile at GME Alley..."             (Meme w/ sound in comments) (+ Explanation of why I was suspended for 2 days)
Wall St. Made my $BB ghost me yesterday.... unfortunately for them I'M NOT LEAVING   come back $BB! 👨‍
A Message from a fellow Squid
Please upvote, I want this to be read as I know I'm not alone, but I hope for all the squids and our fellow WSB's tards and autists that I'm significantly in the minority.   WSB changed our lives. My small business is on the verge of bankruptcy and you guys saved it when the government who shut us down and hasn't helped since April wouldn't.   But even though you all helped me, I didn't help you. I selfishly sold most throughout this week. I started Friday with next to nothing compared to many, but still more than most. I'm engaged to the most amazing woman in the world and we have our first child on the way, I used it as an excuse to forgive myself for profiting... I sold a significant portion again yesterday as well while it was tanking, I've taken profits everyday... I secured enough to get a down payment for a nice home where our future baby can have it's own room instead of sharing ours.... All that is great for us,,, but I hate myself. This isn't for sympathy, this is for all the fellow squids but moreso for anyone thinking of squiding.   We let down the others, a national movement because we are spineless cowards. Denying this fact will not change anything. We're the guys who take the last boat from women and children, we're the mayor in the walking dead. We're just as bad as our shitty drug addict parents who left us starving as helpless children for their own selfish interests, we're the disgusting hedge fund boomers who rigged this system... We've become everything we hate. All we can do is accept that we've grown into something gross, and do EVERYTHING we can to change it.  If you can afford to and still provide for your family, I highly recommend helping out today. When the inevitable   rigged Dip happens, BUY BACK IN if you can. Hold that mf'ing line you weak little Squid. If you haven't sold yet, dont! I can promise you, the feeling of letting down all your peers is not worth it. I can barely live with myself right now, but I'll do everything I can to make it right. I bought back in last night bc I couldn't bare the pain. I've got 50k in this now... I don't even care if it goes to fkn'g 0, losing it is better than this feeling, death is better than this feeling. I refuse to live my life as a POS little squid any longer. I love you all and GME TO THE MF'ING MOON!!!!!!    🌕     TLDR: To all of the Squids out there, I know how you're probably feeling this morning. If you feel like you let everyone down, you did. Don't do it, it's not worth it  Edit: thank you everyone for welcoming back this spineless squid and understanding my brief    You saved my business and provided for our family. I can promise I WILL NOT let you guys down!!    for lyfe!!! GME
The balance of power : retail vs hedge funds.
As we've seen yesterday, the financial system is slightly more complicated than it looks.  We buy a stock on our brokerage (webull, etrade, TDA, fidelity, charles...) and they process it for us with their clearing house and their exchange. Big boys like Fidelity do their clearing inhouse, while webull for example uses TDC. They put up the collateral for the risk and then it gets processed.   The shutdown yesterday was due to clearing houses raising the collateral requirements due to high volatility, which itself is a result of the low liquidity.   Now how does a hedge fund do it's clearing? They use something that is called a "prime brokerage". The process is the same, there are just different requirements, as it is usual in the big boys club.  So if we were to pick a random Hedge Fund, like let's say Melvin Capital, how do they do their clearing? Who is their prime brokerage?  It's the very same people that brought the 2008 financial crisis to your doorstep: Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan and Morgan Stanley.   Those are the companies that hold the risk if Melvin goes under, they are the one that would margin call Melvin, if they were to ever margin call them.   This is of course no financial advise, but if I was Goldman, I would   pick up the phone and start dialling   to margin call gabe.   because gme is going to the moon.  #Disclaimer, I'm actually on the spectrum, and have my entire knowledge from either youtube or wikipedia, I dont understand reality and you shouldn't follow anything anyone says, least of all the media.
When you're a GME multi-millionaire, you're going to want to commemorate your first million....
occurred when #GME reached the $ , $9000, or, you know, whatever the fuck threshold  we  determine it to be.  You might want a nice piece of paper hanging on the wall of your mansion, reminding you of that time you dunked on SAC/Citadel/Melvin on your way to a lifetime supply of extra-spicy tendies.  Request a paper stock certificate of ownership.  Call your broker.  A decent one - not that shithead Robinhood run by Gilfoyle Longhair - but someone a bit more reputable like Fidelity.    Ask for a stock certificate showing your ownership.  And then frame that motherfucker in gold.
You did it retards... You got on stephen Colbert
FYI: Robinhood will NOT let you buy GME
This has shown up in a few comments and posts but I want to call more attention so no one gets Melvin’d:  YOU CAN ONLY BUY 5 SHARES OF GME  That means: - if you have more than 5 shares you can’t buy GME - if you try to time a dip to sell and buy back up, you will only be able to buy up to 5 shares  The blatant omission of these small details is the most fucked thing I’ve seen since yesterday... they are literally preying on the misinformed (by not informing them).  Edit:     Edit 2:     This is not financial advice and I am not a financial advisor. I just really like
I'm the guy who lost 250k on Luckin Coffee last year and ended up on yahoo finance and marketwatch. I'm still here and more retarded than ever
Original Post    Different user as StopFapForever was not working IRL. Plus my flair now checks out.  Listen fuckin idiots. I've holded LKNCY since it went from 48 to 2 at - 97%.  I never fuckin sold and I'm still in balls deep. Luckly is back to 12-13 and slowly recovering.  If I holded all my net worth for so long, YOU CAN FUCKIN HOLD A - 40% FOR A DAY OR EVEN A WEEK.  Don't be pussy paper hand small dick. I'm again balls deep in BB since last monday (only 30k which is what I have). I'll never fuckin sell.  Today I've putted 5k on GME just cause I fuckin love you and I'm with you all along. Just for the cause. I prefer to lose 5k on GME than spending them in videogames or shit like that.  I'm in Europe and cant sleep and fuck my GF. Luckly her boyfriend is helping her out. I've been awake all night to check twitter, premarket, aoc steam on twitch.  I'm with you all the way long. Ride or die.  '' There will be a day when all of us will sell and make tendies into valhalla Elon Mars city. But NOT TODAY. Today we fuckin stand together and fight for whats right''  Fuck you Citron. Fuck you Melvin. Fuck you Etoro. Fuck you Hedge fund.  We are coming from all over the world to fuck you.  Keeo HOLD and GME BB TO THE FUCKIN GALAXY AND BEYOND
the 80s have a message...
SVC Yolo. So far, so good.
Lets find out who is with us or understands why this matters - BigC did it, now other ceos founders execs etc step up
So us common-folk retailers are fighting for something more important.  This is NOT a   is bc most of us came from 08 parents and we really fucking struggled.  This is not a rebellion its so we can pay down a bill or two, and for a name we have always liked.  BigC bought a position.... profits to charity.... big money folks buy a share or 10k   it for two weeks....proceeds to charity  so support for the offspring of a generation that got crushed
This is D-Day. My friends:
HODLERS, Retards, and traders of the WSB Expeditionary Force:  You are about to embark upon the Great Crusade, toward which we have striven these many months.  The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of hedgie-hating people everywhere march with you.  In company with our brave Allies and retards-in-arms on other sites you will bring about the destruction of the Wall Street war machine, the elimination of hedge fund tyranny over the oppressed peoples of the internet, and lambos for ourselves in a free world.  Your task will not be an easy one. Your enemy is well trained, well equipped, and battle-hardened. He will fight savagely.  But this is the year 2021. Much has happened since the hedge fund triumphs of the last decade. The United retards have inflicted upon the hedge funds great defeats, in open battle, trade-for-trade. Our offensive has seriously reduced their strength in the liquidity markets and their capacity to wage economic war on the trading floor. Our Home Fronts have given us an overwhelming superiority in stimulus checks and next months rent, and placed at our disposal great reserves of trained fighting autists. The tide has turned. The free men of the world are marching together to victory.  I have full confidence in your courage, devotion to duty, and skill in trading. We will accept nothing less than $   Good Luck! And let us all beseech the blessing of Almighty God upon this great and noble undertaking.
THE ULTIMATE TENIDES
Look everyone I realise the current climate, no one wants to see MC fucked and our sweet sweet tendies on our plate more than me.  Money is to be made here yes (this is not financial advice just my beliefs) but at the end of the day OUR HEALTH IS THE ULTIMATE TENDIES.  I realise many people are struggling with money, so am I, and this is perfect opportunity to stick it to the man but at the end of the day look after yourself.  PSA YOU CANT TAKE YOUR TENDIES WITH YOU WHEN YOU KICK THE BUCKET  So please remember that money isn’t everything, look after yourself, keep active, spend time doing what you enjoy and most importantly spend time with your loved ones, they are true tendies   TLDR Look after yourself, money isn’t everything, make sure your looking after yourself and the people that mean the most to you. BUT OF COURSE HOLD WITH THEM    because we’re ready to         Edit: spelling because a smooth brain
Attack on Hedge Fund
“Everyone getting their fair share is just a bullshit concept”. Says it all.... True colours of these guys & their mentality.
GME Autist Love Story.
DO YOUR DUTY HOLD THE LINE
I Like the stock GME and im not selling
They are going to open new short positions today and try to bring this thing down if they even have a hint of retail selling off. Because of that IM NOT SELLING. Currently (according to another post) SI is about 63% of the float. Could be fake news idk, but I LIKE THE STOCK SO IM NOT SELLING. It should be extremely interesting what happens when all these calls expire ITM. I think the short sellers only hope is for them to close it under 115. Good lucky today yall.  Edit: Position GME 35 shares at 237 and 2/05 570c x10
Why GME dipped yesterday and why Holding the line matters more than ever.
Hello dear autists (and some new joiners who are about to hop on the train),  This is an unprecedented moment in Financial history. The establishment is balls deep in each others' arses and we saw that in the Citadel-Robinhood-Point72-StevenCohen collusion yesterday.  For those who missed what happened: Robinhood and other brokerage platforms coordinated a short attack on the retail investor by blocking buy orders and allowing only sell orders. This resulted in a near evaporation of buying volume and panic selling from a lot of understandably concerned stock holders.  It can be construed that this was happening on the orders of the great Citadel, who may have profited off opening short positions at the top. This was seen and caught by multiple order flow traders who noticed block trades.    A short ladder   A short ladder was initiated. They closed the gates to retail and then block sold orders in the open market to drive down the prices. They did this between hedge funds A, B and C to maintain positions while profiting off their short positions (initiated at ATH). This can also be cross checked by looking at yesterday's volume, which was truly minimal. These HFs engineered the short ladder to use the low price to cover their short positions for cheap. Yet, the short interest dipped only marginally (from 140 percent to 120 percent)   The idea was to have retail offload as many shares as possible to increase float, which will make covering the short positions easy. So now we know that this is what they want. They want us to sell. And they will try a variety of tricks to make us sell. The short ladder was one of those.   So what can we do? And how will it matter?   We do the opposite of what they want us to. We don't sell. How will this help the short squeeze?   Not selling (and letting the buyers pile in) will add to the buying pressure. It will also reduce float.   So when the shorts do choose to cover, they will need to buy again, and again, and again to cover their entire position.  So hear me out here let's do some quick math. Short interest (no of shares shorted/ no of available in float) = 120 percent. There are more shares shorted than exist to be bought.   Investors like Burry and Cohen further reduce this float by piling in. In reality, the short is a good multiple of the float (this is my hunch). We have caught them by the balls and have a chance of changing the status quo.   All you have to do is Hold and not increase the share float. Shorting Gamestop is becoming more expensive by the minute. The shorters need to pay their brokers margin to borrow shares too. By reducing float, we can make these HFs bleed more.   By holding the line, we make HFs taste blood.   To Valhalla. Or the Moon.     I'm a retard on a break from my CFA studies. Not a financial advisor (yet) 😉
TD Ameritrade sell limits imposed for 29 Jan = Share price + $1,000
Revenge of the Autists: How r/wallstreetbets Will Change Finance Forever
RobinHood CEO when responding to Chris Cuomo on why he shut down trading of GME and AMC
Stock Picking Day
Data scraping this subreddit because apparently r/wsb makes the market now. Are they aware that some users have already made perfectly fine scrapers which are publicly available?
Did hedge funds cover any shorts yesterday ?
I barely do any DD because I’m stupid AF, but I  can’t shake the feeling that they used this moment as a ploy for some hedge funds to not only cover their short position as much as they could, but for them to also create a dip large enough for MM to jump in as well. Think about all the times Shitron did an idiotic report to produce a dip for them to jump in the rally/bull run. Then they use all these political tactics to sweep some shares/calls right in.... with half of us not being able to see options prices/blocks/ and movements since restrictions, they could’ve definitely made some ground back.. I honestly hope they didn’t, I want HF to learn from this and not fuck with their other 98% of the population since they can manipulate whatever they want. Fuck Melvin, Fuck Citron and fuck MMs that fight so hard for us not to get a piece of the pie. They’d rather die losing it all than them knowing college kids come up so much in a year than they have in 30 years.   TL:DR - I hope they didn’t cover shorts and use the dip to sneak in a position of their own.   GME to the Moon.
Updated ORTEX short interest information
Stock Market News for Today   GM / SQ / UBER   The Short Squeeze & other Stock Market News [01-29]
Stocks bounce back after Wednesday’s sell-off. GM, Square & Uber rise while the stock market is still focused on the big short squeeze. Let’s talk about this and other stock market news      \~Long Post\~    Hello everyone and Good Morning! So, let’s start with the recap of yesterday as we saw the stock market having a bounce back day after the Wednesday sell-off, with the   plunged almost 20%, but remains at very high levels above 30… so, really anything can still happen right now with such high volatility in the markets  We saw almost 60% of the companies advancing   mostly the flavor of the day, while small-caps lagged behind.  Here is the   from yesterday, where we can see a big wall of green with a few exception in the big names that reported earnings the night before, with Apple which reported all-time record revenues and crushed estimates, Facebook that also delivered a solid beat and announced future buybacks & Tesla which did miss on earnings but delivered another solid revenue growth for the quarter, losing more than   for the day, while Microsoft continued to march forward after a spectacular quarter alongside most of the other big companies.  We have seen a big shift in   performance after earnings results, with most companies overdelivering in EPS & revenues, but underperforming significantly afterwards, with the avg 1-day performance being almost a negative 2%, as we haven’t seen a negative 1-day performance since the end of the dot com bubble. I think the one big difference now is that most stocks have actually delivered great earnings and are profitable, but they are suffering from big run-ups from pre-earnings trading in a buy the news & sell the event set-up. So, I believe now is not the time to chase earnings reports, stay invested for the long-term and you will benefit from great companies.  In terms of economic data, we saw the 4th quarter   coming in at a 4% annualized growth, slightly lower than the   expected, as the economic recovery is still ongoing, but the rate of growth has significantly slowed down from the   we saw in the 3rd quarter.  We also saw jobless   inventories came in better than the previous month.  On the other hand, we saw the new home   came in-line with the expectations.    In some other stock market news, we saw   jumping more than 8% as Retail Investors turned to their Cash app to trade stocks that have been blocked by numerous trading platforms. I think Square has become a very good play on both the digital currencies & stock trading, though they still have a lot of work to do to grow into their valuation.  We also saw   jumping more than 7% after Morgan Stanley pitched the company based on better-than-expected EBITDA for 2021, future disclosures on Uber Eats and the company being a very good re-opening play as their customers seem to have a healthy balance sheet that will allow them to spend a lot of money once the world re-opens. I also like & own Uber as a good re-opening play, while Uber Eats also makes them a good stay-at-home stock, so a win-win.  Meanwhile,   has a lot of room to run up in the next years.  So, let’s hope for a good day in the markets as the US Futures are pointing to a red open with the Nasdaq futures down more than   and are set for the worst performance since late   planning to resume buying capacity on the stocks that have been the headlines of the year until now.     Thank you everyone for reading🙏 Hope you enjoyed the content! Be sure to leave a comment down below with your opinion on the stock market! Have a great day and see you next time❗
Buddy of mine who used to play for the other guys.
wE dON't oFfEr aNy AdViCe. I hope you T212 snakes get taken to court for market manipulation. Pathetic.
SHITRON throwing in the flag or scare tactics?
Still fucking holding. $GME, $BB,
If this is true, then it goes deeper than we thought.
You are witnessing Hedge Funds Panic! DON’T SELL
Look at the moves they are doing. Manipulating down the premarket pricing daily, trying to shut down the free markets so we can’t buy and only sell  This stock is holding up against Wall Street trying to make this thing crash. And guess what? All their tricks AREN’T working!  They know they are fucked. These are desperate moves done by people who know they are backed into a corner.   We have them right where we want them, let’s finish this thing! BUY more if you still have funds available, HOLD if you’re maxed out like me  - - - -  Update - If you have a limit place to sell, please update it to $1,500 or higher. Sell limits in the hundreds are no longer the price target. Continue to update these, and keep in mind THIS ISNT EVEN THE SHORT SQUEEZE YET
Robinhood raised $1 billion after halting GameStop purchases - CNN
Regardless of outcome, it was a pleasure serving next to you!
Comex Silver shorts exceed physical market by over 200 times. Massive fraud underlying the silver the market.
I CAME BACK FROM THE DEPTHS OF HELL WITH THESE
This is no longer about shorting a struggling company. It's not more about getting a quick buck from a short squeeze and it's only partly about sending a message. It's about something much more important.
Yesterday I thought about cashing out. In my GME YOLO post   I wrote  >But rest assured I've a safety net @  $; I'm selling 15 shares.  I've taken out the sell limit hours before market opening since I saw it was already taken off. When I wrote about the  $ safety net 5 days ago it was still a meme price. Some started to believing in it. But many wasn't sure about it. So many things happened and I didn't thought we would be here at this point of time so fast. When we talked about making history we didn't really understand what kind of waves it will creating. Bluntly market manipulation for everyone to see? NO I knew we will write history but we are at a point where history write about us. They will write about us like that's our fucking backstory and how we ended up at the top of different industries. When people ask about you and you start with "everything started when I joined a subreddit called wallstreetbets..." they will just nod or look at you with envy and astonishment.  I thought about selling 12 shares to cover my debts. Was it because I was greedy? Maybe? But the more shit MM did the more this turned from making a killing to sending a message. Then they fucking did it, market manipulation openly, blatantly and making it look like they wanted to protect us.  But fair enough they definitely protecting us. Protecting us from making millions or billions and than needed to pay for taxes. But... but... the hedge fonds uwu? We can't buy shares u\_u! We will lose money   That's the point fucking donkey. Maybe you shouldn't sell naked shorts you greedy fuck.  I could have sold my shares for 200 a share and would still getting a +375% return but this is not more about money and it's not entirely about sending a message. It's about a person. A person I care the most even though I make fun about him every day every hour. There are so many bad things about him. I constantly remind him about his life mistakes. Say what a fucking retard he is even though he got nice gains and only missed out of more. You probably already know about who I speak. I speak about myself. Of course I care about my family and love my friends but how can I be a good friend or a loved family member when I not putting my well being physical and psychological first? Some may thinks it's contradict speaking of well being but taking a debt for literally gambling. But this is not about money anymore. I can pay this dept by working 1 or 2 years easily I'm still young without responsibility.  This right now is my fucking development arc! I'm fighting for the things I believe with all I could put together. This is the time where I define my core values the things I stand for, the things I won't negotiate. Normally it takes years or extra amount of money to form this core values but right now I get a fucking crash curse how not to be a limp paper hand dick. I GETTING FUCKED PAID FOR MY DEVELOPMENT ARC. I learned more about the market than I ever did in school. I realized that money can be obtained without being a slave. I saw my money rising daily in monthly incomes.  And finally I really understand what " " means.  I could cash out at 400$ on market opening and could go home with an amount of money I never had on my bank account. But this is already not more about shorting a struggling company, getting a quick buck from a short squeeze, sending a message or a fucking development arc I tell my wife next boyfriend about. No it's about everyone who is still holding. It's about  . It's about the people who put their life savings into it. It's about people who got fucked in 2008. It's about the people who took a loan to buy the stonks. It's about people who get the operation for they loved ones. It's about people like me who already are poor. It's about the retards who joined this sub just to buy 1 share. It's about people!  So I'm here standing befor the hedgefounds and scream so loud that my spit will hit them  # I'M STILL FUCKING IN  # AND I DIDN'T HEAR THE BELL   (I don't know anyone of you personal. I did my own research and came to my own conclusion. This is not a financial advice. I'm simply liking the stock. And I'm simply liking this forum.)
RH shouldn't be the scapegoat, real change needs to happen.
They should not be the ONLY main point.   Apologies for the political post, I too can't wait for the loss porn to resume. Listen up retards, what needs to happen for real change to happen is have EVERY broker be held accountable for market manipulation. Robinhood sued to oblivion of course bc of how many regular users were fucked and the deception with the name. Congress members also need to be held accountable for trading and having insider info used to their advantage. Personally, i think they should not be allowed to actively trade individual stocks as long as they're in office. We should not draw attention away from what causes real change, doing so only adds patch and puts us in the same place with no real change. With all that said this still has lobbyists as a problem, but it would bring us closer to real change than ever before. Thoughts? Additional ideas? Inb4 tldr.  Edit: for all the smooth brains saying I'm Melvin/Vlad. Lmao just lmao check my post/comment history. I've been in this community wayyy before today.  Positions: 508 shares of GME
GentleBulls, today is our day
The hedges have pulled out every disgusting, dirty, legal, and illegal trick in their play books. They thought the could scare us, they thought the could shake us.  #BUT WE STOOD TALL   As Confucius or Taylor Swift might have said,  a tree with deep roots learns to sway in the wind, it bends but does not break . Today is going to be a hurricane of scare tactics, manufactured dumps, but we shall not break. We are prepared.   We are 5 million apes strong. Think about that. Every one of us might have just 10 or 15 sheckles alone, but united we are a true hedge fund of average Joe Shmucks with actual buying power and market influence.   Do not give in to the dark side. Fear leads to panic, panic leads to the runs, the   to  🤚.   Be strong my glorious bulls. Sovengarde awaits! Ride GME to intergalactic space and hold on with all you got.   # + =💪
WSB, WHAT IS YOUR STRATEGY?
How to be highly regarded.
I like this stock. You like this stock.   But they want you to sell.   They don’t want to be made to look like a retard.   Like one of us.   Like CTL, who discovered the infinite money hack (once reserved for the Princes of Wall Street) and gave it to the masses while turning $5k to -$60k (GUH!!). He paid a price.   Like analfarmer2 who lost $600k on a weekly FD and became the king of autists. He paid a price.  Like the naive retard (I say that lovingly) who sadly took his own life when he thought he’d lost a small fortune. Yes, he sadly paid the ultimate price.   And countless others among who have taken on risky positions and paid the price.   There are people who profit off of our risky behavior. Why can’t we profit off of theirs? And why can’t they pay a price for it?   The shorts took on a risk far greater than our fellow fallen autists and retards. If we hold, they must be allowed to pay the price like we have done. Like we’ve always done.   He who was highly retarded will be highly regarded.  But ONLY IF he holds.   Keep Calm and GameStonk On!!!  I love this stock.
War Never Changes.
Just YOLO’d 200k on GME PREMARKET
Elon and Melvin right before that fateful tweet
GME Price Target - just for laughs
I'll be honest, I'm super retarded and have no idea what I'm doing. I saw a lot of spergs asking when the best time to bail out would be so I attempted to model the highest price by day.   I've made a shitload of assumptions (assumed days to cover is 1wk from now, didnt account for any news/catalysts that could drive the price up/down). I basically just made a trend line based on a parabolic formula we learnt during our second attempt at the 7th grade.     I tried to fit this as best as I could to the high of previous days and came out to a number of 24k+ at the end of the period.   Obviously we could all hold for days and see this number go even higher.  This is just for entertainment, I'm not a financial advisor, I just really like the stock. Position: 0 stonks.
Let's fucking get this
I don't know what to say really, less than 3 hours till the biggest battle of our professional lives all comes down to today. Either we heal as a team or we're gonna crumble, inch by inch trade by trade till we're finished. We're in hell right now gentlemen, believe me, and we can stay here get the shit kicked out of us or we can fight our way back into the light we can climb out of hell one inch at a time. Now I can't do it for you, I don’t have your logins. I look around I see these young faces and I think, I mean, I made every wrong choice a WSB idiot can make, I bet away all my money on calls and options and believe it or not I chased off anyone who's ever loved me and lately I can't even stand the face I see in America. You know, when you try to fight the power in life, things get taken from you, that's part of life, but you only learn that when you start losing stuff, you find out that life's this game of inches and so is trading because in either game life or trading you realise that those in power will do anything to bring you down when you start to make some tendies, exchanges will take away your ability to trade and happily fuck you in the ass. The inches we need are everywhere around us, they're in every bad review and lawsuit to RH and all the other pussy’s, and they’re in squeezing this short dry. Every minute, every second on this team we fight for that inch, on this team we tear ourselves and everyone else around us to pieces for that inch with our fingernails, because we know, when we add up all those inches, that's gonna make the fucking difference between winning and losing.   In any fight it's the guy who's willing to die who's gonna win that inch and I know if I'm gonna have any tendies at the end of this, it's because I'm still willing to fight and die for that inch, that's what living is. Now I can't make you do it, you gotta look at this subreddit, look at what we've already done, I think you're gonna see an army who will go that inch with you, oh yeah, you're gonna see a guy like u/deepfuckingvalue who will sacrifice himself for this team because he knows when it comes down to it you're gonna do the same for him, that's a team gentlemen and either we heal now as a team or we will die as individuals, that's trading guys that's all it is.  Now what are you gonna do!  FUCKING DIAMOND HANDS!!!
Sorry I came late with this one bois 😔 (from movie "Uncut Gems")
Robinhood Raised 1 Billion from investors in order to keep up!
Reddit Most Trending Stocks Dashboard
Hello Guys,  I hope you are all doing fine. I had fun this last week adding new features in the Reddit Most Trending Stocks Dashboard Including:    Inclusion of different new SubReddits ( SPACs / Canadian Investor/ etc...)   Extraction of the most Trending Stocks in Twitter   Creation of an Index consisting of the 10 most trending stocks in WSB in order to track it's performance daily and show you how you could potentially profit by trading these stocks.   Adding a HTTPS Encryption so you can have a safe and secure browsing of the dashboard.  You can find all that in    Your support and ideas meant a lot during these past weeks! Don't hesitate to share new ideas and suggestions. THANK YOU !  Swiss-Rock
More disinformation coming
Yesterday was a taste of what's to come. While I know today may not be THE day the squeeze fully happens, it is a crucial day.  First Robinhood is STILL preventing GME to be bought, they're only allowing up to 5 shares per account. If you have more they won't let you add.  Second, I would put money on all brokers to be down at market open. This has happened 2 days ago and will happen again. What happens when the price goes down and brokers are down? Retail gets scared and runs for the door.   Thirdly, Shitron is back on the scene. He says he has a "major announcement" at 9am EST. While very vague you can bet your ass it will involve GameStop. I expect right at that time the price to drop from MORE shorting by the players involved to scare paper hands and kill momentum right before market open.  What can you do? If you're not already all in GME, set buy orders to create buy walls so the price won't go down as much.    Conspiracy point/the money grab  : If the SEC wants to bailout Citadel what will happen is they will halt GME at some point today for the remainder of the day or even worse, 10 days. "The SEC can suspend a company's stock for up to 10 trading days."  How would this suspension bailout Citadel? They would make BILLIONS from option contracts expiring today and next Friday. Buying call options on GME right now is a very dangerous game. The squeeze would still happen after halting stopped but now Citadel would take money from retail (call holders) to give it to retail (shareholders).   I want to finish by saying that GME is a war between retail and Wall Street, you should know by now that we face very powerful entities on the other side of the trade. Do NOT invest more than you're willing to lose, buy stock instead of options to be safe and DO NOT SELL until the shorts cover.   P. S. Not financial advice, I just really like this stock.  P. S. S.
Paul Gosar is peeling back the onion of bullshit for the attorney general.
[mods pls leave this up] Cohen bailed out Melvyn. He was also caught stark naked during the 2008 infinity squeeze. $250m in losses in 2008 resulting in one of the worst days of his life? Let’s create new memories for him shall we? Justice will be served with a side of tendies.   👉👌
Reminder for those looking to make gains on the “GME Squeeze Effect” in AMC. Lower prices for more shares don’t equal more gains.
I see this misconception alot amongst my friends, coworkers, and for the new autists that recently joined WSB due to the recent series of events. Most of the older experienced traders and earlier WSB lurkers know this so I hope to give a little bit better clarity for people in on the “Squeeze” craze trying to maximize their profits.   1. If you have $1000 in capital and you purchase 1 share of Company A for the entire $1000, Company A then goes up 20% today, your end of day value for that share is $1200 and you profit $200.   2. If you have $1000 and you spent all of it on 100 shares of Company B at $10 per share, Company B end of day is up 20%, the end value of your shares is $10per share   $12 per share. $12/share x 100 shares = $1200 net profit is again $200.  Your gain is the SAME even if you had more shares in company B if your capital spent is the same amount and both companies go up proportionally the same.   I see many posts saying “AMC is good if you cant afford GME”, “ Im too poor for GME, ill go AMC”, yes technically true if you dont have enough capital for even 1 share of GME then AMC is a good choice.   For example as of right now during the writing of this, Premarket GME has gained 100% while AMC is up 55%. Im sure you guys can see whats going on here right?   Due to GME’s SI and gamma squeezes, % jumps are going to be much larger    if youre looking to maximize gains. Obviously this will spill over to the others but GME is a special class on its own here.  Also AMC has been very forward about continuing to dilute shares to pay off their debt and taking advantage of the crazy price run up. They diluted twice this month already so your potential squeezes might not materialize. Please feel free to correct me if I’m wrong, ill try to edit to the best I can, Im not a math genius honestly and quite retarded.   Tldr; GME     🤚. I am not advising you which stock to pick but do what you will with this information. I just like the stock GME. 4 Feb 05 250. Buying more to support the   .
Visual: The Anatomy of Yesterday's GME Artificially Manipulated Price Action
Attack on Hedge Funds
Dave Portnoy: Everybody On Wall Street Who Had A Hand In Today’s Crime Needs To Go To Prison
Truth is, the game was rigged from the start
Squeeze Wars Ep. III Revenge of the Shorts
angry CNN man battles tendies virgin-demon 2021 colorized
GME SQUEEZE
Please read!!! This text will be the most important piece that you’ll see today!!!  They didn’t exit any of their short positions! You can look it up!!! The fund sold their shares to other funds, which made the stock algorithm think the stock is being sold —> price goes down —> the found that bought sells those shares again to the fund that sold them in the first place —> price drops even more —> they keep doing that —> price drops lower every time —> but as long as we hold they weren’t able to exit any positions!!! Shorts are still up 120% percent. As long as we hold the squeeze is inevitable!! And if you don’t believe me, look at the GME after hour stock price!  Furthermore don’t sell at 1000$ tomorrow or next week!!! It can be way fucking higher! I‘m talking about numbers around 10/20k per share! Compared to the VW squeeze in 2008 GME would need to be valued at 34000$ per share!!!  READ THIS!!!! COPIED IT FROM A WISE REDDITOR!!!  EVERYBODY READ THIS! Important!  Since it got removed: When do we sell? A quick guide for GME Army. (SECRET TO DIAMOND HAND    )  When do we sell? A quick guide for GME Army. (SECRET TO DIAMOND HAND    )  Too much disinformation about when to sell. I'm tired of seeing people paper handing GME when it drops by 20%, or saying to sell Friday (BTW DO NOT FUCKING SELL FRIDAY OR I WILL COME OVER THERE AND DO STUFF TO YOU!) so here is the DEFINITIVE guide on how to play the ending.  First, we need to understand what is "Days to Cover" or "Short Ratio" .  Official definition:  •	⁠Days to cover, also called short ratio, measures the expected number of days to close out a company's issued shares that have been shorted. •	⁠Days to cover is calculated by taking the number of currently shorted shares and dividing that amount by the average daily trading volume for the company in question. •	⁠A high 'days to cover' ratio can often signal a potential short squeeze.  Dumbed down version:  •	⁠imagine you're Melvin Capital and you have 1 million dildos up your ass. How long will it take to get all those dildos out of your ass? If the volume of dildo removing is 1 per day, then it'll take 1 million days to remove 1 million dildos up your ass. If it's 50,000 dildos a day, then it's 20 days. •	⁠Same thing with covering short positions. How long will it take Melvin Capital and other shorters to cover their short positions? You take alllll the shorted shares, divided by the average volume of share movement per day, and you get something called "Days to Cover"  Now you know what day's to cover means, you can check many websites to see what is the days to cover for GME.  So you can see, even if Melvin Capital wants to cover their shorts, it's gonna take them DAYS, and right now it's gonna take them an entire trading week to cover their position.  So what does that mean for us?  Well, we're just waiting for the day when Melvin Capital starts covering their position. When is that day? VERY FUCKING SOON. They're are bleeding out of their ass with the insane interest rate they're paying for their position, and a lot of puts are expiring on Friday, plus a lot of ITM (in the money) calls expire Friday and can be exercised to get shares.  Friday might be the day where Melvin Capital have no choice BUT to start covering.  Now, IF this happens, then it's not gonna take Melvin Capital 1 hour to cover all their shorts, but DAYS. Meaning if Melvin capital starts covering FRIDAY, it will take them at LEAST 3 DAYS to fully cover, which means ALL of next week, the price will keep increasing and increasing! So realistically I'd say Tues or Wed next week might be peak sell time, IF the covering starts Friday. No need to panic sell. No need to worry about a top that lasts for minutes. It will LAST FOR DAYS!!!!!  Now, CNBC and all of the MM's and corrupt media will fool you into thinking Melvin Capital has already covered their shorts or some other bullshit, but don't believe it. It takes DAYS to do so!  The only numbers you should be looking at is the short ratio. If it's getting smaller, then the squeeze has begun. If it's still at fucking 120% like it is now, NOTHING EVEN HAPPENED YET.  We're at fucking $250 after hours and the shorts still haven't begun to cover yet! Imagine when they do? $1000 is actually a very low estimate, and is no longer a meme number. If we all play it right and hold while shorts cover, we can literally squeeze this to infinity as they try to cover.  TL:DR = ACTUALLY FUCKING READ IT AND HOLD MOTHER FUCKERS HOOOOLLLDDDD. WE'RE ROBBING WALLSTREET TOGETHER!!!!!                                                                                                                         And of course, this isn’t financial advice. I’m literally retarded.  Also, I am not the OG writer for any of this material  Edits : sources  Check squeeze :        Short days :           Predictions :
Banksy says hold. We hold. (Repost from /pics)
This has been painful. I am no u/DFV but I am holding.     🏽 🏽 🏽
Justin Sun (Asian billionaire) has our back and is joining in.
THIS IS WHAT IS ABOUT TO HAPPEN! HOLD!
Robinhood Is Lying - You Are Blocked Acquiring More Than 5 Total Shares
Vlad, CEO of RH and chief mod at r/cuckold, went on national news outlets last night and swore RH would open trading of GME.   That is not entirely true.   RH is allowing anyone with ZERO shares of GME to buy up to 5.  Anyone with currently less than 5 shares can buy more up to a total portfolio of 5 shares.  Anyone with more than 5 shares can not purchase shares.   This is important because these fuck clowns know that those of us carrying greater numbers of stock likely have the capacity to buy greater numbers of GME shares and reduce liquidity.   They are simultaneously: 1)  manipulating the system 2) taking advantage of people with less funds 3) preventing a greater number of shares from being purchased  They did this so they could have a talking point in the media and during their congressional investigations and say “We reopened stock purchase of GME” and nobody will dig deeper.   This is fucking dirty ass pool and fucking outright manipulation.   Here’s the video proof:     Edit: and yes.  I do have other brokerage accounts and those are working fine. Shout out to my homies at SoFi, Fidelity, and Vanguard. I have GME stashed in those accounts too.  #Edit 2: I’m not giving a pass to those fucks at other brokers too. Thomas “The Shit Engine” Fluffer at IBKR can eat a bag of fucking rotten cocks too.  Saying GME is worth $17 and the stock should be restricted until it drops to $17 because it’s overvalued.  Fuck you Fluffer. You know what’s overvalued at $17? Your shitty blowjobs. You give really shitty head you old lemon party fuck.
This is the type of self-righteous thinking that’s permeating the old financial establishment
“It’s speculation, there’s no fundamental analysis or reason to it,” the fund manager said. “And they’re going to lose a lot of money at some point in time. They may not have lost it at the moment, but they will lose money. “I think that the bigger question is, at what point does the [US regulator] Securities and Exchange Commission step in?” he said. “You’ve got unsophisticated investors here – retail investors who are basically buying stock off the back of tweets and Reddit threads.”  They are wrong.  This sub is a collection of views where transparency is paramount unlike the unregulated hedge funds we’re battling.  We act on a consensus view that none other than Ray Dalio would classify as radical transparency. So no. Fuck you fund manager. We are not “unsophisticated “ we are a level above a unilateral decision making machine. We are a transparent consensus mob and it proves that this GME trade strategy that we all have agreed on is correct because fuckers like you are losing  And a big fuck you to “fundamentals”. Chatham Palihapitaya said it best in his CNBC interview. This is not about fun-derr-mentals. Did anyone question Ackeman vs Icahn on fundamentals of Herbalife?! What about quant funds that solely trade on momentum- where’s  the “fundamentals” in that you douchebags?!   But when retails collectively decide on a trading strategy, it doesn’t make any sense yet people including regulators are happy to accept hedge funds to trade on speculation and momentum. Call it for what it is. WSBs trading strategy is to create a short squeeze and trade the momentum. Data fucken vendors sell this type of information to institutions and retail folks can’t access this shit. Is that fucken fair?   Don’t think of us a mom and dad investors. We are a collective. Radical transparency. We know our risk. If someone is happy to lose 1000k on a bet, well that’s the personal level of risk.  So fuck you and your self righteousness.   This is a new market paradigm. We are it. We are on the right side of hsitory  Edit: obligatory
$1,000 is not a meme, but diamond hands doesn’t mean bag hold
Listen, I’ll probably get downvoted for this but it must be said: $1,000 is not a meme, but don’t hold so long you lose all your fucking gains.  We know the media, the banks, the platforms, and the hedge funds have been trying to scare us to bail on GME. It’s not so inconceivable that they’re trying to do the opposite, too: titillate us into thinking that the price will go higher and higher and higher.   I may have autism but I’m not retarded. Do you really think seeing GME at $1,000 will inevitably mean it will go to $2,000 or $5,000 or $6,900? Who controls the game? Hint: IT IS NOT YOU.  I’m just begging you all to take SOME profit when we hit $1,000, but don’t sit there getting greedy thinking “well if it hit $1,000 it can hit $2,000 which means I can afford TWO orders of tendies!” Some of the numbers I see here are absurd. $30,000 — for real? Citadel and all those fucks probably went long yesterday, or are otherwise trying to figure out how to. As soon as this bitch gets them comfortably in the black they will bail. Meanwhile they hope a handful of retail clutches on the rocket to the sun, forgetting that mother fucking Icarus died trying to get there.  Before you shout “BUT DFV IS HOLDING”—our lord and savior done sold and took some profits. Check his post history. He’s set. We are not. If he’s not selling it’s for funsies at this point.  tl;dr Take profits—GOOD profits, not this $420 shit—and let the rest ride. Don’t get greedy. Pigs get slaughtered. Protect yourself.  Positions: 1,000 @ $22.
Full Moon was scheduled Yesterday, looks like we only lost
The GameStop and AMC drama doesn’t stop with the stock market.
Careful, premarket volume is always low
The last two days the price tanked premarket generally in the 845-930 am range. Will happen again who knows when the platforms actually start allowing trading. Do not panic, that low volume is how they get the price down. Some people have been using that to buy at a discount but that’s not financial advice. But be careful don’t let it scare you. Holding and setting a stop limit prevents your shares from being borrowed (unless RH screws over its users again like they always always always do, just look at the ceos horrendous interviews yesterday)
In Defense of Stopping Buys
Every gain is one persons loss. Investors pick the investments, brokers help facilitate trading, but don’t pick your investments.   What if through no fault of the brokerage house, their cohort of investors collectively make a large bet that goes wrong? What if a lot of their account short GME? To reiterate, something the brokers have no control over. What if then the stock surges causing some of the investors to literally go bankrupt because the amount to buy back the stock exceeds the value of their account? Who is then on the hook? You guessed it, your broker.   If the broker is at risk then they are risking the financial system overall for bets they don’t control. You can bet that they aren’t going to finance their investors bankruptcies for long. So they are forced to stop or limit trading in a security that they have risk or exposure to for the good of the collective system.   Yes it hurts investors investors that just saw a 70x increase. Of course the longs want it to go up 100x or 1000x. Who wouldn’t?   But at the end of the day if that causes insolvency for some of these brokers I can assure you the shorts will win.  Happy investing!  Author has no exposure to GME
Live footage from Citadel HQ
Daily Discussion Thread for January 29, 2021
Your daily trading discussion thread. Please keep the shitposting to a minimum.                                                         DD         Discussion         YOLO         Gain         Loss              Read the   and make sure other people follow them.    Try  , also accessible through the top bar.
Using options volatility to your advantage: Getting around the 5 GME share buy limit
If you're in a situation like me where you can't transfer your money and positions out of robinhood without having to wait days, possibly weeks, and you want to buy GME, I have an idea so retarded that it might work.  As we know, Robinhood is only allowing you to buy 5 shares of GME on friday if you don't already own more than 5. This is some bullshit. I have come across the dilemma where I dont have the cash to exercise my calls, so I'm planning on selling 1 call to exercise the other and get 100 shares. I would use the remaining cash to get more shares, but I would be limited. This is where my retarded idea comes in:  Sell cash secured puts with the soonest expiry date possible. If GME never goes below that price, congrats. You just received a really high premium. If it does and it gets exercised, you now have 100 more shares at that price that you would not have been able to get otherwise.  Someone please inform me if selling puts would somehow helps the hedge funds and fuck our game up, or if this is actually a plausible idea. I want to throw as much money into GME as I can before the squeeze and I feel this is a good way to get around the RH share limit.   This is not financial advice  TLDR; selling cash secured puts either gets you gains or gets you more GME shares  WE'RE NOT FUCKING SELLING     GME TO $17,000                    Edit:
🦢Black Swans Wreaking the
Fellow degenerates, what you might or might not have realised is that the $GME saga has opened a huge pandora's box across various aspects of our society, politics, economy and finance.  What is really fascinating, is this has been 'destined' (for the lack of a better word) to happen. WSB degenerates aren't to be blamed, for anything.  Let me introduce you to a super smart guy called Nassim Nicholas Taleb (he has more brain wrinkles than all of this sub combined) who wrote at length about Black Swan events (         So Taleb criticized the risk management methods used by the finance industry and warned about financial crises, subsequently profiting from the late-2000s financial crisis (I wouldn't be surprised if he loaded up on $GME calls too LMAO). He advocates what he calls a "black swan robust" society, meaning a society that can withstand difficult-to-predict events. He proposes antifragility in systems, that is, an ability to benefit and grow from a certain class of random events, errors, and volatility as well as "convex tinkering" as a method of scientific discovery,   by which he means that decentralized experimentation outperforms directed research.    For you smooth-brains, this means that a WSB type set-up where research and experimentation is open sourced and done by millions of decentralized degenerates will always trump a hedge fund type set-up where this centralized and vertically directed (usually by the CIO or PM)  Here is Taleb's    >GME   >   >Not a single movement in Game Stop was an outlier, with a standard power law with tail index  !   >   >Not a single one!        So what does this mean?     What this means is that   $GME's stock movement isn’t as special as it seems to be  . Everyone (read CNBC - fuck you Wapner, Boomerberg, CNN and even the fucking hedge funds) were surprised, calling it irrational, devoid of any reason or logic.  Question is why were they surprised? The answer is because hedge fund models couldn’t forecast shit.   Their models are worthless trash and they have been proven wrong again and again.    This is exactly the same stupid lesson LTCM didn't learn in 1998 and Lehman in 2008. Hedge funds tried picking up pennies in front of a steamroller and got crushed, this time shorting companies into the ground.  Taleb calls these 'thick tailed' events. Extreme events away from the centre of the distribution play a very large role. Black Swans are not "more frequent", they are more consequential. The fattest tail distribution has just one very large extreme deviation, rather than many departures from the norm.  This is the rationality of common people with a good tail risk detector ('your spidey sense'), compared to the ignorance of experts (read hedge funds, MMs and other Wall Street dementors).  If we visibly incur tiny risk of ruin, but have a frequent exposure, the probability of what happened to $GME would have gone to 1 anyway...basically what can break and is irreversible will eventually break. Shorting 140% of $GME's float is exactly that.     >I have found markets to be anything but random, and I find many of the future events that are bound to be dismissed as random or explainable only in hindsight in fact can be foretold in time with the rhythm of history. If one does the work.  And foretold they did. u/deepfuckingvalue and Dr Burry's spidey sense were right all along and predicted this all the way from 2019.  TL;DR You degenerates are not the problem, you are the solution. $GME         Obligatory: I am not a financial advisor, in fact I am a financial bonehead and that doesn't know shit
Y’all doing the Lord’s work
300 shares of gme going for this rocket ride
GameStop Update 3: Can't Stop, Won't Stop, GameStop
A recap on the past day:  1. The goal: Buy up GameStop (GME). Armed with what started as an initial investment of only $50k Reddit user DeepFucking Value built up his personal funds to over $50 million. As well as an army of retail traders behind him. 2. Melvin Capital (short seller) had allegedly received a few billion in emergency bailout funds from Citadel. 3. Yesterday Robinhood brokerage betrays its own user base by turning off any ability to buy GME. You can only sell. It is speculated this was done to give hedge funds a huge unfair advantage. 4. Allegedly, one of Robinhood's largest clients is actually Citadel. 5. According to Justin Kan "Citadel reloaded their shorts before they told Robinhood to stop trading GME" 6. Wall St. Goes Crazy. Lawsuits are filed, calls for Robinhood founders being put in jail. 7. GME stock drops from $450 to below $150 per share  8 An Avengers-Like Army assembles behind DFV. Names include Elon Musk, AOC, Mark Cuban, Justin Kan, and Dave Portnoy  9. Trading is back today, premarket shares sit at over $400 and many speculate that we are entering the endgame. The Battle Cry: $1,000+ per share  Let the players play: Game On
WALL STREET'S CRIMINAL PAST REPORT [MUST READ]
Hi all, your dear retard u/consygiere here.  I think it's safe to assume that a lot of people here do not like the Big Boys anymore. Well, at least I never did. A couple weeks ago I found this extremely interesting report. With all the attention surrounding the sub and its users, it's always good to have some counter-arguments in your pocket in case someone attacks you. It's a 122 page report on Wall Street's last 20 years of illegal activity (if your attention span is less than 10 seconds, I provided some articles below). I post it here because I got extremely angry when I saw   I can't even think how fraudulent the system is and how it was in the past years. This is a must read for any degenerate that wants to fight these frauds and make a change in the history of the financial world. As someone said - it became personal for many of us at some point. Knowing this stuff is important.          395 major legal actions and $195 bln in fines and settlements over the last 20 years.   the alleged or settled illegal conduct spans almost every conceivable type of financial crime or violation:    • money laundering;       • bribery;       • massive fraud in the sale of mortgage-backed securities;       • credit card and checking account abuses;       • foreclosure and debt collection violations;       • breaches of fiduciary duty;       • antitrust violations;       • market manipulation;       • enabling Ponzi schemes       • violations of election law.            if you can't even look at something that has more than three pages, here's a bunch of articles how dirty these guys play:                                     Once again, if you want more, everything is in the report linked   This short list is literally a drop in the ocean. Pretty bloody ocean I'd say.    Here's a more detailed list of all fraudulent activities of the 6 largest banks:          But hey! It's us, right? A bunch of 20 year olds trying to leave our miserable lifes by outplaying the masters. Fun fact -   WE DID NOT COMMIT ANY ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WHILE DOING THIS, SO FUCK YOU SEC.     Mandatory
THE BIGGEST SECURITIES FRAUD IN OUR HISTORY
Disclaimer  : This is NOT my DD. This was posted by /u/thecoziestboy on the 'Daily Discussion' chat. He could not post this on his own because of karma/account age restrictions. All credit goes to him, I'm just the smooth-brained voice-box. Mods lemme know if this is against the rules, and I'll delete it. Anyway, here's what he shared:    TL;DR  : Hedge funds  most probably  gamed stock prices for other trending tickers in order to use profits from expiring OTM calls to offset losses on $GME   I’m starting to connect the dots between OTM Call contracts, Thursday’s RH Shenanigans, and GME. In this post I’m going to explain how I believe they are all interconnected, and how RH and Citadel have committed Securities Fraud that will once again force average Americans to foot the bill of Wall Street’s bad bets. But only if they get away with it.    For starters, we need to go back to Monday, Jan 25th.    Robinhood “sells” us these deep OTM options at the start of the week. We buy them up like crazy in stocks like NOK, BB, AMC, etc. All trends until Wednesday indicate that many of these once deep OTM calls will be ITM come Friday, which would result in catastrophic losses for the MM.   Who is RH’s MM and very likely the main issuer of all of these call options? Citadel LLC.    Now what would Citadel have to gain from issuing such an insane volume of Call options? Let’s find out.    We have seen attempt after attempt after attempt for Citadel or Melvin Capital Management to manipulate GME and other stocks over the last few days in AH trading, and during the ladder selling to decrease the price of GME while many retail investors were locked out of buying more stock and attempted triggering of limit sell orders utilizing RH data.    What we saw Thursday was their nuclear option, last case scenario, “oh fuck” moment.    When it was apparent that their cheaper attempts to manipulate the market was not working, what did they do? Publicly and openly restrict the buying (but not selling) of WSB stocks... and it’s worse than everybody thinks, and I’ll get to that in a minute.    By restricting buying, but allowing selling,  RH and Capital were able to reduce demand in the market an astounding amount, causing stock prices in all of these WSB stocks to fall, this then caused a domino effect as paper hands folded their hands and caused a domino effect on all of our WSB stocks.    What’s the net impact of this?   While GME hands were able to hold, (which is amazing but we will need to circle back to) They dropped the stocks to critical levels in BB, NOK, AMC that will earn Citadel   billions   as INSANE VOLUMES OF Call contracts expire OTM Friday 1/29. They will then turn around and use these billions to close out their position in GME. To show how much the MMs stand to gain here, I have linked the attached image to show the ridiculous amount of money that they will gain if their plan goes through     They manipulated us into taking a bet that they had already planned to fix. They knew if these bets miss we are left with nothing and they gain all the upside. They have committed countless acts of securities fraud through the past week that ultimately have robbed retail investors, forcing them to pay the bill for Short-Sellers’ catastrophic bets.   In essence, our only hope at forcing a GME squeeze actually goes against what we have been thinking this entire time. Before, it meant on this subreddit was that we need to focus entirely on GME. I fear now RH and Citadel have forced us into a position where our only way to ensure a GME squeeze is to ensure that they are unable to profit off these Call contracts in the other stocks that so many of us are exposed to.    We have created a war, and I feel the only way we can 'win' handily is if they don't profit off of the other tickers. HAVING SAID THAT, GME is our absolute priority, and needs to be absolutely HAMMERED today. DIAMOND FUCKING HANDS BOYS. This is the only way.      Disclaimer 2  : This is not investment advice. WE JUST LIKE THE STOCKS.      Edit1  : I APOLOGIZE FOR THE BLASPHEMOUS OVERSIGHT. TO THE MOOOOONNNN!!!
Update on my 5-year trading returns (yes I'm holding)
The future of $GME
The hedge funds WILL lie on their short positions on GME today, it is their best interest to lie since the fine for misreporting is nothing compared to what they stand to lose. 500 shares @$38
I'm not from the US, so this IS financial advice.   Hedge fund Cormark was fined   ($  by the SEC for reporting a short position as a long position, for over a year.      There is hardly any downside to lying for these hedge funds.    They stand to get a   fine, but if they correctly report their perhaps 300% short, they stand to go bankrupt.   They have already shown that they are willing to stop at nothing to kill retail.   When short reporting time comes, and the short percent is 50%, DON'T BELIEVE THE LIES!  I like the GME stock. I have $26k locked and loaded for the short ladder today.
MY BRUDDAS , I MISSED YOU BRUDDA , WE MUST GO TO THE MOON TO SAVE THE QUEEN
Hold the line
Something Similar Happened in 1907 only Triggered by a Failed Corner Attempt Instead of Short.
;#x200B;      ;#x200B;    The panic of 1907 / Knickerbocker Crisis    "The panic was triggered by the failed attempt in October 1907 to corner the market on stock of the United Copper Company. When this bid failed, banks that had lent money to the cornering scheme suffered runs that later spread to affiliated banks and trusts, leading a week later to the downfall of the Knickerbocker Trust Company—New York City's third-largest trust. The collapse of the Knickerbocker spread fear throughout the city's trusts as regional banks withdrew reserves from New York City banks. Panic extended across the nation as vast numbers of people withdrew deposits from their regional banks. It is the 9th largest decline in   stock market history."    After the Dow dropped 50%, JP Morgan, one of the richest fuckers EVER and a sort of acting central bank at the time, had to give out loans to bail them all out.     ;#x200B;   Processing img 2z6bjdjpv8e61...     These brokers are Fucked folks.   Hedge funds are going under over this.   It's Checkmate.   Every fucking Working class human on the planet is united as one people right now and we literally beat them at their own game, that they set up themselves AND rigged to their own favor. They got out traded by a group that takes pride in their having extra chromosomes and couldn't bare the shame of defeat so they averaged down on a massive loser like fucking bums and we called their bluff.     The amount of buy at open orders from everyone and their wife's boyfriend is absolutely going to overwhelm GME tomorrow and they will eventually be forced (once again) into a position where they have to pay whatever price we fucking choose    all saw the thread posted where an order got filled at over $2k/sh just before brokers stopped accepting buy  's gamma squeeze is going to blast us past the moon at lightspeed straight to fucking Mars with Papa Elon.  Which brings me to the reason for   has it these guys are having to liquidate massive longs in the market to cover margin calls...driving the general market prices down. I believe that this coupled with general hatred for wallstreet by the average Joe and the fact that   We Proved to the world that the common person can make money in the market without the elites managing it    result is steadily increased selling on the general   continuing to moon no matter what due to the squeeze.   More than likely I am wrong on this because I am literally fucking   is a tiny chance I am right but off on the timing and too early, and an even less chance that I am right in both theory and timing.    I am balls deep in GME and AMC nearly all of my liquid capital is invested in these two companies including my fucking IRA retirement   pulled my last cash savings and depositing it today to load up with OTM SPY puts at open because I really think the general market will suffer from this.   Positions: $37k in shares GME+AMC, AMC Jun '21 $  + Jan '22 $5C, GME Apr '21 $320C, Various deep OTM GME puts to tail hedge  Adding SPY puts tomorrow with my last fucking dollar everything from FDs to LEAPS.    TL;DR bears r fuk, bears traded bad, bears tanking market with bad decisions, liquidity crisis probable, market might drop as result, SPY puts good, not trading  'll probably lose money if you follow, we like the stock, diamond hand gang member for life.    Edit:    🏻      $10k is the way. we are all going to get filthy fucking rich. This will be the greatest redistribution of wealth in human history. To Valhalla brothers!
We will soon be approaching what the wise philosopher Scooter described as "The first page of the second chapter."
Aright you fuckin apes. Gather round if you wish to hear me tell the tale of how the apes broke on through to the other side.     The very essence of what has happened over this year, let alone this week, let alone this very fucking day is something that is hard to fathom. It's like trying to visualize a hypercube with your stupid ape brain. And yet, the ape mind is able to not only conceptualize a hypercube, but also to explain it mathematically. For no real reason.    Because that's what apes do: they tinker and try anyways, likely due to the ape mind being riddled with ADD, complications from venereal disease, and autistic impulses. Through the sheer million monkeys at typewriters system, the species manages to progress, communicating with one another along the way. Usually it's just business as usual at the monkey factory, but what we are observing now could very well be another one of those monumentally pivotal moments in history, where the ape man transcends to a higher level like the beginning of 2001: A Space Odyssey.     We live in a society that espouses the values of freedom, democracy and the ability to grow rich from nothing. Unfortunately, our society is very much  not  like that. There's this persistent glossy veneer, but below the surface there's a lot going wrong, and this plane we're on is in a heavy tailspin.     Cost of living, the wealth gap, climate change, covid, student loans, medical bills, unfair taxes, tax cheats, panama papers that nobody does anything, wars nobody wants that we're all paying for, hours upon hours,  upon hours  of work for less and less money every passing day... where does it end? Journalists killed, dictators making mansions, concentration  , torture chambers. We're being absolutely rat fucked from every possible angle, and many apes feel like they can't do a goddamn thing about it.     Whenever things get bad like this, something needs to give, and the apes have been really worried that they might slip into another global war.  A "Global War I," if you will. But today, the apes have found a new level of optimism, brothers.     I watched as /u/deepfuckingvalue declared he would go where there be dragons, and that there would be treasure. When news got round that he was right, the other apes declared: what one ape can do, another can do!     Slowly but surely, the apes of . The dragons, alerted by the jangling of their trove being disrupted awoke from their slumber in a seething rage. They took to the sky and rained fire on the apes. But the apes were prepared. See, rather than creating a unified front, the apes were much dumber.    Some were able to focus on fighting and looting one hoard. Others were too scattered and ran from hoard to hoard, dropping coins and treasure along the way. Others still just ran around throwing feces at eachother. This technique of not having any technique at all frustrated the dragons, causing them to attack with greater ferocity.    But when word got our that the dragons were attacking the apes, more and more apes got together. As they pushed back the dragons, they saw the fear in the serpents eyes, as it finally understood that its time is now over. "They like this gold," they proclaimed!    The dragons may have backstepped, but be prepared, for they too know of additional dragons. And dragons, like apes, also stick together. They will also gather the kings and their armies, for the kings and the dragons share their love of gold above all else. This will unite them. The dragons will become more aggressive. They gather their strength from gold, and without its luster, they become frail and die.  I don't know if this is the catalyst, or what exactly has happened here, but so many pieces fell into place to make this all happen, that it's possibly a perfect sequence. And this is merely the beginning.   This battle can be won. For the first time since the world plunged into darkness on Y2K, I am filled with hope. If the dragons are defeated, and the kings converted, the apes can share the gold amongst one another, buying tendies and investing in things they like, like banana farms, tendies, and companies that aren't run by sadistic fuckers. This could be the first day of the rest of our lives.  Now this ape must sleep, for another 15 hour shift awaits him tomorrow. I have no way to get the gold from the dragon right now, as I am in the northern forests, where the only trading involves beaver pelts for whale bones. It matters little anyways, as I have no money to invest anyways.     But I feel as though I must do something, and perhaps my part in all this, is to simply tell the tale. I'm also baked as shit.     Godspeed ye fleet of rocket apes. You may not know where you're going, or where you'll end up, but rocket fun and go up. I salute you.
TODAY IS JUDGEMENT DAY. WHO'S SIDE ARE YOU ON !?
.　　　　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　   　 　　　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\ 　　　　　　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　 　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　　　　　　　 　 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ 　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　,　　   　  .　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　ﾟ　  　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　☀️If we hold　　.  ,　　　　　　　.　　　　　　    　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　  　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　    　      　　　　　        　　　  . 　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　   　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　    ✦ 　   　　　,　　　　　　　　　　　      $GME 　　　　 　　,　　　 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　 　　 　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　           　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　˚　　　 　   　　　　,　　　　　　　　　　　       　    　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　  　　    　　　　　 　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\  　　   　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　　　　         　        　　　　 　　 　　　　　　　 　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　    　　. 　 　　　　　.　　　　   　　　　　   　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　   　  ˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　ﾟ　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　       🌎 ‍ ‍ If we sell ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ,　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\  .　　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　   　 　　　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\ 　　　　　　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.
The squeeze have ben lit!!!
You CAN transfer positions to new platform without selling.
Edit: (post shortened to help clarify purpose).  The purpose of this post is to show that you don't always have to sell to transfer.  The purpose is not to promote anything or tell you to transfer.   I've seen numerous posts saying you have to sell to transfer to a new platform.  I've said this several times now, but trying to get the point across.  #You can transfer your positions without selling to a platform like Tastyworks.   They can transfer in your actual positions outside certain options positions It's called an ACAT transfer. And Tastyworks actually does it for free.  You, retail investor, can't do it though, you have to find a platform/broker that will do it for you.  The reason many/most won't do it for you if because they make money per trade, so (obviously) it's better for them if positions are closed and reopened.   The downside is that it can take a week or so, and you can't sell during the transfer (forced diamond hands?).  Also, only a few let you do it digitally (ie. without a "wet" signature).  To find out if your platform of interest will do it, go to the support page.    Ex:     Ask below or DM any questions or if you want any help/assistance.
One of my favorite traders, Sven Henrich, has apparently been making out with the sub in secret
How do new people get in on this?
I'm a regular guy that's worked a 9-5 my whole life. I've lurked around this subreddit before back when that one guy made bank off tesla but I never got into it because the whole process seemed intimidating.  I tried robinhood but didn't understand why I can only buy during certain times of the day so I gave up on it.   The way I see it the more regular people investing the better for everyone but billionaires, how can we join in the fight against the rich?
Exercising, the how to if you have stocks, calls and no capital.
To gain capital and increase your overall share holding transfer(cash out) few stocks pre market to other shareholders only enough to cover your exercise, they will go to actual shareholders not brokerage firms, hedge funds and shorters and then exercise at opening!   And remember   Just because there is no way to buy GME doesn’t mean it won’t go up, it’s been shorted by 130% of float! They have to buy every Friday! They may have covered their positions for this Friday already but what about next Friday, and the Friday after that, FOR 2 Years! Every call option ever purchased on GMe is IN THE MONEY!!!!! Hold hold hold! Hold until GME releases more stock and then HOLD BECAUSE YOU CANT BUY THIS SHIT ANYMORE! The less available something is THE more value it has in a free market!!!!! And once GME takes billions in funding by selling shares! The company will kick ass!!!!! HOLD  I am not a financial advisor, lol        120 shares @ 179 1 145c 1/29
Woke up early to make sure I bought my ticket to the moon. LETS GO!!!!! Also, screw you, Robinhood
GME SHORT SQUEEZE INFO (NOT MYNE BUT POSTING FOR VISIBILITY)
SHORT STOCK DOESN'T HAVE AN EXPIRATION DATE  Hedgefund whales are spreading disinfo saying Friday is make-or-break for $GME. Call options expiring ITM on Friday will drive the price up if levels are maintained, but  may not trigger the short squeeze .  It may be Friday, but it could be next week the we see the real squeeze.  DON'T PANIC IF THE SQUEEZE DOESN'T HAPPEN FRIDAY.  It's not guaranteed to. The only thing that is  guaranteed  mathematically is that the shorts  will have to cover  at  some  point in the future. They are trying to get enough people hooked on the   false expectation   of Friday so that if/when it doesn't happen, enough will sell out of panic/despair.   DON'T BE THAT PERSON.    WE LIKE THE STOCKKEEP HOLDING UNTIL THEY FEEL THE PAIN, WHETHER THAT'S FRIDAY OR NEXT WEEK5,000+  🏻       This is not financial advice im not an expert this is my opinion and heck its not even myne i just agree with this
Retail Buying of Heavily Shorted Stocks is NOT Market Manipulation
I’ve seen a lot of memes to the effect of “Wall Street manipulates markets but gets mad when regular people do it lol”. I get the spirit of these memes and enjoy them, but they do create the false impression that retail buying as a result of info on these forums constitutes actual market manipulation.  It doesn't. GME is hardly the first heavily shorted stock to get squeezed, and holding when stocks are going up double digits every day is just getting the most out your investment - especially if you bought under the initial thesis that the truly insane short interest would cause a price increase, your thesis was then proved correct, and the short interest remained 100%+.  To constitute market manipulation it must be proven: (1) That the accused had the ability to influence market prices; (2) that the accused specifically intended to create or effect a price or price trend that does not reflect legitimate forces of supply and demand; (3) that artificial prices existed; and (4) that the accused caused the artificial prices. ( \ \  copied from a bloomberg article)  Per this definition, restricting buying actually would constitute manipulation, as it creates an artificially low demand for a stock, in turn driving down cost - but the brokerages have done that, not us. If they don’t have money to cover 570c’s if they go ITM, maybe they shouldn’t have sold them to begin with? fuck em, cut back on the lattes  TLDR; a bunch of people on reddit buying GME not market manipulation
Sell your other stocks now!
In a rush to get cash to cover their positions and somehow get out of their fucked up trades, hedgefunds can and will sell other positions.  I'm assuming this could trigger a major dip for the whole market, once they start selling big positions to cover their asses. Market as a whole is pretty uncertain anyway.  If another gammasqueeze hits today and actually triggers the short squeeze THEY HAVE TO GET OUT OR GO BUST with cash they don't have right now.  That will fuck up a lot of other stocks for sure, but propel GME TO FUCKING SUN AND BEYOND!
Be careful of FUD on Friday
Be very careful of the FUD (fear, uncertainty, doubt) that will be cast all over the place tomorrow.   1. The biggest fud right now is oh we want to protect our investors and the little men. Well hopefully nobody is investing more than they can afford to lose that is important step  number 1.  But this will fear you into thinking the hypothesis is incorrect that the shorts are out and this is just fomo. It may be but would we have gone from $5 to $400 right now if that was truly the case with these guys kicking and screaming all the way, unlikely. Why do they care about our financial health all of a sudden?? Why is their voice so . They stay hidden like chickens usually Bc they know what unmasking them would mean and yet at very great risk to themselves and their system suddenly they are here to speak Bc they are worried about your financial health? They think we’re idiots   2. Citron research has some big announcement in the am. It will be Pure BS FUD. They won’t be the only ones for sure.   3. RH is very likely to pull a lot more shenanigans. If you saw that ceo lying on TV you’ll know what I mean. Not many options you have in that case but it’s worth raising your voice about it. It’s all part of the FUD. Any suggestions on this from the big brains let us know. They literally do it every time, every single time there is volatility that may hurt their people they do this over the last 3 years.   4. See elons tweet and updated bio, that is a game changer not for GameStop but for what all the shenanigans from centralized financial systems means. The time for decentralized Finance is nearing don’t miss out on it  Edit: also don’t forget the volume premarket is very low, they love to drop the price premarket, don’t be fooled!  None of this is actual financial advice.
HOW TO BUY MORE THAN 5 SHARES ON RobinHood (up to 1,000)
Go find an options chain pricing sheet that shows volume:     Filter through all expirations, Sort by volume. Find the highest volume (to make sure orders go through w/o ridiculous spread)  (12c 4/16 as of now)  Now go through RH's options screen and BUY - CALL then switch the date and scroll down to that expiry.  Since these are deeply ITM they will cost just about the same as current price   100.  For example if current price is $400 at open each contract will cost about $40,000 then you pay an additional <strike price>   100 to exercise (in this case $1200) to exercise.  Now exercise the options and  # Boom you have up to 1,000 shares of GME   (RH is limiting to 10 contracts)  I'm tired and need sleep. If anyone can make a video tutorial / screen cast that'd be great. Especially the exercise screen.
I propose a new WORLD Stock Exchange, FUCK NYSE. The location, Switzerland.
NO MORE FRAUD, NO MORE CORRUPTION. NYSE IS NOT TO BE TRUSTED. SHORT MAIN STREAM MEDIA. CNBC PRICE TARGET 0, FOX NEWS 0, NYT 0, ENOUGH. VOTE WITH YOUR WALLET. WE CAN ONLY MAKE THIS WORLD CHANGE WITH OUR WALLET. BANKRUPT THESE FUCKING CROOKED COMPANIES.   WE CAN'T WIN WITH BLOODSHED, WE CAN'T WIN WITH PROTESTS. WE CAN WIN WITH OUR MONEY. VOTE AND HOLD. LIQUIDATE HOLDINGS IN ALL FRAUDULENT SECURITIES AND EXCHANGES, NOW IS THE TIME FOR REVOLUTION. DIGITAL AND FREE.   THE WORLD STOCK EXCHANGE, A NEW WAY FORWARD. TAKE THE POWER AWAY FROM THIS CORRUPT FRAUDULENT SYSTEM.  POWER TO THE PLAYER         GME 420!!!   Edit, I chose Switzerland because they're already loaded, they HOLD and never ever sell. They have been neutral for centuries, they love chocolate, I watch the trends, eurobros hold and pump. NOW more than ever, the world has a chance to unite and move forward. Side step these corrupt people, these corrupt leaders. TAKE THEIR TENDIES. DRINK FROM THE MASSIVE FUCKING TENDIE BOWL THEYVE BEEN SWIMMING IN.  THERE WAS ZERO VOLUME  YESTERDAY. BOUGHT AND HOLDING. NOBODY PAPER HANDED AT 115. LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.                                            Edit, If the people tax the #WORLDSTOCKEXCHANGE we could pay every citizen on every nation on earth forever. The end of poverty, the end of control. We either give power to corrupt old boomers or we give it to every single person on earth. Vote with your wallet. End this shit already. NO MORE BLEEDSHED, NO MORE VIOLENCE, GO HOME AND VOTE WITH YOUR WALLETS. TAKE OUR MONEY BACK. MONEY IS POWER. MONEY IS THE WEAPON OF CHOICE. POWER TO THE PLAYER!!!!!!!!
PSA: IBKR says no GME available to short today.
WE WILL NOT GO QUIETLY INTO THE NIGHT
Ethan Klein (h3h3 podcast) joins the battle, this is really some Avengers level stuff
Explaing how we WON yesterday and how we have the potential to DESTROY all the hedge funds that shorted GME and change the ENTIRE Financial system forever disrupting the clearinghouses themselves!
I have to start his post that I am retarded and that this is not financial advice, you all here do your own research and make your own decisions, all I know is that   I LIKE THE STOCK!           \ \ TLDR at the bottom.\ \          I do not think that you all here realize that we have essentially won yesterday at 9:58 AM and that we almost crashed the entire thing. There was a post here describing a    In this post, they described and expressed their outrage with the Interactive Brokers Chairman interview.  # THEY ARE CORRECT!  There was ANOTHER interview with    that I did not see that received  as much attention here.  In this interview, it is a bit longer   (     must watch imo).    It explains  some  of the ambiguity with the previous interviews with Vlad from Robinhood and what happened in general.  # It confirms that:  1. THEY HAD A LIQUIDITY PROBLEM 2. THE SHORTS  ARE STARTING TO GO BUST 3. THE BROKERS ARE ON THE HOOK TO GET SHARES THAT THEIR CLIENTS CANT GET 4. THE BROKERS THEMSELVES CANNOT COVER THESE POSITIONS PROPERLY 5. THE CLEARING HOUSE ALSO CANNOT COVER AND ARE GETTING LOANS FROM THE BANKS DUE TO THE CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS.     Essentially, we   liked   the stock so much      that the shorties (all my homies hate melvin capital and shitron) blew up so fast that the BROKERS could not properly margin call them in time.  THEY COULD NOT LIQUIDATE THEM IN TIME TO GET THEM TO COVER THEIR POSITIONS IN TIME.  Now, the brokers are on the hook to go get the shares for you if their clients cannot. THIS is why there is a margin call and margin maintenance to avoid this from happening. But we BLEW past all of this so fast that they are now on the hook since their clients the         now cannot get the share that they legally need to provide you.  Since these brokers are large, they usually have the capital to cover these losses and get the shares themselves. As   flexes that he has billions to cover. When I heard it first has made me raise my eyebrows since why would he flex this number and then highlight the 15billion losses. Then it hit me...   THEY CANNOT COVER THESE POSITIONS.   These brokers are starting to not be able to clear these transactions so their clearing house does it for them.  The clearing house in short makes sure that when you sell your share you get your money in your account. They usually have about 1-2% of capital requirements for the stock that is being traded to make sure that they can settle the transaction. HOWEVER, for GME it is raised to a 100%.    THE CLEARING HOUSE CANNOT SETTLE THESE TRANSACTIONS!    Once Robinhood's clearinghouse went down the transactions started getting routed through Webull's clearing house ( I belive it is  . They almost IMMEDIATELY had to put a halt on it because they could not settle the transactions.  THEY STARTED TAKING LOANS FROM BANKS TO KEEP THEMSELVES FROM HALTING THE   ENTIRE   STOCK MARKET.  # THE ENTIRE STOCK MARKET WAS ABOUT TO COLLAPSE BECAUSE THEY WERE ABOUT TO NOT BE ABLE TO SETTLE THE TRANSACTIONS!  # THERE IS NOT ENOUGH STOCK TO GO AROUND!  At this point, what that all means is that THERE IS not enough stock to go around and the LOSES of these         are so   LARGE   that the brokers cannot get the shares that they are legally bound to do. And their CLEARING HOUSE cannot do it either.  THIS IS WHY THEY STOPPED YOU FROM BUYING BUT ALLOWED SELLING.  They used the short ladder attack and essentially in a low volume caused the price to drop by trading in between themselves to a point where they were sort of able to cover some losses.   BUT,    IN THE MIDDLE OF THIS SHORT LADDER ATTACK,  The most beautiful thing happened...  # EVERYONE HELD:  (From       Look at that difference between BID and ASK.  I love ALL of you.  You all      that shit so hard!     You , yes   YOU   reading this , because   you      that shit the price did not drop further. Because of every single one of you, they were not able to cover their positions.     What this all means is that we are close to winning and we will not only take out the greedy      hedge fund      managers but also THE BROKERS, THE CLEARING HOUSES and the WHOLE THING.     Now, this all means that we are very, very VERY close to winning. At this point, IF we manage to get all these options to exercise in the money today, it will be 15million -20 million shares that will have to be bought up by the market makers ( this is the gamma squeeze that is probably going to happen today and would then cause   the SQUEEZE   to the moon  )     At this point,  I plan to hold and you should too.  If we keep drying out these clearing houses, brokers like fidelity do not have clearing houses and there you should be able to buy freely. The more we clear them out the more they will have to cover and we have a chance for a real financial revolution.        TLDR:  The brokers have let their       clients     lose so much money so fast that they were not able to margin call them in time and now they are on the hook to provide the shares.  The losses are so large that THEY the BROKER are not able to provide the share and then the clearing house has to do it.  THE CLEARING HOUSE CANNOT PROVIDE THE SHARES because of the capital requirements for GME and they are borrowing from the banks.  This is creating a liquidity problem that can affect the entire market. Buy them out and then buy on brokers like Fidelity that do not have a clearing house.  This is why they stopped allowing GME to be bought but you could still sell it because they wanted to save their own asses.  Everyone here managed to     so hard that caused the price to stop falling and the BID/ASK price to increase drastically.  I am buying and holding.          GME to the moon           I have 15 shares @ $  (not much I know but I am gonna reload asap) and I am planning to sell 10%-20% at $10k and hold to sell the rest of my position at $42,      EDIT:  I should have made it more clear, for people that are asking about what to do if they do the same halt on buys, use brokers that do not rely on clearing house like Fidelity
Most of you may have deleted Robinhood, but they are now allowing buying 5 GME's
TLDR:   You may be allowed to buy/hold upto 5 GME shares on Robinhood  I have never seen anyone tell me, "You can only buy and hold up to X shares of this company".  Robinhood writes,  Opening new positions in the securities listed in the table below is currently allowed, but limited. For more context about the decision to limit these securities, read our       Edit: Missed the rockets
4d chess
Hear me out! These shorts were able to manipulate the drop yesterday, yes? They created panic by pulling some strings with their rh buddies. They saw the power of these rallies was not just a Reddit thing- but had spread worldwide. During the blackout, they were able to take off a great amount of their positions, and re adjust them long. Now they will ride em up with us, take their profit and ride it back down.   Good news for us is : the rally will be even stronger !   See you all on Saturn retards!
What you can do to bring down the share float and further the Short Squeeze!
Here to tell you how scared the Wall St. bullies really are because of this revolution of ours:  First of all, Diamond Hands: Hold on to your GME shares. Do not sell. Not selling will obviously reduce the float of available shares in the market, so when the shorts do cover, they have to buy the same shares Again, and Again and Again to cover their 120 percent short positions. The short is 120 percent of total shares outstanding. Mind you, that the float is much much lower than o/s shares due to activist investors like Burry and Cohen. When the shorts cover, may have to buy upto 5 to 6 times the float to fully exit their positions, according to some of my Analyst friends. When that happens, it will no longer be about hundreds of dollars, but much much more. Hold on until then.  Call your brokers up and ask them to NOT lend your shares short. This artificially reduces float and will absolutely murder the shorts on payday.  Now that we're at Brokers. Lads, quit Robinhood and get a better broker. There are many brokers that aren't licking Citadel's arse. Some of my American friends can help with a list in the comments.   To those who have options expiring today or anytime soon, DO NOT SELL. EXERCISE THESE OPTIONS IF YOU CAN, AND HOLD THE SHARES. Call up your broker and tell them you'd like to exercise your options. They will be legally obligated to deliver you your shares then, which will, again, reduce float.   Anything that reduces float shoves a rod up the Hedgies arse. This is a defining moment in Financial History. Buy. Hold. Be a part.  Edit: I'm a retard. Not a financial advisor. I love the stock.
at premarket - sign from the Stonk Gods
Get ready for tomorrow lads, its gonna be the showdown of the fucking century
#GME42069 - The Official Hashtag of Our Limit Sell
Guys, we need to hold but I know that we’re all in here to get nice returns at the end of the day. And that means that different people will have different expectations for the pop. But there’s A WAY WE CAN ALL A CHUNK. Do it for the boys who bought at all time highs with their Wendy’s paycheck when we all stared at the screen, hoping for the price to go up more than it was dropping. I know there were fighters out there, doing that good fight for the people.  We should get a hashtag going on Twitter that you post your limit sells. If this thing goes viral, people will know that the people have collectively set their stop losses to x (let’s just use $42,069 for example or   for you British fucks)  Imagine #GME42069 trending on Twitter. You click on it, and it’s just goddam WALL of 42069s.  IF SHIT COINS CAN GO UP 700% THRU MARKETING AND VIRAL CULTURE THAN WE CAN SQUEEZE THIS FUCKER
Decentralization
I know you guys don't like the topic and I also know that I'm gonna be wrecked by some of you but, I believe that due to what happened with Robinhood you all need to know this.  In the realm of innovation, there's a God (DEXs - Decentralized Exchanges) that allows you to trade (innovative assets / tokens) 24/7 and can never, and I mean never, due to its decentralized nature, prevent you guys from performing your trades! You should at least give them a look. The major one right now is   as it gives a glance about it.   This is not shilling or anything like that! It's just a reminder that, as you could see with Robinhood, centralized structures are NOT the future and decentralization is where the power returns to the people. Doubts? I believe you all know torrent files...   Even though this particular setor is like Voldemort to you, there's a lot of innovation and disruptive markets been created on it and one of them, maybe the most hyped and important one is decentralized finance or Defi. Just get familiarized with it.     You guys started something unique and powerful. If you want to take it to the next level, instead of beating the fuckers on their own the game (that's rigged as you can tell), just change the fucking game to where you and I, the normal people, have the advantage!  I also like the stock! I'm just making a point about decentralization!
Hook vs. Pan (WSB)
Shares can be traded on IBKR this morning pre-market
Shut up and take my money
NYSE is Corrupt and Fraudulent. We need a FREE market!!!
We need to get off this exchange, they should be barred from ever holding equities and securities. The amount of fraud that happens when this fucking exchange opens is unlike anything on the planet.  How does anybody trust these fucking crooks? They've robbed economies for decades, 4-5 recessions now because these crooks don't play fair. We need a FREE market where one company can't HALT and STOP people from buying or selling when it's going against them.   POWER TO THE PLAYER, I'M HOLDING TO ZERO. I'm HOLDING UNTIL THE LAST RETAILER SELLS at   HOLD!!!!!!
JUST A REMINDER: Shorts don't have an expiration date!
Hedgefund whales are spreading disinfo saying Friday is make-or-break for $GME. Call options expiring ITM on Friday will drive the price up if levels are maintained, but  may not trigger the short squeeze .   It may be Friday, but it could be next week the we see the real squeeze.   #DON'T PANIC IF THE SQUEEZE DOESN'T HAPPEN FRIDAY.   It's not guaranteed to. The only thing that is  guaranteed  mathematically is that the shorts  will have to cover  at  some  point in the future. They are trying to get enough people hooked on the   false expectation   of Friday so that if/when it doesn't happen, enough will sell out of panic/despair.   DON'T BE THAT PERSON.     #WE LIKE THE STOCK   #KEEP HOLDING UNTIL THEY FEEL THE PAIN, WHETHER THAT'S FRIDAY OR NEXT WEEK   #5,000+  🏻  .　　　　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　   　 　　　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\ 　　　　　　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　 　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　　　　　　　 　 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ 　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　,　　   　   .　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　ﾟ　  　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　☀️　　.   ,　　　　　　　.　　　　　　    　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　  　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　    　      　　　　　        　　　   　　　　　　　　　　. 　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　   　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　    ✦ 　   　　　,　　　　　　　　　　　      　　　　 　　,　　　 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　 　　 　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　           　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　˚　　　 　   　　　　,　　　　　　　　　　　       　    　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　  　　    　　　　　 　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\  　　   　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　　　　         　        　　　　 　　 　　　　　　　 　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　    　　. 　 　　　　　.　　　　   　　　　　   　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　   　   ˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　ﾟ　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　 　 🌎 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ,　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\  .　　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　   　 　　　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\ 　　　　　　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.  credit to u/OurLordOfWar
Les Mis - One Day More - Every Man Will Be A King (Full with Sound in Comments)
Rocket Stonk
Short sellers for gme have massive roadblocks every 5 or 10 dollars. If the stock plummets, THAT JUST MEANS ITS AT A DISCOUNTED PRICE
A local news paper this morning in Amsterdam. Everybody is talking about us
Holding despite the blatant market manipulation.. adding 10000 more shares at market open
Attention on deck! This is for you new people...
Art by Beeple : topical and lit 🔥
Robinhood to allow limited buying of restricted stocks Friday
LETS MAKE OUR OWN EXCHANGE WITH HOOKERS AND BLOW
Autistic idea but I’m serious. Robinhood is manipulating the market for their corporate overlords, stocks are being bought and sold after-hours when us poor people can’t and now they’re trying to fuck us even more by forcing GME shutdown.  We’ve shown that we can pool our resources to incredible amounts, why don’t we create a platform with distributed ownership (like a cooperative) for investing? We could crowdsource the funds to create a Robinhood-like application, except with hard rules against institutional investment and/or ownership. Fundraising could distribute the company’s initial members, with every stake restricted so no one person can seize control. Executives could be elected annually from the individual owners.  We probably have 100k MBAs, 100k lawyers and 100k Software Engineers reading every post that pops up on WSB right now. If we just organized, we can put a dent in the financial universe (as we’ve seen with GAMESTOP BABYYYYY).  The fight doesn’t end here. We can build our own platform with full transparency and allow individuals to support companies they believe in, without continuously being at risk of manipulation. What autists are with me?  TL;DR fk robinhood lets make our own but better.  Edit: Alright enough hounds are down I think we can do this  We’ve got MBAs and finance gurus (never knew exchange =! Brokerage woah) on the LINEEE now lets start organizing  Subscribe to: r/DeepWSB And i’ll be figuring out how we can all communicate and start CHANGING THE WORLD BABY
REAL DIRECT Link between Robinhood and atleast one hedge fund that lost money short selling
So Bloomberg reports D1 Capital Partners has lost 20% of its 20 billion dollar portfolio. That's 4 billion dollars you guys congratulations! Link to this: . Now they lost their money because they were shorting AMC. While Robinhood banned buying of GME yesterday and we all lost our minds it also banned the buying of AMC, allowing this hedge fund to exit it's short positions without enough trouble.      If you read the holdings page for D1 capital it says that these firms are not required to disclose their short positions in their 13F. THIS IS MASSIVE! The hedge funds collude on what positions to short as they tend to short similar stocks.        Another interesting 13F is from Woodline partners which was founded by Citadel Alum:  . Look how it says -100% for AMC and NOK, suggesting to me that they might have started shorting these companies.     Anyway howw does this all relate to Robinhood and its investors?? So it turns out 1/3rd of the money owned by D1 capital is invested in Private companies. It bought shares in robinhood in leading its series G for atleast 200 million dollars:       THIS IS IT! D1 Capital has stakes both in Robinhood and in atleast one short trade in AMC possibly more. They used their board position to force Robinhood's hand to shut down these shares to be bought so that their prices come crashing and D1 capital can exit its positions. Don't let this thread die. We need to upvote for visibility to SEC and Investigators.     TL;DR D1 Capital has a board member in Robinhood and atleast a 200 million dollar stake. D1 Capital was shorting AMC and losing 4 billion dollars in such trade. D1 Capital is CROOKED AF this is insane and so blatant but i guess for 4 billion dollars u gotta risk it all   Edit: forgot to add       for my positions  5 gme 24 dollar calls exp 2/19 and 100 shares still holding! Cant stop wont stop game stop
I don't blink. I am the lizard king. Last post was removed, I don't know why. Think I dropped too many F bombs. My bad. FIZZ update 28 Jan 21 v2
Open letter to DFV - Please don't sell GME
DFV you legend you have been anointed whether you like it or not. You are bigger than Michael Burry, Elon Musk, AOC, Barstool or anyone else involved. You made it, for being an undirect activist and will go down in history. Your 50 Mill is so secured you don't even know. If GME were to ever drop (which it never will because this is a new movement) your fame and notoriety can make you so much more than that... Even from a gay ass Gofundme or whatever, WSB and the people outside will support you. Please don't sell, your an activist and name will live on in history, its much more than 50 million. GME BB NOK AMC Love these stocks let it bang baby!
Before elevating someone to god status bc they tweeted something in defense of wsb
Check them out. I see Marc Cohodes on the fp bc he said he had some evidence on Citadel. He may very well have something but if this is the same Marc Cohodes from Rocker Partners from 10+ yrs ago, he was doing some dirty with journalists front running trades as well as engaging in naked short selling. Big fight with Patrick Byrne, ex ceo of overstock, who sued them and won. Byrne has since gone off the deep end but I think he was on the right side of history on this one. Anyways, just saying to check the person who you're rallying.
Elon musk pushes uncenosorable money (again)
Limits on how many stock and options robinhood allows you to hold .
Know Thy Enemy: Kenneth C. Griffin, the Barbarian Behind the Gates of the Citadel
Привет идиоты,  I have returned to inflict more psychic damage upon you about the sick fucks that make up the worldwide disease that is Big Capital. Today, I would like to talk to you about  .  Now unless you have been living under a fucking rock for the past week or have drank yourself to the point of amnesia for one reason or another (forgivable), you are probably by now at least vaguely aware of what Citadel does and how it relates to current events surrounding GameStop and WSB's new favorite hedge fund, Melvin Capital.   Seeing as how there's a few million more of you here now than there were last month when I was emptying the contents of the bowl of oatmeal that is my brain on these pages about  , let's do a quick recap. I do hope you take the time to read the full posts, because you may learn something interesting.        =             1.  The markets and the flow of capital around the world are rife with financial crime.  1. The vast majority of this crime is perpetrated by large institutions like Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase, and Deutsche Bank. Some of this crime takes the form of laundering money for drug cartels, terrorists, pedophiles, and sex traffickers. Some of it involves manipulation of the markets.  1. The regulators in charge of dealing with these fucks are utterly spineless, to the point that any honest person must wonder out loud if they're in on it and getting a take. This phenomenon is known as   and is a particularly insidious form of political corruption.  1. The CIA, since its inception in 1947, has acted as a sort of parallel government within the broader United States government, and has been the primary ideological engine of its foreign policy through its ties to Big Capital. That foreign policy has always kept the interests of business as its top priority. One might even call this the Deep State.   #Who is Ken Griffin?  Ken Griffin is the absolute epitome of the archetypal scumfuck egomaniac asshole that embodies everything that is wrong with the ultra-rich class of Big Capital. Ahem, sorry. Let's try that again.  Ken Griffin started his career out as a    at the age of 19 while an undergraduate at Harvard, shorting the convertible bonds market and making a bunch of money off of the    He lives in Chicago, but that's not very important. I will note that Chicago has been a historically CIA rat-infested city, as evidenced by the group of   sitting Senator allowed to hold that position? Yuck.   #The Ken Griffin Real Estate Portfolio  (Disclaimer: Griffin may not still own every property in this section and I don't care to find out which, if any, he has divested himself from, because frankly, the levels of opulence make me feel fucking sick. Also, if this is considered d0xxing or something because some of these may be personal residences, I will remove them upon request. This is all publicly available information, though.)      in Chicago, Illinois -- luxury high rise with residential units, office space, and retail stores     in Chicago, Illinois -- penthouse unit    , New York City, New York -- overlooking Central Park in Manhattan     in Aspen, Colorado     in Kailua-Kona, Hawaii         in Miami, Florida     in Palm Beach, Florida     in London, England -- former home of Charles de Gaulle, former President of France     in New York City, New York -- a four-floor penthouse and two adjacent apartments on the 20th floor     in Sout , New York -- purchased from Calvin Klein     Star Island, Miami Beach, Florida  #The Ken Griffin Art Portfolio  Many of the pieces listed here are not held personally by Griffin, but are loaned out to institutions like the Museum of Modern Art in New York and the Art Institute of Chicago. For the extreme smoothbrains among you, the reason Griffin blows giant bags on horrible pieces of art and puts them on public display is so that he can use them as tax writeoffs.  Herein lies the part where you may call me a conspiracy theorist if you please, but I think Griffin's art portfolio is indicative of some type of covert relationship with the intelligence agencies. I sincerely do not believe that any person can reach these strata of society without at least brushing elbows with some glowies. The most expensive pieces in his collection come from the school of art known as   during the Cold War. The idea was that the Soviets would see the wacky vomitus that people like Jackson Pollock would spew all over a canvas as an expression of the ideals of freedom and individuality and break free of the bonds of Communism.      by Jasper Johns. Housed at the MoMA, purchased by Griffin for $80 million.     by Paul Cézanne. Housed at the Whitney Museum of American Art in New York. Purchased by the previous buyer at auction for $  million -- Griffin's purchase price is not known.     by Paul Cézanne. I think this is the correct one. He did a whole bunch of these over the course of his life. Price unknown.     by Claude Monet. He did like 250 of these, this is the one that comes up when searching it with the year of the one Griffin is known to own, 1905. Price unknown.     by Edgar Degas. On display at the Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum in Madrid, Spain     by Edgar Degas. An extraordinarily ugly wax sculpture on display at the National Gallery of Art in Washington,      . Recall that Epstein is highly suspected of being some type of intelligence asset tasked with blackmailing rich scumbags by anyone who has studied his story closely.     by Jackson Pollock. More abstract expression trash, also purchased from David Geffen for $200 million.  #How does Citadel spend its money?  Good question! They buy politicians. Remember regulatory capture? Here's Citadel doing just that: current Secretary of the Treasury, former Chair of the Federal Reserve, and sentient potato woman Janet Yellen took more than   from various other financial institutions including Goldman Sachs and Citigroup between her stints at the Fed and at Treasury. What do we think? Is she just such an enrapturing speaker that she's worth every penny? Or is she getting a kickback for helping to deregulate financial markets and a bribe to look the other way when short sellers and market makers collude to shut retail traders out of the market en masse, like they did yesterday with GME?  They also buy stakes in distressed hedge funds, apparently. Remember the    There's also this, on the topic of Melvin Capital and pedophiles and sex traffickers: Melvin Capital's 5th largest long holding is a company called L Brands, which is the parent of Victoria's Secret and Bath & Body Works. Victoria's Secret, as seasoned Jeffrey Epstein gumshoes will know, was founded by one  , would supply models to Victoria's Secret through his agency MC2 Model Management. Basically, what I'm saying is that Melvin Capital, and now Citadel by extension, are long sex trafficking pedophiles.  #How can I poke this asshole in the eye?  It seems like there's two big things you can do to     The first is to    GME. The institutions are clearly scared shitless at how much blowback is coming their way or they wouldn't be taking such drastic measures to try to tip the scales in the favor of the shorts at the expense of everyone else. Turn off share lending in your brokerage if you can and still haven't.  The second is to transfer your assets out of Robinhood yesterday and graduate to a big boy brokerage. Citadel Securities (remember, this is the market maker, not the hedge fund)  . You can bet that this has at least a little to do with the influx of Robinhooders pressing the market order button on their phones and letting Citadel front run their orders while Robinhood gives them a garbage fill.  ##TLDR: Ken Griffin final boss. Citadel bad. Robinhood bad. GME go up. Stop FOMOing into other dumb shit and stick to the plan.
Imagine being a multi millioner hedgefund manager, dedicating your life to the stock market, only to be beaten by this lots of retards.
BB   🏽 WERE IN THIS TOGETHER BOYS, HOLD TO THE MOON!
Why are we ignoring GOEV?
GOEV has been one of the most shorted SPAC’s pre-merger and is continuing on that same path post merger. They have multiple products, a real team, a real plan, multiple partnerships, possible deals with rise sharing, some of the more optimistic are guessing even Apple, they have been validated by Apple as Apple wanted to buy them out. Obviously they’ve got a lot going for them but Wall Street has been vigorously shorting this stock long before it even started trading as GOEV. Why are we ignoring one of the most blatantly over shorted EV stock?          Positions: 1000 shares
Did TDA glitch out, or did the price drop to $193 immediately after I bought more shares at 7:59PM? Any help is appreciated.
SERIOUS: Don’t get left bag holding $GME options that your broker can’t deliver, early exercise your contracts
Do you have $GME contacts expiring today that you are definitely going to exercise? If so, call your broker (sorry if your amateur ass broker defaulted on their cricket wireless bill and no longer supports phone calls) and tell them you want to exercise the option immediately.  They will give you lots of warnings that the stock could fall below the exercise price and you should wait until close. If you’re absolutely sure $GME isn’t going to drop below the strike price, agree to exercise early.   This means two things happen: 1. Your contract will get executed even if the market completely shits the bed at closing. 2. Your early exercise will help reduce the float of available shares, furthering the squeeze.   Disclaimers - only do this for options expiring today.  - I don’t own any $GME but I love watching you win, see my post history for positions. - This is not investment advice. This is how to further fuck over the shorts advice. - Elon made me millions, I want to help him get revenge on the shorts.  - Fuck Robinhood, fuck IBKR, fuck the SEC, fuck Ted Cruz a little less than usual.
THESE ARE THE SHORTS, BE INFORMED     "GIVE THEM NOTHING, TAKE FROM THEM EVERYTHING"
SOME DD TO EASE THE WORRY, WE MUST HOLD UNTIL THESE SHORTS ARE SQUASHED. BELOW YOU CAN SEE GME OPTIONS CHAINS FOR DIFFERENT STRIKES AND HOW THEY ARE PUSHING TO GET SHARE PRICE LOW TO WIN.  I LIKE THIS STONK. SO I WILL HOLD  THIS IS THE WAY  TODAY      Processing img 43hgm8h22ce61...   OTHER DATES   Processing img 0d9kduky1ce61...       Processing img u5car8fy1ce61...    Processing img 8oovax8y1ce61...   (this is not financial advice, i am merely an autist, take everything you read on the internet with a lump of salt)
Serious Question About Liquidity
I watched this interview with the CEO of WeBull talking about how the real reason trades were haled is because the clearinghouse would not have enough money to make the sale. Obviously he's BSing a lot throughout the interview but he raised a good point. So when GME goes to $1000+ what would happen when you try to sell? The little guys won't get paid and the Melvin Capitals just get a bailout.     Link to interview:
Careful. They're getting serious about going after us and shutting us down
Shorts are winning on other tickers because everyone focused on a few.
I know im going to get hate for this and I fully support everyone making money but you guys are not killing hedgefunds. Your making hedgefunds money too. Blackrock and Scion capital in particular. TSLA is being shorted by Scion and Burry is making money there too.   I think people got the point. can you guys go back to starting to stop shorts from making money from the rest of the market? I worked hard to build my portfolio and have been an avid follower of WSB but is this going to continue. I and like all other WSBers spend time to dig through SEC filings, market trends,  do research to support, do fundamental analysis and learn technical analysis. Is the point to get it to $1000 PT or get governments to level the playing field for us retail investors?    We have media attention and the governments attention too. We have knocked two hedgefunds out with 100% losses and what it means to be short squeezed. because these were shorted does it mean that the funds or people aren't shorting other tickers? look at apple, Microsoft, MT, Tesla and almost every other ticker, shorts are making money.   Now it should be time to pressure governments to change shorting laws so this doesn't happen again. Can I ask you guys to please go and support the other tickers?
Shout out to everyone who bought right before close today.
How is it NOT a VALUE Play When the Upside is INFINITE?
To infinity and beyond!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               . . .    🌕 (meh, nothing here) ...                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             🌞 (hot, hot, hot)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    🌌                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     🌌                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           🌌                                                                                                                                                                                                                              🌌             🌌    . . .    ♾️     (But seriously, I love you guys, have a good weekend).
Okay, we're above $115 and the markets closed
When 4:00 came and GME finished above $320
Capitalistic Version of a Re-distribution of Wealth
I think we all know there’s been a major change over the past years wherein The People have been pushing for a more fair and equal country and world. There’s been support for versions of socialism, that some may or may not agree with, primarily because people want to be cared for and live in a just, non-corrupt world where each individual has equal opportunities to prosperity.   Going back to the beginning of human-kind: when there is an absence of leadership or care for the citizens of a tribe, The People always find a way to fight back for themselves.   I personally believe there’s been a lack of effective leadership for awhile in the world. We have wanted a more equitable world and, at least in America, there hasn’t yet been an effective way to reverse income inequality. Now, while our current situation maybe isn’t the end-all, it is so incredible to me because we are seeing The People fight back for themselves.  The governments of the world have seemingly pushed back on the redistribution of concentrated wealth via a more socialistic agenda. So what did this r/wallstreetbets community do? Utilized the tools (capitalism) at our current disposal to trigger a redistribution of wealth, from Hedge Funds that bet against our economy  to the everyday retail investor .   I truly hope this is a new day in the world. Where we can take issues into our own hands and solve problems and become more unified. Not only are we seeing major gains for the retail investor but a huge empathetic use of said gains; I love seeing all these donations to good causes like autism research, for example.   I hope everyone keeps making tendies. GLTA
Today’s threshold (not financial advice)
Looking at options chains with 0DTE, it looks like the next big threshold to cross is $320. I expect that if we end today above that price, we’ll see a big bump in AH trading.      The volume of nearly 15k calls expiring today means that if we end the day where we currently are, $325 at the time of this post, we can expect volume to spike as those are all exercised. So long as we can stay at this level, there’s going to be another nice green day for all the   🏻 on Monday.   Here’s to tendies for all, I’ll see you in Valhalla        Obligatory: this is not financial advice. I just really like this stock
Top 10 GameStop share holders according to the most recent disclosed positions
Short Squeeze deez nuts
I wrote you guys a love song <3
They’re limiting SRNE now !
Common Sense Regulation by a Retard Because CNBC Guests Won't Talk About It
I have had CNBC up 24/7 to watch the shitshow happen on there. I know I shouldn't be to support our boi u/deepfuckingvalue, but I gotta know how the opposition is looking. The common thread among most of the supporters of big money is this: "Let the SEC figure out how to regulate this. I don't want to comment." Even AOC's stream, including her guests, wouldn't say anything. I think it's very important we voice our opinion on this. We need to let regulators know what WE want. If you disagree, you can downvote. That's the great thing about this. I have 10 years of game design experience and at the end of the day, Wall Street is a game with rules, so I felt like I could give us a voice here. So let's make the rules a bit more fair and less broken.  So my policy idea is simple:   Cash-Secured Shorts  .  Puts are cash secured. Why shouldn't shorts be? Unlimited downside is monumentally stupid. We've seen that concept broken down with this play. So how would this work? Simple:  When someone places a short, they have to set a max cash loss with it. This amount is cash secured and set aside so long as your short is live. This can be either done as a monetary value or a stop loss style tool.  If you want to sell options into that, you can, but if your stop loss triggers, the option is market purchased back. Much like a Margin Call. The short can still lose more than the cash secured amount, but it will be small enough to account for. It won't have infinite downside and will constrict mass short selling.  Benefits:  1. This allows short sellers to bet down without letting them do naked shorts with insane leverage. 2. There will never be a solvency issue with shorts again. At least not from shorts. 3. Short-based market manipulation will become much, much harder.  Cons:  1. This does not solve over-trading the float (which is not the problem). You can still get 140% float with shorts. At least it'll be cash secured. 2. Short selling strategies will become much more limiting, due to having to put up collateral. 3. Short squeezes can still occur and will be far easier to trigger this way. I think this will make short sellers think twice about trades they make and the 140% problem will go away. 4. It takes a little bit of work for brokerages to build a new system to change the way shorts are traded. 5. Education will have to happen. Fortunately it's usually only big money that shorts, so they'll figure it out fast.  From a user experience perspective, this isn't a difficult addition to their system. Cash secured puts are already in place, so the monetary hold can be reused. They will have to add a new bar that incorporates a selection tool for their cash secured value.  This is more complex UI than just allowing a straight sale of a shorted stock, but it's only one row. They can manage that in any brokerage app/system.  I believe my system will save the market from ever experiencing another short-based solvency issue. Margin can still be traded into shorts, but that becomes hedged by the people offering the margin, thus still keeping everything cash secured.  If you have anything you'd like to add to this or correct, feel free. Let's give the regulators something to work off of. Many don't seem to even know how this system works, so we can't leave it up to big money to "teach" them what they need to do to fix this. We'll end up getting screwed in the name of "retail protection".  If anyone can help share this, please do. I don't have Twitter. I think getting this upvoted will spread the idea and I'm hoping Youtubers and other people spread it or at least discuss it.  HOLD GME!
HOLDD YOU BUNCH OF APES
WSB Peoples Revolutionary Army carries its Battle Standard against the Hedge Lords
Dough currently has no restrictions on GME/AMC/NOK
HOLD ON BOYS THE NEXT HOUR AND A HALF WILL BE A WHILE RIDE
AS MANY OF YOU KNOW THERE ARE CONTRACTS THAT EXPIRE TODAY AT   $115. THE HEDGE FUNDS WILL DO EVERYTHING THEY CAN TO TRY TO DRIVE THE STOCK DOWN TO THAT PRICE TO SAVE THEIR ASSES.    How are they going to do that because some of you retards still dont know? They are going to trade the stock in low volumes at rapid speeds to   MAKE IT SEEM LIKE THE STOCK IS LOSING VALUE  . BUT IT IS NOT LOSING VALUE. The volumes that the hedgefunds are trading at are a .000X% of gamestops overall volume. They want you to be scared and sell your stock so that they will win. DO NOT FUCKING SELL DO NOT LET THE HEDGES WIN. HOLD WE WILL MAKE HISTORY. HOLD AND WE WILL WIN. DO NOT SELL YOUR FUCKING SHARES. AND BUY THE DIP.
Filing a Lawsuit Against Robinhood
I will be filing a lawsuit against Robinhood.   I had 2 GME $115 call options expiring today. They were, obviously, very in the money. I was holding and watching the latest short attack play out, when my options were sold and executed at the lowest point they were today.   Like all Robinhood customers, I received an email today at 1:28pm stating that they may exercise or sell options expiring today due to market volatility.   My options were sold at 2:22pm (I am aware of Robinhood's 3:00pm cutoff time to sell, this was different).   This is blatant market manipulation and my options were illegally sold without my consent.     News organizations: feel free to contact me.     EDIT: Screenshot -    EDIT 2: I did not buy on margin. I had the cash to cover one of the calls earlier today in case I exercised, but instead chose to buy a call option for next Friday. I got the email about them having the ability to do this right after buying that option, so I was stuck.     EDIT 3  : Class action firm I'm using -
I know this is mentally draining watching the price go up and down.
Remember years ago our fellow comrade Elon Musk had two companies SpaceX and Tesla on a brink of collapse? He has held on to those companies as he believed in them. Look at him now, look at those two companies being at top of their game. Tesla bringing us into the electric world and SpaceX taking us to another world soon called Mars.  Just like every single one of us is believing in the short squeeze, we hold our shares, its mentally draining, its fun and not so fun at the same time. If we look past the horizon we can see the tendies rising like the sun in the morning, these are our tendies within a hand reach. So hold the fuck on to your GME shares like there is no tomorrow.  TLDR: Hold 🤚🏼    This is not a financial advise, I am not a financial advisor, I am writing up a sci-fi post. Do what you wish with your shares and investments.
The Short Squeeze has not begun.
So here’s the deal, GME shorts are going to try and push the price down pretty hard before market close but don’t sell, the gamma squeeze won’t happen until after today’s close. The short squeeze is not happening until after the gamma squeeze pushes the price up of GME to serious margin call levels, that’s when the hedge funds who are shorting the stock must cover their margin calls, hence the the short squeeze begins.  For all the people who can’t read: HOLD THEN STONKS GO UP NEXT WEEK!
CURRENTLY 33 MILLION SHARES TRADED AS OF 2   THEY ARE DRIVING THE STOCK DOWN ARTICIFICALLY. LOWEST VOLUME IN A LONG TIME
Tdameritrade fuckery continues
My GME bullish put credit calendar spreads. Tested with varying IV, profitable whatever way it goes. Still holding stonks tho.
STONK WARS: REVENGE OF THE DEGENERATES All credit to u/Michael_For_you (he asked me to upload)
If the market crashes now, they'll try to blame it on us
I just saw a news article that said if GME continues to rise it could cause losses to brokers and force hedge funds to sell other securities to raise cash.  It said this may "ripple through the financial markets".  Keep kicking their asses guys, but just be ready- if things go down then they will be the first fuckers on CNBC telling your grandma that her retirement disappeared because some retards tried to take everyone's money.  The game is rigged and they'll milk this for everything they can.
At the doctor's today
This one is for the
Consider hedging your non - YOLO accounts. If we accidentally set off a market correction now you have the opportunity to mitigate risk.
Look, I get GME is exciting, my own f5 button is getting worn, but consider if these large hedge funds have to liquidate and we get a snowball effect hitting the broader market. Every day we see various analysts screeching about bubbles and market tops and while it is easy to ignore them remember we are up significantly compared to a year ago despite lockdown etc.  If you have an account full of boring boomer stuff like actual shares of SPY and so on listen up. If you're in for the long run you probably don't need to worry but if you might need the money in the not too distant future at least consider hedging with some OTM puts on SPY or some other index. These obviously need to be long dated, ideally 12+ months out. Don't devote too much, perhaps 1-2%. See it as plunge protection. It might not cover the entire drop and chances are they'll just lose value but if we do set off something wider here you might walk away happier.  As usual, not financial advice but at least bear it in mind and decide whether it is worth it or not.  Position: OTM put on local index (Europoor checking in) about 15% off current level equivalent to 1% of invested funds
Can we wargame the hedge funds?
TLDR; Strictly for entertainment purposes, imagine you're running a hedge fund that shorted a meme stock and got caught, and are now facing an existential crisis. What do you do over the next 4 days?  If you follow military history or are vaguely aware of how most militaries operate, you've likely heard of Wargaming. Basically it's the rather simple concept of getting some smart people, and putting them on the "Red Team" to pretend to be the bad guys. You then fight a pretend battle so you're ultimately prepared for what the bad guys might do to you in real life.  For entertainment, let's put ourselves in the minds of an imaginary hedge fund called Poopron. You're on the ropes and got caught doing naked shorts on TendieStop Inc (TME). There's a very real chance you lose your 4 Bentleys, your wife Karen runs away with some internet retard, Chloe and Madison get kicked out of prep school and have to go to some icky public school, and a nonzero chance you're hauled in front of congress and maybe even sent to Club Fed. You're a raging tiger and you've been backed into a corner.  At your disposal, you still have a few billion dollars of funds you can deploy. You've got friends in high places (CNBC, Congress, other funds, market regulators, other monied aristocrats, lawyers, etc.) You're a bit worried that there's a big spotlight on you, but even worse is the threat of having to sell the houses in Aspen and Greenwich, and the apartment in Paris, and having to vacation in Myrtle Beach and eat at Hooters like some kind of fucking savage. Weekend is coming up so you've got some time to lay traps for those crazy internet wackos on SmallStreetBets. What do you do?
WSB vs Hedge Funds
"Wow. 17 lawsuits against @RobinhoodApp halt of #GME @GameStop share buying have been filed since yesterday AM, according to a quick search of the @CourthouseNews database. Proposed class action claims range from breach of contract and consumer fraud to negligence"
Stephen Weiss of Short Hills Capital Partners Says He Owns GME puts
According to the CNBC halftime report he said this was not a revolution, but a 'load of crap'. He also said he owns GME puts.   Maybe he's right about the revolution bit, maybe he's not. Depends on the diamond hands. But fuck him anyway! I'm cashing out my RIDE position and buying GME. I was a paperhands bitch back in December when I sold GME for a measly 30% gain. Rejoining the fray only to stand strong with all of you beautiful idiots.  Edit: 5 shares at   Moving around some money to scale in more.
ATTENTION: $GME option traders with short calls or short puts (or even long puts) that expire today (even as part of a spread) Please be careful holding them through the close. What you think expired worthless could get exercised post closing if there is a big move afterhours
WSB AMA - LIVE NOW
AMA is now closed. Thank you to all the questions asked and answered. If you are a member of the media and still have more questions, please email   we will have another AMA soon for those who still have more questions.
What is the rationale for 10k, 20k?
I'm trying to understand these numbers being thrown around. Don't really have skin in the game, just curious.   1. Does anyone know what entry price these short positions are being held at?  2. Have the large shorts already been closed out? If some other fund took its place, then they will not be squeezed no?   3. The assumption here is that the squeeze would drive the price up eventually. But there is a finite supply of money that these positions can use to buy back. I'm pretty sure they cannot afford to buy back at 20k per share, so who exactly is going to be doing this buying?
No, Robinhood, Webull, and other brokers who limited buying yesterday are not colluding. This is the real reason behind brokers restricting buying $GME, $AMC, etc.
I know this is an unpopular opinion because the optics make it appear that the brokers all out to protect the shorts and stick the bill on the little guys, classic David vs Goliath. So what actually is happening?    TLDR  ; The DTC raised collateral limits to settle certain stock transactions from 1-3% to 100% for the 2 days held in escrow, which trickled down to clearing houses which don’t have the capital to clear the current trading volume at 100% collateral, so clearing houses restricted buying of those stocks to prevent themselves going under. Clearing houses are securing loans to bridge the gap and once additional capital is secured, will re-admit buying of those restricted stocks, including our beloved $GME.                                           What is the DTC?  The Depository Trust Company is the bee’s knees. Back in the day when you bought a stock, you were given a piece of paper, like a $10 bill in your wallet, to certify that you have cleared payment of the stock and are now the rightful owner. This was all fine and dandy in the olden days when there far were fewer traders and even fewer companies to trade, but pesky humans just love to continue to invent new things, especially computers.  Can you imagine trying to trade stocks today still backed by pieces of paper? It just isn’t feasible. So in the early 1970s a digital solution was devised; enter the DTC.  The DTC is the record keeper of who owns what, and they certify >95% of all trades on the market. They are the ones who certify that /u/DeepFuckingValue (aka the God of WSB) actually owns the 50,000 shares he paid for a year ago and ensured whomever sold him those 50,000 shares got paid for them.  Watch the video:    DTC guarantees that if you sell a share, you will be paid for selling that share. Very important fundamental service provided.                                           The two sides of the trade.  Whenever a trade happens there are two sides; the customer side and the street side (yes, the Wall Street). Brokers (Robinhood, e-trade, etc.) represent the customer side of the trade and the market makers represent the street side. When you place an order to buy a share from your broker, they in turn go to their Market Maker(s) to make the trade. The MM, after verifying things appears kosher, then sends the order to their clearing firm to begin settling the trade. In order to settle the trade with the DTC, the clearing firm is required to pay the DTC somewhere between 1%-3% of the notional value of the trade to be held as collateral in escrow for \~2 business days until the trade is settled. The clearing firm submits the trade to the DTC who certifies the trade and facilitates the final transaction and release of funds.  1. /u/DeepFuckingValue buys 50,000 shares @ $5/share ($250,000) 2. Robinhood places order with their MM, Citadel (they bailed out Melvin with $2,750,000,000) who then communicates this order with the stock exchange the security is listed on 3. Citadel sends order to Apex (clearing house for Robinhood, Webull, Tastyworks, SoFi, Ally, and most of the newer app-based trading startups) 4. Apex sends trade to the DTC along with 2% collateral ($5,000) 5. Two days later the DTC says the trade is good and settles the transaction 6. The seller is paid $250,000 and /u/DeepFuckingValue is given his 50,000 shares. Brokers basically front the cash to make it all official during the 2 day settling period and your transaction shows in your account already even though it technically hasn’t yet settled.                                           So what happened on Thursday when buying became restricted?     The DTC, and consequently some clearing houses, for certain stocks raised their collateral requirements from \~2% to 100%. You read that right. If the collateral to buy 50,000 shares @ $5/share ($250k) was 2% ($5k), it was now raised to $250k. That means for every single buy order (from Robinhood, Webull, etc.) running through their clearing house was required to front 100% of the notional value to their clearing house, Apex, and have it sit there in escrow for 2 business days.   Well look at the trade volume on $GME, it was averaging \~70M/day this past week before Apex’s buying restriction. If we assume half that daily volume was buy orders, 35,000,000 trades \  x shares per trade \  $$$/share = billions. Clearing houses simply are not equipped to front these levels of cash at 100% collateral, so buying was forcibly restricted.  It’s important to note that there is no collateral required on the other side of the deal, to sell a share, collateral is only required on the buy side. This is why you could still sell your share but not buy additional shares.  Another note about the clearing firms is, once trades that happened two days ago settle, the funds used for collateral become available to them again and if their risk models allow it, can re-open accepting new buy orders.  Brokers using different clearing houses, or brokers that can self-clear their trades, were generally still capable of handling these new requirements. A presumption could be made that if they are already large enough to be able to self-clear trades then they probably have access to more capital to meet collateral requirements and aren’t forced to deny new buy orders.    I highly encourage each and every one of you to watch this interview with Webull’s CEO who explains exactly how they and brokers using Apex as their clearing house were forced to restrict buy orders due to increased collateral requirements:                                               Now let’s look at this from the other side of the trade.  Melvin Capital shorted millions of shares of $GME. Their broker facilitated this action, which in-turn was transacted by their market maker(s), ran through their clearing house(s) and settled by the DTC. What happens when Melvin is bled dry?  Melvin loses everything, and it’s still not enough to cover their debt. The clearing house is next on the chopping block and steps in to provide the funds that Melvin can no longer provide. They write it off as a loss and will be amongst the first in line of creditors seeking payment during Melvin’s solvency process to try and recoup whatever possible. But what happens if they can’t cover the cost of all of those shares?  And that’s where we’re at today. Clearing houses are seeking short-term bridge loans from major institutional banks to secure enough $$$ to settle everybody’s trades. They are teetering on the edge and are shoring up their accounts for the pending tidal wave that is our beloved short squeeze. If they run out of money, the market could cease to function properly and we’re looking at a near system-wide collapse.  Bleeding Melvin dry means bleeding Melvin, their market maker(s), AND their clearing house(s). The MMs & the clearing house(s) are collateral damage and should not be the target of our focus. But don’t worry, they’re all insured anyways, but they still need funds now to continue to function nominally.  So at the end of the day, Citadel didn’t exactly go to each broker and tell them “hey, stop letting people buy shares so we can exit out of our positions.” But they are using their MM advantage to continue their ladder attacks to drive the price down. As a MM they are allowed to increase liquidity by creating new shorted shares, but they must be repaid by market close.   So are they playing dirty? Of course they are, and we expected them to. If you managed billions of dollars, wouldn’t you do everything in your power to prevent losing it? Sure, they didn’t heed warnings from their risk assessment department who probably told them to turn tail and cut their losses, doubled-down, and committed to giving us all our long-awaited tendies.                                           Keep up the good fight,   ,   the squeeze has not squoze    Disclaimer: I’m not telling you what to do with your money  Positions: hundreds of shares starting from $20 and averaging up and a few call options expiring today
GameStop should issue more shares and declare themselves an esports SPAC
A ten percent new issue would get absorbed like nothing and they could go grab a deal on a company that they (or we) think this on its way up.   Take 3 billion and merge with somebody who was planning to go public. What an opportunity for publicity and positive branding.  I think there are a lot of companies that think what this sub is doing is worthy of support. GME represents freedom and millennials and all kinds of heroic shit now.  It would amount to a multi step all stock deal, essentially.   This sub can actually turn this company around and justify the price by keeping it high enough to generate huge reserves  Edit: ok so split shares, not a new issue. I still think it’s a good idea
It can be over 9000!!!
$2,300,000 LONG - reinforcement is on the way. GME upgraded to $932 USD
PLEASE Remember to donate some of the spoils of war to charities
Repost since the last post got removed for some reason,  As important as making money is, we have to remind the people at Wall Street that we are not like them - we are not money hoarding people. Let's spread the wealth and help charities out, which probably need it more than ever because of the pandemic.  Even just donating 10% of your money will make a huge difference. If you're unsure what you want to donate to, consider donating to something that you care about, or an autism charity (you know why).     Charity Navigator helps you find tons of charities that are highly rated (Use most of their money for their cause, etc). Note: DO NOT DONATE TO AUTISM SPEAKS. They have a long track record of disrespecting those with autism and are generally just a shitty company.    EDIT: A lot of common people are in need right now and are not able to pay for things they need, so going on GoFundMe and even donating 10-25 dollars can really help someone out.    We have the power to do some real change. Let's do it.     Apart from that...    CAN'T STOP. WON'T STOP. GAMESTOP. POWER TO THE TRADER      WE LIKE THE STOCK      IF HE'S STILL IN, I'M STILL IN      HOLD THE FUCKING LINE      DON'T SELL UNTIL YOU SEE THE SWEAT ON THEIR FOREHEAD      WE ARE THE TRUE ROBINHOOD      WE'RE GOING TO ALPHA CENTAURI BABY      WE LIKE THE CHARITY, WE ARE THE CHARITY      PUT US IN THE HISTORY TEXTBOOKS      WALL STREET REVOLUTION      SEE YOU ON THE MOON
Andrew Left over here acting like he was visited by three ghosts last night...
Left: You there! Yes you, redditor! What day is it?  WSB: Today, you miserable sack of shit? Why today is Short Squeeze Day!  Left: Oh good I haven’t missed it! They did it all in one night!  WSB: What?  Left: Look here you fine investor, take this sack of money and buy those stocks in the shops downtown.  WSB: The GameStop and AMC stocks?  Left: Yes buy them all! Stonks only go up! Money rocket go Fssssssh! Fuck the shorts!  WSB: What? But you’re the most shitty of all the short sellers... you are like the absolute worst. Fuck you.  Left: Yes fuck me! All stonks must be held with   🏻!  WSB: Whatever you sad clown.  In summation fuck Andrew Left.
MOTLEY FOOL: Should GameStop Help the Shorts and Issue More Stock?
Robinhood staff unhappy about the trading hault were paid off... With a $40 Doordash credit lmfao.
And Robinhood is upfront about that  NOW  investor replied to my tweet
It's all a coordinated, corrupt, anti-retail scam and always has been. DELETE ROBINHOOD
BUT DID YOU EXPECT ANYTHING LESS FROM FACEBOOK
One “Large international bank” is now requiring 100% coverage when buying call-options. (Anon source but reputable Swedish blog who confirmed the claim. Translation required)
Should the DOJ launch a RICO investigation into Robinhood, Melvin Capital, Citadel, and APEX Clearing?
Based on some known facts, it would appear that the DOJ should begin a RICO investigation into the actions of the above companies.  Fraud and embezzlement are predicate offenses under RICO and would fulfill that requirement if they were present.  Is it that far fetched to believe that these companies would engage in these violations to protect 100s of billions?  This did not happen overnight, but was built up over time.    Any smart people with RICO knowledge want to shoot me down?
3 Important GME messages everyone should be aware of
1-Even though buying seems to be back, it can change again in any moment and your orders may not fill. When the dip comes again, AND IT WILL, DO NOT SELL. You may think you can sell all your positions and buy back in on the cheap, BUT THERES NO GUARANTEE YOU WILL BE ABLE TO BUY BACK IN. JUST HOLD AND WE WIN. DONT BELIEVE ANY SHORT FLOAT LIES TODAY.  2-Our buying preassure is low today thanks to rh fucking us, and mainly because most of us are already holding. At this point its a game of waiting them out and NOT pussying out in their attacks.  3-Melvin fucked up with this whole situation, but these guys are NOT stupid. They have harvard mathmaticians and professional risk analysts. They probably figured out that their losses will be marginally LESS for holding their positions open and paying the borrowing fees than it would be if they covered now. They want to wear us down over time by blocking us from buying, sniping stop losses with ladders and constant media attacks like that sellout Cramer saying the squeeze is over. ALL we have to do is hold, and we will win. If you keep selling, they can slowly cover over time while keeping the price steady.  -Non of this is financial advice.
GME Short Interest 1/29 =   shares. only down 8% in the past 7 days.
This is the price my GME 02/19 $40 call peaked at yesterday, this is a sign.
Hedge funds bitching... good read 😌
To anyone getting restless and SCARED: TAKE A BREAK
Listen. This afternoon is probably going to be a rough one to stare at the charts. These greedy fucks are about to get pounded and they know it. There will most likely be another short ladder attack this afternoon to drive the price down. As others have said, if we stay above $115 and $60, we are dancing when those calls are exercised.   This squeeze is not going to be an Instant thing. It won't hit close and shoot to $10,000. It will be a bleed over the weekend and into next week. If you can't handle the volatility, stop looking at the charts constantly. Your shares will still be there when you come back. Enjoy the weekend, go outside, jerk off, I don't give a shit what you do. I will probably set a $120 buy order just in case I can scoop some more shares on the cheap. If you have fucking calls, please for the love of God, manage them before close. I would not be surprised if the brokerages do some more shady shit.  These funds are paying out the ass to cover the fees on these shorts, and we are bleeding them dry.     Not financial advise. I own GME and BB shares.
SOME HERO BUSTED THROUGH THE 350 SELL WALL
Robinhood needed emergency $1 Billion cash injection, but was too embarrassed to admit it
Institutional Ownership of GME is well over 100%. How do shorts cover?
Per  , it seems that the institutional ownership of GME is at ~160%.   The largest shareholders are  1	FMR LLC	   2	BlackRock Inc.	   3	RC Ventures LLC	   4	DIMENSIONAL FUND ADVISORS LP	   5	VANGUARD GROUP INC	   6	STATE STREET CORP	   7	Senvest Management, LLC	   8	FOSS DONALD A	   9	Hestia Capital Partners Lp	   10	UBS ASSET MANAGEMENT AMERICAS INC	   11	Permit Capital, LLC	   12	Scion Asset Management, LLC	   13	ROYCE & ASSOCIATES LP	   Total institutional ownership in just the top 13 companies:    This isn't counting the board of directors either. So unless a  lot  of institutional people sell, the shorts  cannot  cover. Add that to the  millions  of shares in call options expiring ITM today, there are going to be millions of shares bought and  delivered  on Monday/Tuesday. Not sold on those days, delivered. That is just buying pressure.  Additionally, according to S3 Partners LLC, Open Short interest as of this morning is still 58MM shares.    TL;DR: There are more institutional shares than total shares while Short interest is 113% of float.  EDIT: It's important to consider that some of these institutional owners could have rebalanced, or exited their positions entirely. For instance, yesterday Must Asset Management disclosed that they sold all their GME shares on 12/31/20. So there can be a month delay in the reporting.
$GME Brothers - Bloomberg is HELPING our cause. Take this as affirmation to hold the goddamn line. We've stricken fear into financial news - their real worry is where we go next (NOK Referenced). Hold that god damn line.
AMC HAS REACHED 69% GAINS TODAY APS. THE SQUEEZE IS IMMINENT HOLLLLLLDDDD
If I can hold, you can hold!!!!!!  🤲🏼
BIG BUY SIDE IMBALANCE: Are big boys joining us??
AMC- Manipulation still occurring! Can’t buy expiring options!
We need to keep price above $320 by end of day
There is a  , if I were a short I’d be waiting till end of day to launch an attack to hopefully leave these calls un-exercisable.   In order to rebuff an attack there needs to be enough buying at that price to counteract the momentum of the attack. I’ve set a limit buy order at $320 for what I can afford. If you’re looking for a good entry point, this is it. This is a huge battle in the war of GME.  If you currently are holding ITM options for GME and have the funds to exercise: DO IT!!!! Especially if they’re fringe, a short attack or another round of cheating could make them useless any second.  Worst case scenario there is also a large volume of puts at $300, and an even larger volume at $115. If $320 is too high consider $300 or even $115, if they’re able to close those out it’s a huge loss for us.  This is not financial advise  Position: 160 avg
Timing the Market beats Time in the Market if you're a retard like me.
CNBC Acknowledges the Open Letter to them posted here
A Small Reminder of Some of the Risks Involved
There is a prevailing mis-understanding among people fresh to the market that you can buy and sell as much as you want at the "market price." This is false. You are buying and selling from real people or algorithms that believe they can scalp your order. The idealized scenario is that GME rallies, Melvin covers, and everyone at reddit gets out at the top. This represents a misunderstanding of market mechanics. Melvin will cover before we truly know it, and the crash will happen as quick as the rally.  So with recent events, you must ask yourself:  # Who is Your Counterparty?  Nothing is a sure bet. How confident are you that your counterparty is who you think it is? Thousands of redditors & new traders beyond have been buying stocks fully confident that Melvin Capital hasn't  exited their trade. This is also supported by some analysis provided by two different firms, although their estimates differ some amount. Confounded in this is the interpretation of the data: Does this include market makers and dealers that are short stock but covered with calls or options deltas? Is their information fully accurate in an event the likes of which has never happened? It's tough to know for sure.   # Know Everyone's Hand  Your guess on  how much they've covered  and  when they covered  has a massive effect on how you perceive the value of this trade. Buying if you think Melvin has $10b notional to cover is a much better bet than if they only have $2b to cover. You also have to consider how much notional the rest of the market has bought in anticipation of a squeeze. The difference between the two represents your effective edge.  Remember, we don't  actually  know Melvin's current position. We don't know what's going on behind closed doors. We only know the hand they're showing us via media. Has their clearing firm taken over? Has a much bigger collection of firms absorbed the position? Have they been buying since Monday? Have they covered and have new funds entered the space at a much better level?   You are fighting Goliath at a poker table in the city of Gath. The pot is worth $25 billion dollars. Ken Griffin has  never  lost. Melvin's prime brokers Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, Deutsche are not used to losing (well, Deutsche is). They will do whatever it takes to take the pot  from you  and leave you holding the bag. They will not blink twice because there is a  lot  of  fucking money  on the line.  # Know What Can Go Wrong  Nobody could have guessed everything that happened this week. Prepare yourself for the unexpected. Your brokerage will undoubtedly close out your position at the worst possible time. The stock could be halted for days. You could be assigned on ITM options. Your stock could get delisted. Your stock may get diluted.  # Only Spend What You're Willing to Lose  This one is self explanatory. Your investment could go to zero. Even if you think you make money on every trade, if your bet size is 100%, the long term value of your portfolio is   zero     .     # Don't Take Out Loans on Emotional Capital  If you are new, you really don't know the gut-wrenching, stomach-turning feeling of seeing the possibility of your net liquidity hitting zero or negative. It fucking sucks. You just know the highs. You're buying along the speculative frenzy and frantic rallies, wrapped in anti-billionaire & pro-underdog themes. It may even feel good to think that a guy who cut his teeth at a firm notorious for an insider trading scandal is getting his comeuppance. We love the feeling.   If you are fully invested financially & emotionally, you are completely overleveraged and will pay the price.   Make feeling good your goal, and set limits that you can stomach.   There are several feel-good stories of people making life-changing money to pay off their student loans or their family members' surgeries. Please think twice about this, and only spend what you can afford to lose. If placing a bet makes the difference between your pet living or dying, you may have a gambling problem. These were success stories because they got in at a much better level and could have had a much sadder ending.  Secondly, don't take it personal. There are people on the other side of your trades, your brokerage support line, the subreddit, the media. They are all playing their own hand to the best of their knowledge. It's easy to blame a broker, yell at their support desk, hate-tweet at a company, or even rage-text that guy you know who develops APIs at ETrade. A lot of people across the industry are  rooting  for you. Fuck, even Ted Cruz and AOC are  rooting  for you, because this transcends politics. If you're mad at Melvin Capital or Ken Griffin or the guys who crashed the economy in 2008, keep it that way. They will try and misdirect your anger in every single direction: brokerages, the media, and reddit. If your enemies are a few guys at the top holding a $25b short position and moving levers, keep it that way.   Thirdly, if you don't want to be a human being for the sake of the person on the other side, be a human being for your wallet's sake. You make better financial decisions in the absence of emotions.
GME - how this week played out
BREAKING: Warren Demands SEC Address Market Manipulation, GameStop Surge
NEVER HAS THIS BEEN MORE APPROPRIATE - EVER
DONT DOUBT YOUR VIBES!!! SETTLED FUNDS ARE COMING!!! 200x accounts. GME to $10k or bust.
Cramer is a puppet for the hedge funds!!
Gamestop Big Picture: The Short Singularity Pt 3 - WTF edition crosspost r/investing (I know), but its actually interesting and deserves more exposure
Yes, as you read, cross post from r/boringpeople, but it's well worth a read, as long as it is. All credit to u/jn_ku, and go read the other parts. Godspeed autists      Disclaimer: I am not a financial advisor. This entire post represents my personal views and opinions, and should not be taken as financial advice (or advice of any kind whatsoever). I encourage you to do your own research, take anything I write with a grain of salt, and hold me accountable for any mistakes you may catch. Also, full disclosure, I hold a net long position in GME, but my cost basis is very low (average \~$67--I have to admit, the drop today was too tasty so my cost basis went up from yesterday)/share with my later buys averaged in), and I'm using money I can absolutely lose. My capital at risk and tolerance for risk generally is likely substantially different than yours. In this post I will go a little further and speculate more than I'd normally do in a post due to the questions I've been getting, so fair warning, some of it might be very wrong. I suspect we'll learn some of the truth years from now when some investigative journalist writes a book about it.   Thank you everyone for the comments and questions on the   post on this topic.  Today was a study in the power of fear, courage, and the levers you can pull when you wield billions of dollars...  Woops, excuse me. I'm sorry hedge fund guys... I meant trillions of dollars--I just briefly forget you control not just your own but a lot of other peoples' money too for a moment there.  Also, for people still trading this on market-based rationale (as I am), it was a good day to measure the conviction behind your thesis. I like to think I have conviction, but in case you are somehow not yet familiar with the legend of DFV, you need to see these posts (fair warning, nsfw, and some may be offended/triggered by the crude language). The last two posts might be impressive, but you should follow it in chronological order and pay attention to the evolution of sentiment in the comments to experience  .  Anyway, I apologize, but this post will be very long--there's just a lot to unpack.  Pre-Market  Disclaimer: given yesterday's pre-market action I didn't even pay attention to the screen until near retail pre-market. I'm less confident in my ability to read what's going on in a historical chart vs the feel I get watching live, but I'll try.  Early in the pre-market it looks to me like some momentum traders are taking profit, discounting the probability that the short-side will give them a deep discount later, which you can reasonably assume given the strategy they ran yesterday. If they're right they can sell some small volume into the pre-market top, wait for the hedge funds try to run the price back down, and then lever up the gains even higher buying the dip. Buy-side here look to me like people FOMOing and YOLOing in at any price to grab their slice of gainz, or what looks to be market history in the making. No way are short-side hedge funds trying to cover anything at these prices.   \--well said! Free markets baby!  Mohamed El-Erian is money in the bank as always. "upgrade in quality" on the pandemic drop was the best, clearest actionable call while most were at peak panic, and boy did it print. Your identifying the bubble as the excessive short (vs blaming retail activity) is  !  The short attack starts, but I'm hoping no one was panicking this time--we've seen it before. Looks like the momentum guys are minting money buying the double dip into market open.  CNBC, please get a good market technician to explain the market action. Buy-side dominance, sell-side share availability evaporating into nothing (look at day-by-day volume last few days), this thing is now at runaway supercritical mass. There is no changing the trajectory unless you can change the very fabric of the market and the rules behind it (woops, I guess I should have knocked on wood there).  If you know the mechanics, what's happening in the market with GME is not mysterious AT ALL. I feel like you guys are trying to scare retail out early "for their own good" (with all sincerity, to your credit) rather than explain what's happening. Possibly you also fear that explaining it would equate to enabling/encouraging people to keep trying to do it inappropriately (possibly fair point, but at least come out and say that if that's the case). Outside the market,    You Thought Yesterday Was Fear? THIS is Fear!  Ok short-side people, my hat is off to you. Just when I thought shouting fire in a locked theater was fear mongering poetry in motion, you went and took it to 11. What's even better? Yelling fire in a theater with only one exit. That way people can cause the financial equivalent of s  casualties. Absolutely brilliant.  Robin Hood disables buying of GME, AMC, and a few of the other WSB favorites. Other brokerages do the same. Even for people on 0% margin. Man, and here I thought I had seen it all yesterday.   Side note: I will give a shout out to TD Ameritrade. You guys got erroneously lumped together with RH during an early CNBC segment, but you telegraphed the volatility risk management changes and gradually   up margin requirements over the past week. No one on your platform should have been surprised if they were paying attention. And you didn't stop anyone from trading their own money at any point in time. My account balance thanks you. I heard others may have had problems, but I'll give you the benefit of the doubt given the DDOS attacks that were flyiing around   Robin Hood. Seriously WTF. I'm sure it was TOTALLY coincidence that your big announcements happen almost precisely when what has to be one of the best and most aggressive short ladder attacks of all time starts painting the tape, what looked like a DDOS attack on Reddit's CDN infrastructure (pretty certain it was the CDN because other stuff got taken out at the same time too), and a flood of bots hit social media (ok, short-side, this last one is getting old).  Taking out a large-scale cloud CDN is real big boy stuff though, so I wouldn't entirely rule out nation state type action--those guys are good at sniffing out opportunities to foment social unrest.  Anyway, at this point, as the market dives, I have to admit I was worried for a moment. Not that somehow the short-side would win (hah! the long-side whales in the pond know what's up), but that a lot of retail would get hurt in the action. That concern subsided quite a bit on the third halt on that slide. But first...    A side lesson on market orders    Someone printed bonus bank big time (and someone lost--I feel your pain, whoever you are).  During the face-ripping volatility my play money account briefly ascended to rarified heights of 7 figures. It took me a second to realize it, then another second to process it. Then, as soon as it clicked, that one, glorious moment in time was gone.  What happened?  During the insane chop of the short ladder attack, someone decided to sweep the 29 Jan 21 115 Call contracts, but they couldn't get a grip on the price, which was going coast to coast as IV blew up and the price was being slammed around. So whoever was trying to buy said "F it, MARKET ORDER" (  buy up to $X,XXX,XXX worth of contracts at any price). This is referred to as a sweep if funded to buy all/most of the contracts on offer (HFT shops snipe every contract at each specific price with a shotgun of limit orders, which is far safer, but something only near-market compute resources can do really well). For retail, or old-tech pros, if you want all the contracts quickly, you drop a market order loaded with big bucks and see what you get... BUT, some clever shark had contracts available for the reasonable sum of... $4,400, or something around that. I was too stunned to grab a screencap. The buy market order swept the book clean and ran right into that glorious, nigh-obscene backstop limit. So someone got nearly $440,000 PER CONTRACT that was, at the time theoretically priced at around $15,000. $425,000 loss... PER CONTRACT. Maybe I'm not giving the buyer enough credit.. you can get sniped like that even if you try to do a safety check of the order book first, but, especially in low liquidity environments, if a HFT can peak into your order flow (or maybe just observes a high volume of sweeps occurring), they can end up front running your sweep, pick off the reasonable contracts, and slam a ridiculous limit sell order into place before your order makes it to the exchange. Either way, I hope that sweep wasn't loaded for bear into the millions. If so... OUCH. Someone got cleaned out.  So, the lesson here folks... in a super high volatility, low-liquidity market, a market order will just run up the ladder into the first sell order it can find, and some very brutal people will put limit sells like that out there just in case they hit the jackpot. And someone did. If you're on the winning side, great. It can basically bankrupt you if you're on the losing side. My recommendation: Just don't try it. I wouldn't be surprised if really shady shenanigans were involved in this, but no way to know (normally that's crazy-type talk, but after today....peeking at order flow and sniping sweeps is one of the fastest, most financially devastating ways to bleed big long-side players, just sayin').  Back to the market action..  A Ray of Light Through the Darkness  So I was worried watching the crazy downward movement for two different reasons.  On the one hand, I was worried the momentum pros would get the best discounts on the dip (I'll admit, I FOMO'd in too early, unnecessarily raising my cost basis).  On the other hand, I was worried for the retail people on Robin Hood who might be bailing out into incredibly steep losses because they had only two options: Watch the slide, or bail. All while dealing with what looked to me like a broad-based cloud CDN outage as they tried to get info from WSB HQ, and wondering if the insta-flood of bot messages were actually real people this time, and that everyone else was bailing on them to leave them holding the bag.  But I saw the retail flag flying high on the 3rd market halt (IIRC), and I knew most would be ok. What did I see, you ask? Why, the glorious $  /   $5,000   bid/ask spread. WSB Reddit is down? Those crazy mofos give you the finger right on the ticker tape. I've been asked many times in the last few hours about why I was so sure shorts weren't covering on the down move. THIS is how I knew. For sure. It's in the market data itself.  I'll admit, I tried to one-up those bros with a   limit sell order, but it never made it through. I'm impressed that the HFT guys at the hedge fund must have realized really quickly what a morale booster that kind of thing would have been, and kept a lower backstop ask in place almost continuously from then on I'm sure others tried the same thing. Occasionally $1,000 and other high-dollar asks would peak through from time to time from then on, which told me the long-side HFTs were probably successfully sniping the backstops regularly.  So, translating for those of you who found that confusing. First, such a high ask is basically a FU to the short-side (who, as you remember, need to eventually buy shares to cover their short positions). More importantly, as an indicator of retail sentiment, it meant that NO ONE ELSE WAS TRYING TO SELL AT ANY PRICE LOWER THAN $5,000. Absolutely no one was bailing out.  I laughed for a minute, then started getting a little worried. Holy cow.. NO retail selling into the fear? How are they resisting that kind of price move??  The answer, as we all know now... they weren't afraid... they weren't even worried. They were F\ CKING PISSED.  Meanwhile the momentum guys and long-side HFTs keep gobbling up the generously donated shares that the short-side are plowing into their ladder attack. Lots of HFT duels going on as long-side HFTs try to intercept shares meant to travel between short-side HFT accounts for their ladder. You can tell when you see prices like $  constantly flying across the tape. Retail can't even attempt to enter an order like that--those are for the big boys with privileged low-latency access.  The fact that you can even see that on the tape with human eyes is really bad for the short-side people.  Why, you ask? Because it means liquidity is drying up, and fast.  The Liquidity Tide is Flowing Out Quickly. Who's Naked (short)?  Market technicals time. I still wish this sub would allow pictures so I could throw up a chart, but I guess a table will do fine.  DateVolumePrice at US Market CloseFriday, 1/22/21197,157,196$65.01Monday, 1/25/21177,874,00$76.79Tuesday, 1/26/21178,587,974$147.98Wednesday, 1/27/2193,396,666$347.51Thursday, 1/28/2158,815,805$   What do I see? I see the shares available to trade dropping so fast that all the near-exchange compute power in the world won't let the short-side HFTs maintain order flow volume for their attacks. Many retail people asking me questions thought today was the heaviest trading. Nope--it was just the craziest.  What about the price dropping on Thursday? Is that a sign that the short-side pulled a miracle out and pushed price down against a parabolic move on even less volume than Wednesday? Is the long side running out of capital?  Nope. It means the short-side hedge funds are just about finished.  But wait, I thought the price needed to be higher for them to be taken out? How is it that price being lower is bad for them? Won't that allow them to cover at a lower price?  No, the volume is so low that they can't cover any meaningful fraction of their position without spiking the price parabolic almost instantly. Just not enough shares on offer at reasonable prices (especially when WSB keeps flashing you    It's true, a higher price hurts, but the interest charge for one more day is just noise at this point. The only tick that will REALLY count is the last tick of trading on Friday.  In the meantime, the price drop (and watching the sparring in real time) tells me that the long-side whales and their HFT quants are so certain of the squeeze that they're no longer worried AT ALL about whether it will happen, and they aren't even worried at all about retail morale to help carry the water anymore.  Instead, they're now really, really worried about how CHEAPLY they can make it happen.  They are wondering if they can't edge out just a sliver more alpha out of what will already be a blow-out trade for the history books (probably). You see, to make it happen they just have to keep hoovering up shares. It doesn't matter what those shares cost. If you're certain that the squeeze is now locked in, why push the price up and pay more than you have to? Just keep pressing hard enough to force short-side to keep sending those tasty shares your way, but not so much you move the price. Short-side realizes this and doesn't try to drive price down too aggressively. They can't afford to let price run away, so they have to keep some pressure on at the lowest volume they can manage, but they don't want to push down too hard and give the long-side HFTs too deep of a discount and bleed their ammo out even faster. That dynamic keeps price within a narrow (for GME today, anyway) trading range for the rest of the day into the close.  Good plan guys, but those after market people are pushing the price up again. Damnit WSB bros and Euros, you're costing those poor long-side whales their extra 0.0000001% of alpha on this trade just so you can run up your green rockets... See, that's the kind of nonsense that just validates   concerns.  On a totally unrelated note, I have to say that I appreciate the shift in CNBC's reporting. Much more thoughtful and informed. Just please get a good market technician in there who will be willing to talk about what is going on under the hood if possible. A lot of people watching on the sidelines are far more terrified than they need to be because it all looks random to them. And they're worried that you guys look confused and worried--and if the experts on the news are worried....??!  You should be able to find one who has access to the really good data that we retailers can only guess at, who can explain it to us unwashed masses.  Ok, So.. Questions    There is no market justification for this. How can you tell me is this fundamentally sound and not just straight throwing money away irresponsibly??    (side note: not that that should matter--if you want to throw your money away why shouldn't you be allowed to?)   We're not trading in your securities pricing model. This isn't irrational just because your model says long and short positions are the same thing. The model is not a real market. There is asymmetrical counterparty risk here given the shorts are on the hook for all the money they have, and possibly all the money their brokers have, and possibly anyone with exposure to the broker too! You may want people to trade by the rules you want them to follow. But the rest of us trade in the real market as it is actually implemented. Remember? That's what you tell the retailers who take their accounts to zero. Remember what you told the KBIO short-squeezed people? They had fair warning that short positions carry infinite risk, including more than your initial investment. You guys know this. It's literally part of your job to know this.  But-but-the systemic risk!! This is Madness!  ...Madness?  THIS. IS.   THE MARKET!!! \ Retail kicks the short-side hedge funds down an infinity loss black hole\   .  Ok, seriously though, that is actually a fundamentally sound, and properly profit-driven answer at least as justifiable as the hedge funds' justification for going >100% of float short. If they can be allowed to gamble INFINITE LOSSES because they expect to make profit on the possibility the company goes bankrupt, can't others do the inverse on the possibility the company I don't know.. doesn't go bankrupt and gets a better strategy from the team that created what is now a $43bn market cap company (CHWY) that does exactly some of the things GME needs to do (digital revenue growth) maybe? I mean, I first bought in on that fundamental value thesis in the 30s and then upped my cost basis given the asymmetry of risk in the technical analysis as an obvious no-brainer momentum trade. The squeeze is just, as WSB people might say, tendies raining down from on high as an added bonus.  I get that you disagree on the fundamental viability of GME. Great. Isn't that what makes a market?  Regarding the consequences of a squeeze, in practice my expectation was maybe at worst some kind of ex-market settlement after liquidation of the funds with exposure to keep things nice and orderly for the rest of the market. I mean, they handled the VW thing somehow right? I see now that I just underestimated elite hedge fund managers though--those guys are so hardcore (I'll explain why I think so a bit lower down).    If hedge fund people are so hardcore, how did the retail long side ever have a chance of winning this squeeze trade they're talking about?    Because it's an asymmetrical battle once you have short interest cornered. And the risk is also crazily asymmetrical in favor of the long side if short interest is what it is in GME. In fact, the hedge funds essentially cornered themselves without anyone even doing anything. They just dug themselves right in there. Kind of impressive really, in a weird way.  What does the short side need to cover? They need the price to be low, and they need to buy shares.  How does price move lower? You have to push share volume such that supply overwhelms demand and price therefore goes down (man, I knew econ 101 would come in handy someday).  But wait... if you have to sell shares to push the price down.. won't you just undo all your work when you have to buy it back to actually cover?  The trick is you have to push price down so hard, so fast, so unpredictably, that you SCARE OTHER PEOPLE into selling their shares too, because they're scared of taking losses. Their sales help push the price down for free! and then you scoop them up at discount price! Also, there are ways to make people scared other than price movement and fear of losses, when you get right down to it. So, you know, you just need to get really, really, really good at making people scared. Remember to add a line item to your budget to make sure you can really do it right.  On the other hand..  What does the long side need to do? They need to own as much of the shares as they can get their hands on. And then they need to hold on to them. They can't be weak hands either. They need to be hands that will hold even under the most intense heat of battle, and the immense pressure of mind-numbing fear... they need to be as if they were made of... diamond... (oh wow, maybe those WSB people kind of have a point here).  Why does this matter? Because at some point the sell side will eventually run out of shares to borrow. They simply won't be there, because they'll be safely tucked away in the long-side's accounts. Once you run out of shares to borrow and sell, you have no way to move the price anymore. You can't just drop a fat stack--excuse me, I mean suitcase (we're talking hedge fund money here after all)--of Benjamins on the ticker tape directly. Only shares. No more shares, no way to have any direct effect on the price whatsoever.  Ok, doesn't that just mean trading stops? Can't you just out-wait the long side then?  Well, you could.. until someone on the long side puts 1 share up on a 69420 ask, and an even crazier person actually buys at that price on the last tick on a Friday. Let's just say it gets really bad at that point.  Ok.. but how do the retail people actually get paid?  Well, to be quite honest, it's entirely up to each of them individually. You've seen the volumes being thrown around the past week+. I guarantee you every single retailer out there could have printed money multiple times trading that flow. If they choose to, and time it well. Or they could lose it all--this is the market. Some of them apparently seem to have some plan, or an implicit trust in certain individuals to help them know when to punch out. Maybe it works out, but maybe not. There will be financial casualties on the field for sure--this is the bare-knuckled capitalist jungle after all, remember? But everyone ponied up to the table with their own money somehow, so they all get to play in the big leagues just like everyone else. In theory, anyway.  And now, Probably the #1 question I've been asked on all of these posts has been:   So what happens next?   Do we get the infinity squeeze? Do the hedge funds go down?  Great questions. I don't know. No one does. That's what I've said every time, but I get that's a frustrating answer, so I'll write a bit more and speculate further. Please again understand these are my opinions with a degree of speculation I wouldn't normally put in a post.  The Market and the Economy. Main Street, Wall Street, and Washington  The pandemic has hurt so many people that it's hard to comprehend. Honestly, I don't even pretend to be able to. I have been crazy fortunate enough to almost not be affected at all. Honestly, it is a little unnerving to me how great the disconnect is between people who are doing fine (or better than fine, looking at my IRA) versus the people who are on the opposite side of the ever-widening divide that, let's be honest, has been growing wider since long before the pandemic.  People on the other side--who have been told they cannot work even if they want to, who wonder if congress will get it together to at least keep them from getting thrown out of their house if they have to keep taking one for the team for the good of all, are wondering if they're even living in the same reality.  Because all they see on the news each day is that the stock market is at record highs, or some amazing tech stocks have 10x'd in the last 6 months. How can that be happening during a pandemic? Because The Market is not The Economy. The Market looks forward to that brighter future that Economy types just need to wait for. Don't worry--it'll be here sometime before the end of the year. We think. We're making money on that assumption right now, anyway. Oh, by the way, if you're in The Market, you get to get richer as a minor, unearned side-effect of the solutions our governments have come up with to fight the pandemic.  Wow. That sounds amazing. How do I get to part of that world?  Retail fintech, baby. Physical assets like real estate might be a bit out of reach at the moment, but stocks will do. I can even buy fractional shares of BRK/A LOL.  Finally, I can trade for my own slice of heaven, watching that balance go up (and up--go stonks!!). Now I too get to dream the dream. I get to feel connected to that mythical world, The Market, rather than being stuck in the plain old Economy. Sure, I might blow up my account, but that's because it's the jungle. Bare-knuckled, big league capitalism going on right here, and at least I get to show up an put my shares on the table with everyone else. At least I'm playing the same game. Everyone has to start somewhere--at least now I get to start, even if I have to learn my lesson by zeroing my account a few times. I've basically had to deal with what felt like my life zeroing out a few times before. This is number on a screen going to 0 is nothing.  Laugh or cry, right? I'll post my losses on WSB and at least get some laughs.  Geez, some of the people here are making bank. I better learn from them and see if they'll let me in on their trades. Wow... this actually might work. I don't understand yet, but I trust these guys telling me to hold onto this crazy trade. I don't understand it, but all the memes say it's going to be big.    I can pay off my credit card with this number. Do I punch out now? No? Hold?... Ok, getting nervous watching the number go down but I trust you freaks. We're still in the jungle, but at least I'm in with with my posse now. Market open tomorrow--we ride the rocket baby! And if it goes down, at least I'm going down with my crew. At least if that happens the memes will be so hilarious I'll forget to cry.  Wow.. I can't believe it... we might actually pull this off. Laugh at us now, "pros"!  We're in The Market now, and Market rules tell us what is going to happen. We're getting all that hedge fund money Right? Right?  Maybe.  First, I say maybe because nothing is ever guaranteed until it clears. Secondly, because the rules of The Market are not as perfectly enforced as we would like to assume. We are also finding out they may not be perfectly fair. The Market most experts are willing to talk about is really more like the ideal The Market is supposed to be. This is the version of the market I make my trading decisions in. However, the Real Market gets strange and unpredictable at the edges, when things are taken to extremes, or rules are pushed beyond the breaking point, or some of the mechanics deep in the guts of the Real Market get stretched. GME ticks basically all of those boxes, which is why so many people are getting nervous (aside from the crazy money they might lose). It's also important to remember that the sheer amount of money flowing through the market has distorting power unto itself. Because it's money, and people really, really, really like their money--especially when they're used to having a lot of it, and rules involving that kind of money tend to look more... flexible, shall we say.  Ok, back to GME. If this situation with GME is allowed to play out to its conclusion in The Market, we'll see what happens. I think all the long-side people get the chance to be paid (what, I'm not sure--and remember, you have to actually sell your position at some point or it's all still just numbers on your screen), but no one knows for certain.  But this might legitimately get so big that it spills out of The Market and back into The Economy.  Geez, and here I thought the point of all of this was so that we all get to make so much money we wouldn't ever have to think and worry about that thing again.  Unfortunately, while he's kind of a buzzkill,   has a point. This could be a serious problem.  It might blow out The Market, which will definitely crap on The Economy, which as we all know from hard experience, will seriously crush Main Street.  If it's that big a deal, we may even need Washington to be involved. Once that happens, who knows what to expect.. this kind of scenario being possible is why I've been saying I have no idea how this ends, and no one else does either.  How did we end up in this ridiculous situation? From GAMESTOP?? And it's not Retail's fault the situation is what it is.. why is everyone telling US that we need to back down to save The Market?? What about the short-side hedge funds that slammed that risk into the system to begin with?? We're just playing by the rules of The Market!!  Well, here are my thoughts, opinions, and some even further speculation... This may be total fantasy land stuff here, but since I keep getting asked I'll share anyway. Just keep that disclaimer in mind.  A Study in Big Finance Power Moves: If you owe the bank $10,000, it's your problem...  What happens when you owe money you have no way to pay back? It's a scary question to have to face personally. Still, on balance and on average, if you're fortunate enough to have access to credit the borrowing is a risk that is worth taking (especially if you're reasonably careful). Lenders can take a risk loaning you money, you take a risk by borrowing in order to do something now that you would otherwise have had to wait a long time or maybe would never have realistically been able to do otherwise. Sometimes it doesn't work out. Sometimes it's due to reasons totally beyond your control. In any case, if you find yourself there you have no choice but to dust yourself off, pick yourself up as best as you can, and try to move on and rebuild. A lot of people had to learn that in 2008. Man that year really sucked.  Wall street learned their lessons too. Most learned what I think most of us would consider the right lessons--lessons about risk management, and the need to guard vigilantly against systemic risk, concentration of risk through excess concentration of leverage on common assets, etc. Many suspect that at least a few others may have learned an entirely different set of, shall we say, unhealthy lessons. Also, to try to be completely fair, maybe managing other peoples' money on 10x+ leverage comes with a kind of pressure that just clouds your judgement. I could actually, genuinely buy that. I know I make mistakes under pressure even when I'm trading risk capital I could totally lose with no real consequence. Whatever the motive, here's my read on what's happening:  First, remember that as much fun as WSB are making of the short-side hedge fund guys right now, those guys are smart. Scary smart. Keep that in mind.  Next, let's put ourselves in their shoes.  If you're a high-alpha hedge fund manager slinging trades on a $20bn 10x leveraged to 200bn portfolio, get caught in a bad situation, and are down mark-to-market several hundred million.. what do you do? Do you take your losses and try again next time? Hell no.  You're elite. You don't realize losses--you double down--you can still save this trade no sweat.  But what if that doesn't work out so well and you're in the hole >$2bn? Obvious double down. Need you ask? I'm net up on the rest of my positions (of course), and the momentum when this thing makes its mean reversion move will be so hot you can almost taste the alpha from here. Speaking of momentum, imagine the move if your friends on TV start hyping the story harder! Genius!  Ok, so that still didn't work... this is now a frigging 7 sigma departure from your modeled risk, and you're now locked into a situation that is about as close to mathematically impossible to escape as you can get in the real world, and quickly converging on infinite downside. Holy crap. The fund might be liquidated by your prime broker by tomorrow morning--and man, even the broker is freaking out. F'in Elon Musk and his twitter! You're cancelling your advance booking on his rocket ship to Mars first thing tomorrow... Ok, focus--this might legit impact your total annual return. You need a plan, and you know the smartest people on the planet, right? The masters of the universe! Awesome--they've even seen this kind of thing before and still have the playbook!! Of course! It's obvious now--you borrow a few more billion and double down again first thing in the morning. So simple. Sticky note that Mars trip cancellation so you don't forget.  Ok... so that didn't work? You even cashed in some pretty heavy chits too. Ah well, that was a long shot anyway. So where were you? Oh yeah.. if shenanigans don't work, skip to page 10...    says, of course, to double down again. Anyone even keeping track anymore? Oh, S3 says it's $40bn and we're going parabolic? Man, that chart gives me goosebumps. All according to plan...     So what happens tomorrow? One possible outcome of PURE FANTASTIC SPECULATION...     End of the week--phew. Never though it'd come. Where are you at now?... Over $9000\ !!! Wow. You did it boys, and as a bonus the memes will be so sweet.  \  side note: add 8 zeros to the end...   Awesome--your problems have been solved. Because...  ..    BOOM    Now it's   EVERYONE's   problem.  ,   THIS   is   REAL   baller shit.  Now all you gotta do is make all the hysterical retirees watching their IRAs hanging in the balance blame those WSB kids. Hahaha. Boomers, amirite? hate when those kids step on their law--I mean IRAs. GG guys, keep you memes. THAT is how it's done.  Ok, but seriously, I hope that's not how it ends. I guess we just take it day by day at this point.  Apologies for the length. Good luck in the market!  Also, apologies in advance for formatting, spelling, and grammatical errors. I was typing this thing in between doing all kinds of other things for most of the day.
Can anyone explain what the volume and open interest on options are?
HUGE order in GME rn
GME up 60% at open--Wall Street worried that continued losses at Robinhood will force hedge funds who bet against the stock to sell other securities to raise cash
Do not give Citadel a pass. They have been shaking us down for years, and finally got left with the bag.
They have been internalizing our orders for years using sophisticated algos while presenting themselves as proper liquidity providers.      What they have built with Robinhood is a modern day bucket shop, which are illegal and violate federal Rico laws.    ,engages%20in%20unethical%20business%20practices.&text=More%20recently%2C%20the%20term%20is,client's%20trades%20without%20their%20knowledge.  Do not let them slide, they need to be made an example of.
$APHA Yolo, decrimalization incoming
Markets hectic, don't know whats going to be up or down, but just threw almost 20g @ $APHA in some $12 Calls. Just heard Senate Majority Leader is working with democratic senators and some Republicans on crafting a federal cannabis reform bill. This is huge. The senate has been the barrier, and now the majority leader is onboarding change in cannabis. News just coming out, dont know how long i'll hold for but this is fresh and $apha is undervalued.  Some simple maths.  Post merger $TLRY & $APHA (remember they keep the $tlry name, and $apha gets some .83 $tlry per share of $apha)  if $TLRY is worth $24 post merger, that puts its Market cap at about $10 Billion, thats on par with CGC.  if $TLRY is @ $  take $ $  per share of $APHA post merger.  if $APHA is @ current prices of about $  take $13/.83=$  per $TLRY x approximately 420m(nice) shares post merger =   Billion market   largest cannabis company in the world worth 65% of $CGC?? IMO that'd be highly undervalued.  if $CGC is worth 10 billion on anticipation of change in US laws, I imagine at the MINIMUM the new Tilray would be worth the same.     and finally my $12 calls running me at   breakeven for $APHA...$ $  post merger value.        I haven't all-in'd but I very much want to spread the love for all these great cannabis companies. I'm holding back because the market is pretty volatile right now, and if theres a dip, I'd like an ever better average.     Edit: $CGC market cap is wrong my bad, using my old maths on it. @ $41 its valued at 15 Billion... If i value the new $TLRY like $CGC, which I do, that would put $TLRY post merger price more about $36 and $APHA would be valued closer to  \~. I like this stock
Massachusetts Secretary of State
UPVOTE FOR VISIBILITY! I don't care about the karma but lets swam this fools office.         Watching this video makes my blood fucking boil. Bill Galvin's comments perfectly embody the boomer/legacy financial mentality about this whole issue. I think we are doing a good job of discussing this but theres one concept here that I really want to unpack.  Bill (his mommy calls him William) keeps referencing how this is all just speculation with no basis in rational valuation, etc. He is explicitly saying that is bad for the economy and dishonest. Ok Bill, institutional market participants trade based on technicals, momentum, and a whole host of other inputs that have nothing to do with valuation in any sense and you didn't seem to have a problem when they were doing it....  The point here is that market participants can buy and sell securities based on whatever fucking thesis they have whether its because they actually did a boomer DCF or maybe they just like the name of the company. For them to come out and basically imply that trading is only acceptable, ethical, "good"(whatever the fuck that means) if it is based on rational valuations theory is fucking absurd and dangerous.  We are the check and balance in the market. If people want to lose money thats their fucking   signed the disclaimers. Trading purely on technicals is fucking great. Trading on momentum is amazing. Trading because your wife's boyfriend recommended some hype stock is the best. This was a genius trade thesis based on an in-depth understanding of market mechanics and market structure -- large institutions are exploiting these sorts of liquidity dislocations (with no basis on valuation) on a daily basis at scales 10 times the magnitude.  Fuck this guy. Fuck what he stands for. Fuck his point of view.        I'm going to write him a nice letter.       Edit:   I actually just called and spoke with a lawyer on their team and voiced my concerns. I basically  said that if there is one takeaway here it's that this trade is based on market mechanics and nothing else, everybody recognizes that, and there is nothing wrong with it. I encourage you to call and leave comment. BE RESPECTFUL WHEN YOU CALL OR EMAIL. WSB is a good joke but we need to be serious when having these discussions with the regulators. Phone numbers below.
STONK WARS, EPISODE II: THE HEDGE FUNDS STRIKE BACK — TODAY WE RIDE THE $GME   ALL THE WAY TO YAVIN 4 — HOLD THE LINE
Remember how tightly you used to hold your Game Boy Advance?
Remember holding your spot in line on Halo 3 or Call of Duty release nights? Spending all night in the rain waiting for the chance to grab a copy and hop on Xbox Live?  Watching Spongebob all day while the commercials proclaim “Wii would like to play”? Getting the last bundle of Wii + Wii Sports on the shelf?  Begging your parents to take you to GameStop, even just to look around for 15 minutes? Having to pee from excitement when you walked through the doors?  I look back on these times fondly. When a trip to GameStop made everything alright.  For all GameStop has done for you, you can take this opportunity by the BULL BALLS AND FUCKING HOLD  HOLD LIKE YOU’RE WAITING FOR HALO 3  HOLD LIKE IT’S YOUR FAILING MARRIAGE  HOLD BECAUSE THEY DON’T WANT YOU TO  I DON’T JUST LIKE THE STOCK  I LOVE THE GODDAMN STOCK  TO THE VOID WE GO   (not financial advice)
WHY BROKERAGES SHUT DOWN BUYS FOR GME AND OTHERS
OK, I've watched WeBull CEO interview, read few things here and here is my understanding of the situation. I knew next to nothing about stock market just a month ago, so take it with a grain of salt.  Here is a diagram of roles showing how money exchange hands. These are just roles, some companies act as multiple roles.                           +  ->    DTC     <   +                                                                              buybroker -> clearing company <=[3 days]=> clearing company -> sellbroker    When we buy or sell, money don't exchange hands immediately. They go via clearing process, where roughly speaking they just record all transactions, then settle the balance with each other   every 3 days   with a single balancing payment. It is important to understand, that balancing payment is much less than total volume of trade between clearing companies, because on average everyone trades with everyone. For this particular trade 3 day delay means, that sellers clearing company is on the hook: they already paid seller, but real money for this deal will come later.  What if buyers clearing company goes down? Nobody likes to be exposed, so the mechanism of collateral was invented. All clearing companies deposit cash in custodian (DTC) to guarantee that if counterparty goes bankrupt, they are not at loss or at least exposure is calculated upfront and accounted for. It's logical that collateral is calculated in proportion to the expected balancing payment.  When WSB started trading, all expectations were off, all risk models were out of the window. There was a risk that Melvin Capital wont be able to pay for the stocks they are buying or more precisely wont be able to clear 3 days down the line when settlement is due, this in turn would bankrupt other clearing companies on the market, causing cascading effect.  So custodian (DTC), being in a risk management business, decided that GME stocks causes to much risk and demanded 100% collateral . What does it mean in practice? Now suddenly clearing companies need to deposit 100% of   whole GME volume   they are trading, which is much more than what they could afford immediately. They had no option other than to refuse to clear GME trades, which in turned caused RH, WeBull & others to shut buys.  Why European companies continue to trade? I don't know. Maybe their clearing process is much faster (minutes? hours?) and their exposure is much less as a result, so collateral requirements are significantly lower.  this isn't mine  credit: u/rossmohax  this is not financial advice buy GME    🌕     edit: fixed the diagram  edit 2: Clearing companies wanted higher collateral but this still was suits dictating the rules.  edit 3: CITADEL IS BOTH A HEDGE FUND AND A CLEARING COMPANY SO THEY HAVE THEIR HANDS IN THAT POT AS WELL  edit 4: fellow retard in comment section u/massdev addressed what my post didn't:   "Problem is with your analysis is that it only fucks buy side which makes no sense because you are getting capital in exchange for paper.  Sell side is the exposure and was allowed to continue because the cunts tried to collude together to exit their worst short positions and shake out paper retail hands with a short ladder.  Melvin’s position being untenable isn’t a cascade or systemic failure as evidenced by they still exist and they are still trying to salvage their position while being propped up by the market makers, clearing houses and platforms.  This isn’t a game for the whole enchilada, by the time regulation, legislation and punitive catches up this will be long over. The naked short selling created the opportunity, that is the root of the problem and that smart money didn’t butcher them shows sharks don’t eat sharks."
This is for you, Dad
(first post was removed, not sure why)  I remember when the housing collapse sent a torpedo through my family. My father's concrete company collapsed almost overnight. My father lost his home. My uncle lost his home. I remember my brother helping my father count pocket change on our kitchen table. That was all the money he had left in the world. While this was happening in my home, I saw hedge funders literally drinking c  as they looked down on the Occupy Wall Street protestors. I will never forget that.  My Father never recovered from that blow. He fell deeper and deeper into alcoholism and exists now as a shell of his former self, waiting for death.   This is all the money I have and I'd rather lose it all than give them what they need to destroy me. Taking money from me won't hurt me, because i don't value it at all. I'll burn it all down just to spite them.  This is for you, Dad.  28 AMC 1/21/22 $22 calls
If Every WallStreetBets Member Held 12 Shares GME, It'd Be the Totality of GameStop....................
million shares outstanding (     degenerates here  Comes out to \  shares per person, obv rounded up to next whole number.     There are people here with hundreds, people here with thousands, DeepFuckingValue has some enormous magnitude, and my sweet dick has eight.  An average of 12 shares per person is SO feasible.  I wanted to get this simple math out there so you know that even if you personally are a drop in the bucket, the ocean is made up of tiny drops.  You count.          Edit: I used the MOST conservative estimate possible.  As some folks have noted, Gamestop and known dedicated individuals like Cohen own millions of shares themselves, making the real number even smaller!
So let me get this straight: Redditors rallying GameStop is market manipulation, but hedge fund billionaires shorting a stock is just an investment strategy?
Connecting GME Citadel TSLA
TL;DR: Fuck off, this only takes 5 minutes to ready, maybe 7 for some of you slower autists. But fine TSLA 2/5 $1000 C, 2/12 $1000 C, 2/19 $1000 C. Pick any date. Also don’t fucking sell a share/option of GME. Disclaimer: not financial advice  Congress and media will use Robinhood as the scapegoat but the real issue here is Citadel.  Don’t get me wrong, Robinhood deserves all the shit it’s going to get thrown at. After “the call” with Citadel, Vlad could’ve told them to fuck off, “We built Robinhood for the people.” He could’ve raised margins to 100% for those stocks, something reasonable, but no he caved into Citadel’s request. But destroying Robinhood isn’t going to stop the problem.     For those of you that don’t know, Citadel is a Market Maker. They are literally the definition of Market Manipulation. I’m not going to explain that to you, look it up. All done now? Good we can move on. They make their money selling option contracts. How is that manipulating the market you ask? Well, it is when you have brokers like Robinhood selling you data and you working with shorts keeping prices down. Why else do you think they bailed out Melvin? Connect the dots you autists!  Nothing will happen with them anytime soon because they have paid off everyone that could expose them. Everyone on Wallstreet knows this, everyone in government knows this. Yes even AOC, even fuckin Ted Cruz who’s just clout chasing (His wife’s a top exec at GS, he knows this shit, he knows nothing is going to happen.) AOC hinted of this during her Twitch stream yesterday. Congress has BS committees whose job is to “make money.” They even paid off Janet Yellen. She ain’t no JPow.     Your natural follow up question is “okay how do we stop Citadel if they have so much pull?” The simple answer “buy fuckin TSLA because Elon is papa.” I’m not going to bore you with all the TSLA DD because they’re all over this subreddit and all over twitter. If you fuckin reply with gordon johnson, teslacharts, or mark spiegel, fuck off you really are a retard. The only thing I will touch upon is FSD. Listen to the earnings call. Elon says they’ll start offering FSD subscription in 1-2 months for $200 per month. I’ll do the math for you autists taking into account that only 20% of drivers will pay for that (that’s a lowball number). There’s currently roughly 1 million Teslas on the road capable of FSD.     If you take a 20% FSD take rate of those 1 million Teslas, that’s 480mil revenue yearly just from FSD alone the first year. This is not including the 800k+ deliveries expected this year. By 2025, when there’s roughly 5 million Teslas on the road, FSD revenue will be about   billion annually.  Don’t listen to all the FUD on how Tesla missed EPS or auto margin % is down. Those analysts are missing the big picture. This is why even Elon himself said Tesla is well worth the 1 trillion valuation  Okay let’s get back on track because those of you who made it here want to know how to expose Citadel. Not only are they a Market Maker, they’re a known Tesla Market Maker.     They’ve been manipulating the price on Tesla for years. The media have helped make their jobs much easier. Watch CNBC, that’s all the evidence you need. You know who else is short Tesla that connects all of this with GME? You guessed it: Melvin fuckin Capital.      Where do you think all that money that Citadel is bailing Melvin out with is going to go? Yup shorting Tesla. Who else is going to benefit from that? If you guessed Citadel, come on down and get your free stock. Before I get to my next point, let’s take a look at Tesla short interest.     As of 1/15, there is still 56mil shares shorted. That’s a whopping 46-47 billion $ worth of shorts (3x that of GME). To add on to those shorts, there’s also a new “synthetic short” made by Tesla joining the SP500. To summarize for you, there are active funds which track the performance of SP500. At the end of the year, they’re judge by how well they do with respect to the index. A surprising amount of them still do not own Tesla so YTD, they are well behind the index due to not owning any Tesla. A good amount of them are waiting until post Q4 earnings (now) to buy shares thus creating a “synthetic short.”     How do we get the ball rolling? The same idea as GME, buy what TSLA you want, force Citadel to start having to buy shares for their calls, get these synthetic shorts to start buying and you can probably guess what happens next. This time, if they decide to pull the same shit, they can’t say they’re “protecting the investor” because Tesla “is” a great investment. Congress and Joe can’t say they’re for climate change if they’re going to choose the likes of Citadel over Tesla.   With that, I want to end this and remind you again to NOT FUCKIN SELL GME. If you have to take, some profits from the rest of your portfolio. I’m selling everything else in my portfolio and going all in on TSLA and GME.  TO THE MOON
SCREW ROBINHOOD! lets take out talents elsewhere
Greatest WSJ headline ever! You beautiful degenerates fucking did it!
They May Be Using Marketing and Psychology Tactics to Manipulate Volume
Went to buy more GME on Robinhood because they issued a statement saying you'd be able to buy today and guess what? YOU CAN'T if you own more than 5 shares already...  They led people into thinking they would be able to buy non fractional shares today on Robinhood which I trusted (big mistake) so I didn't open up another brokerage account because it seemed like a hassle.   All they did was turn the BUY button from grey to green, making you think you had the ability to buy and hoped the spotlight would be taken off of them.  The fact is, the hedge funds know that the majority of people buying GME use Robinhood because it's still the easiest platform to trade on and get started on. All they did to do continue to manipulate the volume was make it slightly harder to buy GME by adding additional steps; first realize you still can't buy GME on RH, then research & find another broker, sign up, fund it, etc., to the less experienced investor these tasks can be a huge turn off simply because of the added steps.  As someone who has studied marketing tactics and psychology I've learned that by adding even 1 additional step to the checkout process you could decrease conversions by more than 15%, think about what adding 5 steps would do. If things aren't easy to do, less people will do it, look at volume today still extremely low relative to the days prior to RH disabling the ability to buy.
Daily Discussion Thread for January 29, 2021 - Pt. II
Your daily trading discussion thread. Please keep the shitposting to a minimum.      Navigate WSB We Recommend Best Daily DD   :- :-     DD         Discussion         YOLO         Gain         Loss               Read the       and make sure other people follow them.    Try  , also accessible through the top bar.
Dr. Michael J Burry; No one mentioning that free trades and shares at #RobinHood were made possible by sales of the trade flow to Citadel and its ilk. Robinhood's customer is and has been CItadel, not its retail traders. Which makes what is happening this week all the more...
Want to buy a put? Not so fast says TDAMERITRADE.
A value proposition for Game Stop
The value of game stop is not completely tied to its earnings or growth potential or p/e ratio or any of those other things most analysts look at when evaluating a company.  It has value because someone else needs it.  Citadel and all the other short positions NEED shares of game stop to exit their position.  Therefore, it is worth whatever they will pay for it.  Right now it's worth $300 a share.  My grandfather takes insulin for diabetes and it's currently over $100 per month.  He can't negotiate the price because there is no situation where he would refuse to buy it.    If you own something that someone else desperately needs, it has value.  That's just capitalism.
There really can't be another GME. Nothing else is/was even close to as shorted (100+% of float), so small (microcap) and so hated/ignored/dismissed prior to the #thebigshortsqueeze. It was a uniquely perfect set up. There won't be another like it. Much like #thebigshort.
Miami Beach right now
Why This Weekend Is So Crucial...
Ok listen up retards... I know it's Friday and some of you short-term monkey brains are thinking about bailing on your brothers. Your paper hands are beginning to c  up. I get it.   BUT WE CANNOT SELL!       There are still   MASSIVE   amounts of shorts on $GME. Still well over 113% of total shares floated ( from S3 Partners ). Some old shorts have gotten out, but many   NEW   shorts have taken their place in the past couple of days hoping that $GME will die out.     # Here is the key part...  They are literally PRAYING for us to sell our shares and end this entire thing today. They are HOPING that they can make back their money at our expense...   BECAUSE EVERY SINGLE DAY THAT THEY HOLD THEIR SHORT POSITIONS IS COSTING THEM BILLIONS OF DOLLARS COLLECTIVELY!!!       # BILLIONS A DAY.  All we need to do is   HOLD  . That's it. We will cost them so much money today, next Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and on and on. Soon enough they won't be able to pay the cost of their shorts or it just won't be worth the cost anymore and they will all eventually have to bail.   THAT IS GOING TO BE THE SQUEEZE  . Once the costs keep adding up, they will start to bail and the rest will follow.     WE MUST STAY STRONG. DON’T FORGET WHAT THEY HAVE DONE TO US. IT'S A GAME OF CHICKEN. WHOEVER BLINKS FIRST.. LOSES.   We're not fucking blinking.       TL/DR: HOLD. HOLD. HOLD. THIS WEEKEND INTO NEXT WEEK IS CRUCIAL!      (Not financial advice. Entertainment only)
Citron halts 20 years of short-sell analysis after GameStop woes
Michael Burry: "There won't be another like [GME]."
GME & NVAX
YOLO'd $84K @ $488 yesterday premarket not even thinking about selling
I’m fuk bear more.
Margin Maintenance Requirements being jacked up to force margin calls
With little changes to my portfolio since Monday, my margin maintenance has tripled. This is due to RH raising these requirements based on the implied volatility in BB and NOK. Would be the same for GME but luckily you fucks are smart and are not buying on margin.  It is not possible for me to easily move to another brokerage or simply “turn off” margin, for those who don’t know how that shit works. So I’m asking for help for myself and others that need a clever approach beyond adding funds or closing positions (I’ll likely have to close for a huge loss but selling is what they want).
MSNBC wants to remind us "stonks go up" and that wall street's panties are in a bunch because Reddit has "spoiled it's illusion" - to the moon boys!
WSB PIONEER. FEARLESS BAG HOLDER. BETTER THAN DIAMOND HANDS. RICHER THAN YOUR WIFE’S BOYFRIEND’S UNCLE. YES, THIS IS NONE OTHER THAN DEEPFUCKINGVALUE HIMSELF.
Vanguard's opinion piece. They don't realize the greater fool is the Hedgies who shorted the stock >140%
Burry is catching on, keep talking about the blatant collusion between hedge funds. They won’t get away with it this time.
Michael Burry just stating the facts as always, BUY DIP and HOLD
Screw The Theta Value Lost, I'm Exercising This Feb Call Option Today So You Buy Them For Me
A Hypothetical of why RobinHood started pulling GME stock from margin accounts & their "partial stock ownership / Fraction Shares" investing tool.
Hello fellow autists, it's me, another WSB shitposter who got lucky with predicting the 2018 sell off and made a bunch of tendies only to lose a majority of it YOLO'ing on call options for a triple leveraged natural gas futures ETF banking on a 3rd 2019 polar vortex.  (FOR THE RECORD I still think it was a good play, but some weird gulf front forced it to teeter out right at the TN state line and pooped all over my position.)  \- In other words I like to think about dumb shit a lot of other people don't really consider and this is one of them.     # The Great RobinHood Ass-Covering   (sources listed at bottom for images & info btw)     Pre-cursor Statements:      This is sort of a question + hypothetical + little tinfoilery so bear with me regarding RobinHood's "f ractional share " / "p artial stock " ownership investing tool ( I'm not sure what they call it ).   I'm also under the assumption a lot of you purchased these 'partial shares' in an attempt to get in with the GME move.    The Hypothetical Rambling:    So let's  . So if Robinhood is selling these fractional shares... wouldn't they have to initially own the whole share in order to partition this stock into sublet shares to sell on their platform?  Enter the tinfoil hypothetical -   Robinhood never actually bought the GME stock and just sold the partial shares to investors, effectively creating their own uncovered GME position.   You autists purchased so many GME fractional shares that Robinhood's risk assessment team had a stroke. Combined with the GME shares they handed over on margin, the fact multiple major short-positioned HFs were frantically covering their own ass, and how many " whole shares " were needed for covering all the sold " fractional shares ", RobinHood had created themselves an environment in which they are getting fucked harder than a mollied-up Kimberly Guilfoyle at an RNC convention. Once the realization set in that RobinHood is potentially on the line for 1,000,000s of uncovered GME shares they had to do something.  Welcome to Thursday 01/28/2021 where Robinhood freezes the sales of GME, strips margin accounts of GME positions, and gets their hands dirty in price manipulation based on the fact they had control over a massive GME purchasing power group. My hypothesis is they used this time to cover their own asses and buy their own shares of GME to close out this magnificent fucking failure of their own investing platform. It's completely possible they are even the reason behind the +100% short interest because they were borrowing already short-sold shares from Citron to sell the margin account GME positions and fractional shares.       TL;DR   \- Robinhood put themselves in their own short-sold position with GME with fractional shares, possibly margin sales as well, and they halted the GME stock on their platform so they themselves could cover.  This is just speculation and a thought, I'm curious if this holds any weight or could be a realistic situation. What are your thoughts?     Sources:                    EDIT 1:   Additional note - it's possible they planned to pay out the fractional shares a cash-dollar amount based on performance but then we find ourselves in a darker place. If the partial equity ( fractional share ) was never real in the first place, and the bought + settlement exchange is cash only and detached from an underlying asset... wouldn't this effectively be a Ponzi Scheme?    EDIT 2: Apparently they aren't allowing people to buy fractional shares anymore on GME   \- this potentially supports my hypothetical.
DFV talks to the Wall Street Journal
He’s officially famous boys      The investor who helped direct the world’s attention to GameStop, leading a horde of online followers in a bizarre market rally that made and lost fortunes from one day to the next, says he’s just a normal guy.  “I didn’t expect this,” said Keith Gill, 34 years old, known as “DeepF—ingValue” by fans on Reddit’s WallStreetBets forum and “Dada” by his 2-year-old daughter. He said he didn’t set out to draw the attention of Congress, the Federal Reserve, hedge funds, the media, trading platforms and hundreds of thousands of investors.  “This story is so much bigger than me,” Mr. Gill told The Wall Street Journal in his first interview since the unboxing this week of a volatile new stock market game. “I support these retail investors, their ability to make a statement.”  To many of them, Mr. Gill—who until recently worked in marketing for Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Co.—is the force behind the triple-digit gains in shares of the videogame retailer GameStop, up more than 900% this year through Thursday. On Wednesday, the stock jumped 135% to $ , a record, before plunging to $194 a share Thursday as online brokerages c  down. At the start of the year, GameStop shares went for around $18.  Many online investors say his advocacy helped turn them into a force powerful enough to cause big losses for established hedge funds and, for the moment, turn the investing world upside down.  Mr. Gill posted a screenshot of his brokerage account Wednesday, showing a roughly $20 million daily gain on GameStop shares and options. “Your steady hand convinced many of us to not only buy, but hold. Your example has literally changed the lives of thousands of ordinary normal people. Seriously thank you. You deserve every penny,” replied one Reddit user, reality_czech.  The next day, Mr. Gill posted another screenshot—showing about a $15 million loss. After Thursday’s market close, his E Trade brokerage account, viewed by the Journal, held around $33 million, including GameStop stock, options and millions in cash.  “He always liked money,” said Elaine Gill, his mother. As a child, she said, “he would get money from those scratch tickets that people didn’t know they’d won. People would throw them on the ground…A lot of times there was still money on them.”  Mr. Gill’s online persona—he goes by “Roaring Kitty” on YouTube—has drawn tens of thousands of fans and copycats who share screenshots of their own brokerage accounts. As the GameStop frenzy peaked this week, hundreds of thousands of new investors downloaded applications like Robinhood to join the action, according to Apptopia Inc.  Mr. Gill said he wasn’t a rabble-rouser out to take on the establishment, just someone who believes investors can find value in unloved stocks. He never expected to have a legion of fans debating his identity online, or millions of dollars in his trading account, he said. He was just a dad with an online hobby and a plastic kiddie slide on the front lawn of a Boston suburb.  Mr. Gill began investing in GameStop around June 2019, he said, when it was hovering around $5 a share. Earlier that year, the game retailer was hunting for its fifth chief executive in a little over 12 months. Mr. Gill kept buying. Although he never played much besides Super Mario or Donkey Kong, he saw potential for the struggling retailer to reinvigorate itself by attracting new customers with the latest videogame consoles.  “People were doing a quick take, saying GameStop was the next Blockbuster, ” he said, a chain caught in a retail decline. “It appeared many folks just weren’t digging in deeper. It was a gross misclassification of the opportunity.”  Mr. Gill, tall with shoulder-length hair, opened a YouTube channel last summer, and he worked in the basement of the home he rents in Wilmington, Mass., to avoid disturbing his daughter after bedtime, he said. On his channel, he touted GameStop and Belgian beers. His favorite is Delirium Tremens.  On a recent YouTube live-stream, he wore a red headband and aviator sunglasses while fielding questions on stocks. He poured himself Prosecco then switched to beer as he celebrated big gains and gave shout-outs to legions of viewers and traders in a seven-hour-plus extravaganza. The stream has tallied more than 200,000 views.  Mr. Gill’s obscene username on Reddit’s WallStreetBets forum is supposed to reflect a belief in value investing—buying shares of companies that are inexpensive relative to the underlying business.  Among his many Reddit fans, Mr. Gill “will go down as the greatest legend in the history of WallStreetBets,” said Jon Hagedorn, a 34-year-old training supervisor based in Ronkonkoma,   “He’s the original OG.”  The stock’s wild ride, seemingly divorced from standard measures of corporate value, has spurred complaints that investors banding together to provoke this kind of frenzy amounts to market manipulation.  The Securities and Exchange Commission said Friday it would “act to protect retail investors when the facts demonstrate abusive or manipulative trading activity.” Mr. Gill said he hasn’t heard from the SEC.  Fast times  “The first thing that I had asked him when this craziness started was: is this illegal or anything dishonest? He said, ‘No mom, it’s not,’” recalled Ms. Gill, who lives in Brockton, Mass., where she and Steve Gill raised their son.  In high school, Mr. Gill was a distance runner, and he earned national honors on the team at nearby Stonehill College, where he graduated in 2009 with an accounting major. He ran a four-minute mile until sidelined by an Achilles injury.  Mr. Gill moved to New   for a few years and found a mentor, an investor and software developer his aunt introduced him to. He holds a designation as a Chartered Financial Analyst and said he was drawn by the complexity and challenge of stock picking, which became an outlet for the energy he once put into running. He started working at MassMutual in 2019.  In the summer of 2019, he started building his position in GameStop and would post screenshots of his E Trade account’s options positions on WallStreetBets forum. “Holy s— bro, what made you drop 53K on GameStop?” one trader posted about one of Mr. Gill’s screenshots in September 2019.  In the months that followed, he posted regularly, putting up a “GME YOLO update,” a reference to GameStop’s ticker and the mantra “you only live once.” He showed off gains in the five- and six-digits, and times when his investments plunged.  Mr. Gill stuck with GameStop, and his wagers became day-trader lore.  To fans, he tapped into the desire by millions of amateur investors around the   to try their hand at stock trading. Trading fees have fallen to zero, and apps allow investors to buy and sell on their phones. The easy market access is augmented by an online community swelled with eager helpers.  Many first-time investors stuck at home in the pandemic said they found solace in chatting with others online about trading stocks or options, as well as hearing from those making profitable bets.  The discourse isn’t always positive. An off-Reddit chat room associated with WallStreetBets is filled with obscenity, racism and antigay screeds. Many on the platforms lash out against Wall Street power players, and some express a desire to see the financial pros reel from losses.  “I’m not out for anybody,” Mr. Gill said. “Roaring Kitty was an educational channel where I was showcasing my investment philosophy.”  Bear bust  Many on Wall Street disagreed with Mr. Gill’s bullish view on GameStop and have taken a big hit as a result. Hedge funds and other investment professionals piled into wagers that the shares would tumble.  To bet against a stock, hedge funds borrow shares and sell them, hoping to buy them back later at a lower price and return them. That allows them to pocket the difference between the prices. But when a shorted stock stages such a dramatic rally, it turns painful, often forcing them to exit from the positions by purchasing shares at a loss. In turn, that can inspire sharp gains in stocks, known as a “short squeeze.”  The bearish positioning of hedge funds was part of what drew many small GameStop investors, anticipating a short squeeze. Mr. Gill said his investing strategy didn’t entirely depend on a short squeeze, but he knew others were potentially betting on it.  So far, the professionals have been wrong, giving a win to Mr. Gill and other individual investors who bet big on GameStop. Hedge funds like Melvin Capital Management and Maplelane Capital were the ones burned, as well as jeered by boastful Reddit investors.  Many others have piled into GameStop, trying to ride the rally “to the moon,” as many Reddit investors say. Individual investors have also piled into shares of companies like AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc. in the hopes of catching similar momentum and making a quick buck.  GameStop has garnered hundreds of thousands of posts over the past month across Reddit, Twitter and Facebook, according to data this week from Meltwater, a global media intelligence company. As the stock has vaulted higher, its shares have traded in a frenzy, making it one of the most popular bets in the   market in recent days, according to Dow Jones Market Data.  Seasoned traders are starting to take into account the behavior of influential investors like Mr. Gill and others.  Mark Sebastian, founder of Chicago-based Options Pit and an options trader for around 20 years, has developed a screener analyzing reams of stocks to spot those with heavy activity from individual investors. He buys or sells options based on which stocks are gaining momentum, trying to ride the wave higher or lower. Recently, this included AMC, though he said he wasn’t a fan.  “We’re trying to get on these names before they completely take off,” Mr. Sebastian said, calling one recent trade “free money.”  Mr. Gill said his life has changed overnight and hasn’t set his future plans. He would like to continue the “Roaring Kitty” YouTube channel, maybe buy a house. “I thought this trade would be successful,” he said, “but I never expected what happened over the past week.”  He has one dream in mind. “I always wanted to build an indoor track facility or a field house in Brockton,” he said of his hometown. “And now, it looks like I actually could do that.”  —Elisa Cho, Jim Oberman and Caitlin McCabe contributed to this article.
GME update - bought more. YOLO!!
TR YOLO 45% short interest and a Tootsie roll rocket to go to the
DISCORD SERVERS BACK UP
WE ARE DOING OUR BEST OVER HERE. HAVENT SLEPT IN DAYS.       current status: up but unstable
Reminder to take a break every now and then
Staring at your phone or computer all day won't really affect anything. Just because it goes up 20%, doesn't mean you're gonna sell. Just because it goes down 20%, doesn't mean you're gonna sell. But these two cases can be really damaging to your psyche. This is true psychological warfare, and if you want to win, the winning move is not to play.      Just take 20 minutes every now and then. Go make some good food, go water your plants, jerk off, play a game of rocket league, go outside throw rocks at cars, dig a hole with a stick... Just disconnect and keep your mind healthy.      I love all of you guys. Take care.  🤲
NOK DD ahead of earnings (Feb 4th)
This is not a distraction from GME or any other stock. This is just a simple DD on why NOK could moon ahead of its earnings report (Feb 4th).    1) 5G. 5G. 5G. 5G. NOK is a leader in the 5G technology space and there are plenty of reasons why 5G will create additional upside in the stock.      5G paves the way for autonomous vehicles   NOK was Selected for   Federal 5G Security Project    2) This is a technology company (think TSLA, AAPL, AMZN) and not an old phone company.       NOK is a major contender in the cybersecurity AND AI autonomous vehicles space. The company has partnerships with other large companies in both the United States and  Europe. This means GROWTH GROWTH & GROWTH which is what investors care about.     3) Remember that Trump launched the Space Divison last year? How much money does the United States spend on defense every year? >> $750Bn      In 2020 NASA awarded Nokia (NOK) first mobile cellular network on the moon (no pun intended here). Stocks pertaining to the Space economy are a new emerging sector  right now. You're seeing all these Space ETFS coming into the market.  This new emerging space economy is worth around $2 trillion.     4) THE STOCK HAS BARELY MOVED YET.      I took this information from wsbtrack:      GME - 36% of reddit trading the stock - up 1036% this month      AMC - 16% of reddit trading teh stock - up 326% this month      NOK - 10% of reddit trading the stock - up 25% this month  I am long Feb-05-2021 $5 Call Option \[50 contracts\] into the earnings report on Feubrary-04-2021. I paid 65c for it. NOK has to be above   for me to breakeven.    DISCLAIMER: THIS IS NOT FINANCIAL ADVICE. DO YOUR OWN DUE DILIGENCE. I LIKE THE STOCK.
You guys have inspired me to a level I’ve never felt before
Paying off student loans. Paying off medical bills. Donations to important causes. Gaining autonomy and fucking over a system that has fucked you over for a LONG time. I’ve legitimately never been this inspired.  I was just a little kid when 2008 happened, and my dad had a stable enough job to where I didn’t really need to be worried. Luckily, I haven’t accrued a ton of crippling debt or medical needs yet either. I understand that’s not the case for everyone, and seeing stories on here about how people fall into very bad situations shatters my heart. And now, I see you taking it all back.  Some of you guys are risking EVERYTHING, not blinking at the sight of losing your life savings, all for the chance of sending the strongest message the financial world has ever seen. I may not have as much to put in, but I’m holding for YOU GUYS. The ones who could lose it all if this goes badly, I’m holding for YOU.  Yesterday, I told my dad about my positions (literally all GME). He’s always encouraged me to make smart investments, so he was very skeptical.  “Alex, they can find shady ways to get themselves out of this”  “The share is worth $4, please get out in time”  “This almost sounds like a Ponzi scheme”  I heard it all from him. In response, I told him:  “Dad, we can remain retarded longer than they can remain solvent”  I could see his faith in my investments drain from his face.  A good chunk of my family and friends think I’m pants on head retarded (which I guess is true in its own right) for continuing to hold when I could’ve already sold for profit. But I’m NOT. FUCKING. SELLING.  This is the most proud I’ve ever been to be a part of this sub. I’ve been around for a while, and I’ve never seen anything this preposterous happen. Maybe this sub will never go back to being the same after all the growth, but wow what a fucking way to spark the change if that’s the case.  Source: am retrad
BBBY on WeBull - $45k YOLO
GME and BB chart are waaay to similar to each others. (Sorry BB is in Canadian pesos)     🤘
HOW MANY TIMES DO WE HAVE TO TEACH YOU OLD MAN
The show goes on!
DTCC's role in haulting RH buy orders.
Mods please make sure WSB's culture remains intact
I'm tired of seeing all these emotional posts and patting on the back. THIS IS NOT WSB. We are a bunch of degenerates trading our live savings away.   We now have over 6MM retards from   a week back. That's cool. But mods please make sure Reddit's culture doesn't influence our culture. This is a politically incorrect subreddit, and I hope it remains the way it was.  And if you're new here, make sure to read on WSB's history and how it operates. Stop posting your pennystocks and onlyfans and start eating crayons like the rest of us.
Dirty Tactics and You: What comes next, and why you should keep holding through it all
#  Important Edit   The mods have made a post explaining much more thoroughly the risks that are actually involved. I recommend everyone   just how things can result in everyone getting nothing.  \              First off, I am not a financial advisor and currently hold shares in GME. I stand to gain or lose from this as much as anyone else invested in GME at this time.  I'm seeing a lot of talk about the mind games at play here. The important one to note is that many billionaires and talking heads are making this to be the day that makes or breaks us. This is not true. As explained in several other posts there is still plenty of time for them to cover, and it will take them days to do so. This may not even end next week.    \ \ DO NOT SELL TODAY\ \     It's the end of the month. People need to pay rent. Many people have everything they're worth riding on this. They will say and do everything they can today and this weekend to scare you, and make you want to exit with the gains you have. This is one of only many potential plays they have. Here is a list of other things to come:    \ \ Coordinated downtime of various brokers\ \     We've already seen this. Be prepared for Robinhood and their window-licking collective to throw their hands in the air and say "Woops, trade volume crashed our services, sorry kids!" The upside here is that you can't sell if things are frozen, but they'll tank the price while it's down to make you panic over potential losses and pressure you into selling when the app recovers.       \ \ Blatant Lying on Positions\ \     One of the main resources we have been using to track where we are in all of this is % of float shorted. If people decide to start lying about these numbers there isn't much to stop them. They have the ability to do so, it's on us to confirm with numbers whether or not that's true. If Shitadel/Marvin/Anyone Else decides to start making up numbers they'll try to convince everyone they're already out of their positions. When they do that, the media will start blaring horns about "Unnatural meme stock prices". Again, we've already seen this with various shithole news outlets and talking heads.    \ \ Forced Sell Limits\ \     Sell limits are important, and to be honest I don't know enough about how they're managed by the algos to say exactly what effects they have on automated services. They're so important, that RH and other brokers are rejecting limit sells at what they consider unreasonable prices. This is also a scare tactic. What happens if things sky rocket but you can't login to make your sell at a real price? Better make it something more reasonable for those big boys in suits to pick up, something under $10k, right?    Fuck you, HOLD!    They can't do this forever. Retail holds a very large amount of available shares, and they will need the vast majority, if not all of them, to cover their positions. WE GET TO MAKE THE PRICE. GME GO              Realistically, I know there are people here that put in their net worth and don't want to hold forever. 5 shares at $5000, $6000, or even $9000 is life changing money for them. I understand this. But the potential is there for this to go much, much higher. We now hold all of the cards, the chips, the blow, the table,    AND THE HOUSE!    They're looking to buy back in. We get to name the price. Don't miss that opportunity.  Once again, I'm just some dude on the internet. Don't use this as financial advice. But also                                          GME                                   TL;DR  Bad people are bad. They will lie, they will cheat, they might even steal. They will threaten you. They will scare you. The strongest defense you have is to   HOLD AND KEEP HOLDING!   They are desperate and you are winning.  I genuinely believe in the new business model of Gamestop and wish to see it succeed.       -Important Edit-    You will see posts from people claiming horrible, terrible things happened to their accounts, or were reported by news articles. No matter what the claim, even if they have a screenshot 'confirming', wait for more people to source this and verify. They have joined the masses and are doing their best to spread false information. I speculate some screencaps we've seen have been photoshopped or source edited.
DTCs and Clearinghouses: The Shadiness of Yesterday's Buying Halt
Based on my understanding of the process of delivering money from a completed trade...  You sell your shares for a $10 gain. The clearinghouse has to have that $10 and holds it for up to 2 days, then they transfer the liability to a DTC who also has to have your $10 themselves. Then, that DTC goes to the person buying the shares from you for the $10 you earned. They then deliver that back to the clearinghouse or deliver it directly back to you.  The normal collateral rate that a DTC requires a clearinghouse to have is 2%. They raised it to 100% yesterday. Is that unprecedented? It seems like the SNEAKIEST way the big suits could think to stop us from buying GME and starting the squeeze was to up the collateral to an unreasonable level, knowing that the clearinghouses had no option but to ask brokers to stop letting people buy the stock.  It seems to me that some late night phone calls were made before yesterday to these DTC's to up that collateral requirement, knowing that it makes it way less obvious that something corrupt is going on. WeBulls CEO went on Banzinga yesterday and explained this, but i have seen ZERO coverage of this by CNBC. It is so SHADY that Robinhoods CEO didnt mention this once, yet Webull's CEO has no problem saying this on a small youtube channel.     Does that sound likely to any of you more advanced/experienced traders?     WeBull's CEO starts to explains the process around 1:06:20.  You can skip to 1:09:00 for more TLDR info.     (not a meetkevin shill, i just found his channel yesterday)     KEEP YOUR DIAMOND HANDS STRONG MY BOYS
Idea - Aggregating different models to track GME short interest
The short interest % seems to be a big indicator of when the squeeze is happening. One problem is every sites estimates are different. For example Ortex currently has it at 75%, S3 has 113%, Marketwatch has 120% etc.  I wonder if there'd be any value in creating a model that aggregates the GME short data from a bunch of different models so we can trend it. Even though none are fully accurate, if they all drop around the same time that will be a clear sign that the squeeze is upon us and the tendyman cometh.  Now, I am not nearly enough of an autist to do any coding shit to create this model myself. But if there are any programming wiz giga-autists reading this, let me know if this might be worth pursuing, or maybe its just retarded.  Obligatory GME
BB TO THE MOON ALL MY BETS
A GME public service announcement
Doing my part as a broadcaster to tell the truth about Robinhood and their manipulation....
Where my OG’s at????
I just think it’s beautiful how much WSB has exploded over the years. I remember the days when we’d be ridiculed by r/stocks and r/investing for just attempting to post over there. When we had nothing but our shared loss porn to keep us going. When we thought 1ronyman to be our lord and savior. When all was lost in the December Crash. When biotech was the craze. When weed stocks took off and then subsequently fizzled out. When we all doubled down on our Tesla positions in 2018 and lost more than half of it 2019. The road has been long and hard (not as long and hard as my girl’s boyfriend but still) for an autist who’s been fighting the good  fight for 3 years. I can only imagine what it was like in the before days. When market autism was lonely and full of loss.   Remember, we all came to do one thing. Stop being slaves to the scam that is this global economic system. Support our new brothers and sisters in their pursuit. Teach them what we so painfully had to learn so that they might be better than us.  Edit:   Yes I’m fairly new compared to some of you fuckin dinosaurs, get over it.   After hearing everyone’s opinions, I think all the new members would benefit greatly from a paper trading competition like we used to do back in the day, we could even give a cash prize placing 1st, 2nd and 3rd. We could set it up to where all the WSB members donate 1 dollar, we could make someone a millionaire easy. We all have the spare cash to do it! All while teaching people learn some fundamentals cause god knows these new age autists have no idea what they’re doing.
Former theta gang, standing with WSB in solidarity. Closing off short call legs of Covered calls and spreads since they won’t let me buy new calls.
SEC issues statement on past week's turbulent market activity prompted by Reddit-fueled GameStop run
MODS!  Can we get a stickied thread to discuss better trading apps than Robinhood?
Title.  Mods,  We love you. We know your special. <3  Apart from holding $GME, we need to have a thread discussing the different brokerages:  - Who didn't betray retail investors  - Who still as of now, allow options / non-margin purchasing of $GME, $AMC, $BB, $NOK, etc... THAT ARE UNRESTRICTED (RH's 5 shares of $GME is still BLATANT manipulation)  - Whose mobile app is decent  - If any brokerages have a lucrative bonus to leave RH  - etc, etc, etc,  Robinhood needs to feel the burn for that they have done, and what they continue to do. I'm not a millionaire, but I'm moving my $60k account out by Monday. These fuckers wont earn money by holding mine.          MOVE AFTER WE HAVE OUR TENDIES! DONT MOVE YOUR $GME NOW
Degiro looking out for the EU boys. Keeps trading going, and removes market orders which will prevent massively overpaying for the stock. This is how risk management should be done.
My WSB Credo
This is my Portfolio. There are many like it, but this one is mine.  My Portfolio is my best friend. It is my life. I must master it as I must master my life.  Without me, my stock is useless. Without my stocks, I am useless. I must keep my hands diamond. I must buy faster than my enemy who is trying to short me. I must buy before he shorts me. I will ...  My stock and I know that what counts in war is not the shares we buy, the noise of our subreddit, nor the money we make. We know that it is the hits that count. We will hit ...  My stock is human, even as I, because it is my life. Thus, I will learn it as a brother. I will learn its weaknesses, its strength, its parts, its accessories, its shorts and its longs. I will keep my stocks clean and ready, even as I am clean and ready. We will become part of each other. We will ...  Before God, I swear this creed. My stocks and I are the defenders of my country. We are the masters of our enemy. We are the saviors of my life.  So be it, until victory is America's and there is no enemy, but peace!
Will the shorts have to cover at all?
Market Maker: Citadel (Invested in RH and Melvin) Brokerage: RH, IB, etc. (Getting paid 30% interest) Firms shorting: Melvin, Citron  If all of these guys are interconnected, will they even have to pay up at all. I understood earlier the fees being paid alone would cause the squeeze. But if your paying people who all sleep in the same bed, wouldn’t the squeeze burn the whole house down? They probably don’t want that to happen?  Will they wait us out in a large political/legal battle and wait for interest to die down?
What prevents continued artificial share price lowering?
Despite the stock price going down, we're holding the line well because the volume isn't changing much- we're not selling. Instead, the hedges are selling stocks between eachother to artificially get the market to go down. My question is, can they just do that ad infinitum? It almost feels like an OP move, like is there any market consequence for it or is it just a free way to push the market down? And if they can just keep doing it, and we can't buy more than 5 shares, how do we win against that? I'm holding, but holding won't cause it to rise as much as it just prevents it from going down.
Support coming in from Europe. Today I bought 30 GME (9300 dollars) at 305 and so should you! To the moon boys
Thomas Petterfy explains, in detail, his criminal activities from Thursday (please save a copy of this video for the inevitable courtroom hearings)
WSB vs Hedge Funds. Round 1: we’re winning !    ->
DFV interview with WSJ (he wasn’t doxxed)
GME Bullish Price Action - Institutional Targets
A short lesson on how the institutions setup their trades. When a stock gaps up from the previous close the MMs are pricing up so they dont give anyone a free lunch. Usually price will then retrace, the institutions will look to buy the stock at either the 25% retracement or the 50% retracement level between the open and the previous close.  I expect the following price action as at the moment it looks like a nice long accumulation pattern is setting up. Looking for it to break through the capping level (green box) and then make its way back up.        Edit: This is looking good boyos. Through the capping level on increasing buying volume as we go up     I forgot the rockets
Yellen Won't Recuse On GameStop After Paid Almost $1M By Citadel.... Surprise Surprise Surprise!
I AM NOT SELLING, AND NEITHER ARE YOU  🚨🚨🚨FUCK THE MOON, WE'RE GOING TO JUPITER    DOWN WITH FUCKING WALL STREET    I'M HOLDING UNTIL THE SQUEEZE    (disclosure: not financial advice)
A curious discussion of what happens next in the GME saga...
So, first of all, I love what WSB has done. Showing wallstreet and the government the power of the individual. Making hedge fund managers, and the government show their real colors about what they care about (money, not you).  Love it.   The fact that so many people are making money from it at the same time? Love it more.   GME is at an all time high, which is awesome. But what is to stop someone from short selling NOW? (I know basic trading, but short selling is a bit over my head, so forgive my ignorance.) If someone decided to short sell at the current price, the bottom falls out, and it drops back to single digits- they would make a killing right?   So, what is to stop wallstreet mofos from doing this? Yeah, we may have screwed them out of some money temporarily, but if they can do the scenario I just outlined, then we are only making them their money back and then some in the long run.   Also, the cultish attitude of "say nothing else, just buy GME" is a little odd, and has an almost wallstreet mentality. As opposed to a WSB  fuck with the system  mentality.    EDIT    Okay. Addendum to the scenario. One learned commenter said the following "They have shorted already and are running out of money.  But we all will sell eventually.  Be in a couple days/weeks/months,  people will grow bored of this and resell these stocks. GME is basically doomed to go back to $  stocks eventually. So OP wants to know what’s stopping someone from shorting the stocks at their peak, and buying them back when GME does (and it will) plummet back to a reasonable price. I almost guarantee it’ll happen."   Given this, what is to stop me, or anyone else in WSB from shorting TODAY? I mean we were the ones who got it to the price it's at, if we sell our shares, then short it, can't you basically make money going both ways?
Robinhood raises $1 billion and taps credit lines to make trading of GameStop available to customers
Interactive Brokers Founder Peterffry Shut Down Buying to Prevent the Entire System from Collapsing
How to get around selling limits - use a conditional trigger
Some of you are wondering why you can only set your SELL limit so high. I don't know how Fidelity works, but for TDA this means going to the individual stock page and selecting "Set Triggers". Check your other brokerages for similar language.  If GME LAST price = 10,000 create limit sell for 10,000  You'll now find your sell order under Trade > Contingent-Order Status  Considering that we already have reports that RH was paying out up to 6k for fractional shares yesterday, people are saying 10k is a very likely price target. The price you select is up to you. The above value is simply an example. Set your trigger accordingly.  I am not a financial advisor. This is not financial advice. The intent of this post is to make people more familiar with their trading platform, as they appear flustered that they can only set a limit below what they want.
All the same game, NOK BB GME AMC Chart Correlation
Robinhood looking to hire government affairs staffers to navigate their impending congressional hearings
BUY, HOLD AND EXERCISE ATM OPTIONS. $320 has the highest OPEN INTEREST. We need to make this ITM to exercise option!
Reddit investors’ real power is over Wall Street’s future behaviour - via @FT
GME, BB and AMC and how they have moved today. Almost same pictures
Check your sell limits!!! It looks like some retards had a limit sell of ~$415 set and it triggered this am. For the love of tendies, remove the limits or set them to at least $
GME What About Second Breakfast Club Megathread
SEC is probing brokerage firms that restricted trading on GME, and other meme stocks.
We Like The Stock
I'm not fucking leaving... 💪
JUST YOLO’D 50K EGP, LOVE FROM EGYPT
A BIG OL FUCKIN RED DAY MAY BE COMING
First off, read the fucking TLDR because I’m sick of responses from people who didn’t even glance at the post.    Congratulations and holy fuck to those of you in the GME Squeeze. I was a doubter. I missed the boat entirely, but I bought 3 shares this morning at an average of 334 and I’ll hold to oblivion. Seriously. This 1k means absolutely nothing to me. I went   cash yesterday and I will hold this last tiny remaining position until it’s a penny or I hit my sell limit at $4200.  Some of you may have seen this post yesterday    ;utm_medium=ios_app ;utm_name=iossmf  I believe this is true.   This explains the broad market selloff of everything besides squeeze stocks this past week aside from yesterday, and the continued bleed today now that the strategy of forcing the squeezers out by restricting trade seems to have failed.   I had 20k wiped off my account value in hours the other day. That’s not important because it was house money. What’s important is  what caused that fear  and the answer to that may be: a liquidity crisis.   What happens if brokers like IBKR and RH fail? If they are forced to admit margin is ineffective, their risk management systems are flawed, and short squeeze scenarios like this reveal that  they do not have the ability to cover the cash that flows through their institutions ?   What happens if these hedge funds who went naked short get fully liquidated in margin calls  and don’t have the money to back it up?   Not only are we bound to see a  firestorm  of legislation that could scare the markets, the actual  void  of money that will be created could tank everything.   What would the impacts be of Robinhood failing? If  everyone  who has their money in the market via RH pulls out because they’re not sure that their broker actually  has  the money to pay them?   TLDR: If the squeeze gets fully squoze, I am pretty certain the entire market will tank (  with the exception of the squeeze stocks  ) Therefore, please keep squeezing, because I want cheap stocks.  Edit: Changed from DD to discussion because it’s not researched enough and is mostly just me ranting.
These are the boomers who fear you
Leon Cooperman (who's been charged with insiders trading nbd) on WSB making         Old guy clutching pearls shaking fist at clouds.   "Cooperman, the 77-year-old founder of Omega Advisors, spoke scathingly of the “Robinhood market,” a reference to the no-fee stock-trading app and the nonprofessional investors it attracts. He called that market a “loser game” played by people who “don’t have any idea what they’re doing.”   "And he criticized calls for the rich to pay their “fair share” of taxes, expressing his disdain with an expletive.  “It’s just a way of attacking wealthy people, and you know I think it’s inappropriate,” he told viewers. “We all got to work together and pull together"  THAT'S RIGHT YOU GANG OF HIGHLY REGARDED AUTISTS!  HOW DARE YOU OPPRESS THE POOR NEARLY DEAD BILLIONAIRES!   HAVE A HEART!
Cramer trying to throw shade at GameStop as company. Can this guy go any lower
Bought some more from Europe bois, see you at the Moon 🤲
I'm back from my suspension! In my downtime I told the SEC who they need to be looking at here...
As much as I can afford rn, and now I hold.
CNBC on Twitter “The Commission will closely review actions taken by regulated entities that may disadvantage investors”
we can no longer buy US stocks on free trade. What now?
I’m so fucking pissed .   Message I got from my app.   Edit : Guys, I appreciate the recommendations but I can’t use revolt because it won’t let me sign up for a new account. Same with T212 and Etoro.   One Twitter someone said only GME is blocked I free trade not other American stocks
We are in uncharted waters, fellas. And frankly, this water is pretty disgusting.
Fidelity is helping to make sure Robin Hood gets fucked.
So apparently an old employer of mine setup a 401k for me with Fidelity that I didn't know about. Not only, they also put the wrong birthday. So every time I tried to setup a brokerage account, it said I was entering the wrong credentials.   I called Fidelity and they told me I was going to have to submit a paper application to correct the incorrect birthday. I said I'll do that, but I'll probably try to find someone else, because I'm trying to get my assets out of my Robin Hood account. He asked to put me on hold to see if there was something he could do in the back office. He put me on with someone with the 401k department (he stayed on the line while I talked to her). In the end, she told me I was going to have to do a paper application too. He thanked her for her help and told me to stay on the line so he could see if he could try something else. Best fucking customer service. He helped walk me through creating an account, changed my birthday, and walked me through get a transfer set up for my assets at Robin Hood.  The customer service is such a refresher from the nightmare we've had to deal with with Robin Hood.  I love capitalism. The power of competition. Fuck Robin Hood.  Edit: Anyone know how to fill out a customer service survey? I got the guy's name and want to let Fidelity know how impressed I was with him.
How many days in a row have you missed the GME   to hop on AMC or NOK or BB?
So for the past 5 days now GME has been going up and a lot of people have been asking “what’s next” and we have been telling them that GME is not done. The short squeeze hasn’t happened yet. But every single day more and more people hop on to these other stocks riding the GME wave and every one of these stocks underperforms GME every single day. GME is up 63%, NOK is up 7% , BB is up 8%, even AMC is up 49% a WHOLE 14% less than GME.  My question for you guys is are you hopping in the GME short squeeze and helping hold the line or are you guys ok with mediocre tendies when you could be on the  ?
Sold all my positions and put it all on GME - ride with me through the gates of Valhalla brothers 🦧
MSTR Update Jan 29 Yolo. Going to the moon
Only 18, dont have a lot to invest, but doing my part from Brazil
FUCK YOU CRAMER WE NEVER SELL
This is why we are different
The Media can say whatever they want about us but this, this right fucking here is why we are different.  What do the Hedge Funds do that are so important to everyone's lives do when they take our money?  They buy a 5th or 6th or 10th house, more yachts which really enable trickle down economics (THE BIGGEST SCAM OF THEM ALL).  WHAT DO WE DO - WE PUT THE MONEY BACK INTO THE COMMUNITY  From the interview with  :  He has one dream in mind. "I always wanted to build an indoor track facility or a field house in Brockton," he said of his hometown. "And now, it looks like I actually could do that."  There are countless posts of food bank donations, the money given to charities from our small winnings.  What do Hedge Funds give back?    ABSOLUTELY FUCKING NOTHING   and this right here is the problem with this country.  It needs fixed and fixed in a major way.  You guys and gals are all my heroes.  I know none of you personally but if I ever see one of you anywhere, ever, drinks are on me!  \- I took the above quote from my TD account and not sure who gets ultimate credit for the report but here are the names I see:  \--Elisa Cho, Jim Oberman and Caitlin McCabe contributed to this article
GME to the moon           APES TOGHETER STRONG!
Will this end up being a slap on the wrist, or actual change?
SUPPORT SCHWAB & AMERITRADE FOR NO RESTRICTIONS $SCHW
Charles Schwab/TD Ameritrade and Fidelity   were the only large brokerages that did not lock out its users and allow massive market manipulation by Citadel.  $SCHW owns and operates both TD Ameritrade and Charles Schwab and has the most to gain from this Citadel/market manipulation fiasco.  We should show some love to $SCHW by the best way possible - buying the fuck out of the stock and transferring over your investments/holdings. I would also go long Fidelity investments but it is not publicly traded.  We need to send   RobinHood, ETrade   and   Webull   a message by leaving their brokerages in the masses.   We will not tolerate Market Manipulation.   This will be the fastest way to say FUCK YOU to each platform. The upcoming class action lawsuites will decide their fate later.    User Growth:    The amount of brand new retail investors opening up accounts over the past week is ridiculous. GME + AMC + BB pump has been blasted across every media station. Even my girlfriend's boyfriend signed up and asked me for investing advice.  Combine that with all the upset Robinhood, E Trade, WeBull users that will be transferring their investments/holdings to Fidelity/Ameritrade/Schwab next week.  More users = more deposits/commission = more profits = stonks go up    Discount:    $SCHW is trading at a 16% discount (as of PM on Friday) from its January high all while new retail investors and user registrations and deposits reached an all time high over the past week.  Schwab and TD Ameritrade were so overloaded that it was experiencing a slow down over the past few days due to the insane amount of new retail investors and increased usage.    Average Daily Users    The average daily website users has seen almost a 20% increase from the October 2020 numbers to December 2020 alone. The January numbers will even be substantially higher with TD Ameritrade and Schwab both reporting network strain due to the influx of new investors signing up last week to get into GME/AMC/BB. This trend wont be stopping anytime soon, the retail investor's strength is gaining. Just look at Wallstreetbets alone we had   million members as of Monday and now we are sitting at   million.          Upcoming Earnings    $SCHW is going to absolutely destroy upcoming earnings. They acquired TD Ameritrade on October 6. The amount of new retail investors has exploded over the last couple of months. Everyone seems to be investing with their tendy money. Just look at last years growth in new accounts. Current Q1 2021 numbers will blow away these registrations to the point that the servers were overloaded the past week with so many registrations. Their next earnings report for Q1 2021 will be the first quarter with 3 full months of combined revenue from both TD Ameritrade and Charles Schwab. There will also be a mass exodus of upset traders fleeing Webull, Etrade and Robinhood by the thousands and transfers their assets into TD Ameritrade and Schwab.    Future/Longevity of Brokerages:    TD Ameritrade/Schwab will be one of the few brokerages not being slammed by class action lawsuites as a result of the manipulation today. E Trade, RobinHood and Webull will have users fleeing in the masses to new brokerages. Do you really want to leave your money sitting on a brokerages that may have pending lawsuites against it and possible liquidity issues?    Price Target:   Bank of America just upgraded $SCHW on January 12 giving it a $68 target. Stating their has been mass growth in retail users. This was prior to the new user explosion the past 2 weeks. This stock will easily run to $70 once data comes out for January 2021 on the amount of new users and transfers.    TLDR:   Transfer your money/holdings from your scumbag brokerages into TD Ameritrade/Schwab since it was one of the only brokerages who didn't lock out its users. Combine that with expected next earnings beat thanks to growth in retail users + account transfers. Load up in calls in the process and get rich as we send it to the moon. Fuck RH, WeBull, ETrade. LONG $SCHW and show it some love  Entered into 02/05/2021 $57 Calls  DIRT CHEAP, Can run back to   just on a market rally alone, with media coverage and WSB support we will see 60$+ next week.  There will be a shit storm of news against Robinhood for class action lawsuites and traders transferring their assets. $SCHW will run all next week as a result.
ALL HAIL KING CHAMATH - BUY IPOE
3 Reasons to buy IPOEEEEEE  1. Chamath is our fucking king and he’s merging his SPAC (IPOE) with SoFi so yeah.  Evidence of him being a king here     2. IPOE is a friend of WSB. They didn’t ban GME and AMC like the other piece of shit brokers   3. SoFi actually a great company and will be a great long term  Edit: forgot to include these
Everything i have to spare, Lets show these pricks what we can do

I'm doing my part!
We did it, guys. Btw congrats on 6 million submembers!
Market Battle Music Thread
As the stock market goes up down and fucking sideways I need some motivational tunes to help power up my diamond hands into adamantium claws. Please leave a comment with a link to a great song that motivates! Credit the artist though please!    I'll start with some of my faves:    Mick Gordon - The Only Thing they Fear is You:       Trent Reznor & Atticus Ross - In the Hall of the Mountain King:      Archie Eversole ft. Bubba Sparxxx - We Ready:      The Fups - Lazy Generation:      Kaiser Chiefs - I Predict A Riot:      Drake - Started From The Bottom:      Travie McCoy ft. Bruno Mars - Billionaire:      Chris Brown ft. Lil Wayne, Busta Rhymes - Look at Me Now:
January 29 Update. Hold the fucking line! Still not selling.
$STPK TENDIES
DD on $STPK  Stem Inc. ($STPK) is an energy storage company focusing on battery storage systems, network integration, and battery optimization. They brand themselves as "the first pure play smart energy storage company to go public" - a lot of buzz words I know but bear with me  First, let's take a moment to quickly understand how battery storage works. Battery storage is a type of energy storage power station that uses a group of batteries to store electrical energy. This is primarily used in the renewables space with solar and wind energy. In recent years battery storage (and in part renewable energy) hasn't seen the exponential growth that many are expecting due to limitations in battery technology and high development costs.  This being said, recent developments of battery tech and reduction of costs have now made battery storage much more feasible at the commercial / industrial level. Battery storage still has ways to go in the residential space due to risks that come with it.     While battery storage has improved, it will not be stand alone solution for many years to come because it simply isn't feasible with our global energy infrastructure. Battery storage will work with our interconnected grid to reduce imbalances between energy demand and energy production.  Ok, so now that we know how it works, what does the market look like?    All major global markets are forecasted to double over the next decade   Over the next decade, the US market is expected to grow at \~45% CAGR and the global market is expected to grow 31% CAGR   Future tailwinds with improvements in the regulatory environment     Great, so how is $STPK revolutionizing this space? They are doing so by providing a "one stop shop" solution for utility companies. Stem's solution can provide integrations with hardware (batteries) and the grid (network), while also using an AI powered software solution to optimize their energy storage.           Their solution could possible replace other pure play companies in the value chain which is key.  Interesting, so let's move on to their AI software called Athena. Athena is an operating system for energy distribution and storage systems, collecting big data that enables customers to alternate between onsite generation, grid power or battery power.        Athena is a HUGE part of their value proposition and truly could be revolutionary. It is a large part of their moat, as they have 24 issued patents for it (so no competitor can replicate it).  Now, let's move onto their financials. First, it's important to understand they have a hardware and software business    Increased rev from $17 mil to $33 mil YoY, expected to increase to $147 mil in 2021   81% CAGR from 2020-2026   Gross margins have hovered around 12-18% since 2018 but expected to increase to 40%+ by 2026   90% of forecasted 2021 revs are from closed executed contracts (not pipeline!) -> underpromising and overdelivering   Software revenue expected to account for 30% of total revenues by 2026      $14 mil in 2020 -> $240 mil by 2026              A majority of their revenues are from their hardware segment but it will be interesting to see how Athena contributes to their financials moving forward. They need to execute yes, but I'm confident they can do so given it has been in development for 5+ years, and they have continuously improved upon due to years of data collection. They might have used this time to validate Athena with their customers and now feel comfortable scaling it exponentially.  Lastly, I was curious to see how they compare to Tesla as well all know a large part of Tesla's valuation is their energy business. Interestingly enough, they actually use batteries from Tesla, Samsung, and Panasonic. Additionally, they have a partnership with Tesla.           In my opinion, this is an extremely attractive play in the renewables space as it is one of the pick and shovel plays in the space.  TLDR: Stem is a leading player in the energy storage market as they have solutions to address all major aspects of the value chain. More specifically:    Large TAM + strong macro tailwinds      \~$  trillion in new revenue opportunities for integrated storage expected to be deployed by 2050      Battery storage capacity expected to increase by 25x by 2030   Market leader with best in class technology      900+ systems operating or contracted with Athena      75% market share in CA BTM storage market, largest in the US      First mover AI platform that operates with 40+ utilities, 5 grid operators and over 16MM runtime hours   Highly visible growth      Recurring revenue streams provide strong financial position to accelerate growth      Revenues projected to grow at \~51% CAGR from 2021 to 2026  Hope y'all enjoy! Long $STPK
Not the most in the world but I’m doing my part!
NO I DONT WHINK I WILL.  🏻    🏻
Gentlemen, Ladies and Retards. We are being monitored.
We did it. WSB set the world on fire 🔥 and the market will never be the same again
Guys, this is insane. We are worldwide news. I found this sub two years ago and it has literally and figuratively changed my life. Thank you for everyone here for all you/we do and let’s stay on the gas. This isn’t just about GME/AMC etc.  Robinhood/TD/CNBC/ETC all shitting their pants. It’s time that Wall Street fears us. It’s our money they have been playing with for 100+ years and we bail them out time and time again.  This is a massive shift in the market and there is no turning back now.  GME $26 4/16 Calls   200 shares at $30/share      LFG
Mark Cuban dropping some knowledge for us. HOLD ON TIGHT
Now they're doing it to Europe too.
Robin Hood is limiting purchases to 5 shares
Spread this message, you fucking retards.  Can't own more than 5 shares, apparently.  Help get the word out and put RH through the guillotine.
Freetrade (UK) has completely blocked buying! Bollocks to this ‘Free Market’.
JIM Cramer is fine! Back to the moon!!!
BUY THE DIP. HOLD THE LINE.
IG is down in the UK!
ITS BACK UP - HOLD!   TODAY MIGHT NOT BE THE SQUEEZE DAY - STAY CALM AND WAIT FOR THE TENDIES
Suck my dick Jim Cramer, it’s not about winning it’s about making them lose.
Tesla record minimum #GME
Say it with me. WE. ARENT. FUCKIN. SELLING.
Pick a broker, any broker   The GME of STOP?   Excellent choice
The 99% does matter!!!
GUYS PLEASE READ THIS   I know you all wanna make money, i know you all wanna make profits. but please please hold. what they did yesterday they did on purpose. this is a real war and yes we lost a battle yesterday but we are all dependening on each other. if you sell you hurt all of us. it has become much more then making profits. it's showing the 1% WE MATTER, it's showing them that we STAND TOGETHER. please don't sell for now. don't forget that THEY BOUGHT MORE SHARES AT LOW PRICES in order to sell them back to us at higher prices in order to get it down again and make a panic sell. please hold for our futures as PEOPLE WHO MATTER!!!!  Guys, this is a war.   We need to get everyone in with us.  We all know what they did, they lowerd prices so they can buy low and now they will try to push prices down when selling whatever they bought yesterday. please don't let them. lets stay together.
We are doing silver squeeze wrong
Ladies and gentlemen, as you can see from my wsb post history, I am an OG precious metals bull. And I am all for teaching a lesson to silver short sellers and manipulators. They are truly the next level boss compared to those funds, who shorted meme stocks. But dear friends, you are doing wrong if you buy ETFs like SLV or SIVR because   JPM  , by far the biggest manipulator and the biggest power in silver market,   will be on both sides of your trade  . You can read my old simple write up about how this came to be  .  TL;DR: JPM is, supposedly, both the biggest shortseller of Comex futures contracts and the custodian of silver on which above-mentioned ETFs are based upon. You can not initiate a short squeeze if the other side’s long position is increasing in value by your own hand.  There’s a high possibility, that those paper ETF obligations are largely speculative and uncovered by actual physical silver. You can see that Comex delivery and generally silver market recipients are mostly ETFs in recent years, who cover their paper positions when they want to. Read the prospects of those ETFs: SLV is not required to immediately purchase physical silver to cover your investments in that instrument, they simply track the price.    Again, I repeat: do not buy SLV or SIVR   if you are aiming for a short squeeze. That would be exactly like trying to start a short squeeze on GME by sending fees to Melvin Capital.  Instead, if you can,   buy actual silver futures  . Store it in your mothers basement, if you have to. That will make them feel the real pain.  If you absolutely have to buy silver ETF, I suggest going for PSLV by Sprott or similar instruments. They are redeemable for institutions actual physical silver ETF and purchase silver from Canadian Royal Mint, if I’m not mistaken. You can read the prospect  .  Full disclosure: not an investment advise. I personally hold no physical silver ETFs, but I am long on numerous silver miners positions (most of which I listed on wsb).  Remember, we are the captain now. Good luck, frenz.    funny enough, PSLV is an actual name of Indian rocket. So              Temporary edit: it seems that due to insane activity on wsb bots at the present moment are removing instantly any comments made as new comment thread, I got dozens of notifications saying that new comments are added, yet I can't see them in the submission. So if you want to share your thoughts, ask a question, or add your critique - please post it under other comments or DM me.
I JUST LOVE HOW THE BIG INVESTMENT FIRMS ARE READING THIS TRYING TO MAKE SENSE OF IT. FUCK YOU WE ARE HOLDING
Any big drops with low volumes are likely short ladder attack!
Just a friendly reminder that big drops in price could very likely be because of short ladder attacks where the funds sell their stocks back and forth to artificially drop the price. This is usually an attempt to scare people to sell. They did it yesterday to.  The only thing you can do is hold and remove stop losses so they don't get triggered. Usually after the attack the stop goes back up.   I am not giving financial advice. All I want is them bleed so tell you this so you can decide what you want to do!
Hedge funds knowing they lost billions to Reddit shitposters
I know it doesn’t seem like a lot but this a good chunk of my savings Lmao, LETS GO BOYS run this sh t
Robinhood Jan 19th - Offensively low limits for $GME $AMC $BB $NOK and others
Can someone tell me what’s this is about? I’m totally confused I’ve not set anything up to sell!!!
FreeTrade app has disabled buying any US stocks.

Can We Recall Our GME Shares?
I noticed that Martin Shkreli   made the decision "to stop lending my $KBIO shares out until I better understand the advantages of doing so. 1/2 I apologize for any inconvenience this may create in lending markets and I will probably resume lending at some point. Happy Thanksgiving!"  Is this something only for rich people to do or can I recall my shares have the broker force buy-in the short sellers?
How much blame should we realistically put on Robinhood?
Yesterday, I was all for taking my business elsewhere, due to the shutting off buying options for GME and AMC, but, after reading the article listed below from WSJ, I’m wondering how much blame is realistically fair. I’m new to investing, so please don’t downvote me to hell. I’m just trying to figure out if Robinhood was attempting to help manipulate the market or if they legitimately couldn’t handle the upfront costs clearinghouses were putting on them due to the serious uptick in trading with volatile stocks.
$AAL and $AMC to the moon
I’m in AAL at 16 and AMC at 13. Both of these stocks are heavily shorted, undervalued, and struggled due to COVID. Both are good long term holds either way, but maybe the WSB fam can rally behind two great companies and buy me some camera gear. Cheers everyone!
The WSB Gauntlet
Don't sell what you cannot buy
RH is STILL manipulating the market. They are not allowing you to invest your money the way you want to. They are only allowing you to buy 5 shares, total. If you already have 5 shares, you can't buy.  This is insane: i have money in my account. Its not margin and it would clear.   The squeeze will continue as more people execute their calls and are able to shore up even more shares.  I'm holding today. 212 shares @ $50  None of this is investment advice.  Fuck Robbing Hood
What if we take over the NASDAQ billboard?
Listen, real talk, I work for a company that can buy billboards per hour at dirt cheap rates. I already bought one in NY (using my own money - check my profile) to support the cause.   I plan on buying the NASDAQ one on Monday to (legally) stick it to Wall Street. Already sent in the order.   My question is - I can probably afford a few hours, but what if we buy it out until the end of the week, the month, hell, even the year? I did the math, it's not that expensive to run it for 1 hour per day and the impact will be way higher than putting that money in the stock.   I'll do it anyway for Monday-Tuesday, but if this catches on, I plan to keep it going. Just looking for some feedback now.   THIS IS THE WAY?
look at those frauds... they just closed their free market. where else can people gamestonk now?
Spent the last of my money to stand in solidarity with my boys in WSB. Thanks y’all. Buy high, sell low. That is the way.
HOOOOOLD!
I STAND WITH YOU MY FELLOW RETARDS
Just    another few GME here in Germany
All in all i now got 2,5k in the rocket to the      Lets gooooo! Btw i really like the stock, what about you retards? Retard energy big with you guys?
Cramer says we sell. DPV says we HOLD!
Why did Robinhood do it? I think they were embarrassed . . .
Like all of us, I was mad as hell when Robinhood blocked buying yesterday.  I started digging into it and the following is what I THINK I know.    I think that Vlad was SORT OF telling the truth about being beholden to their “clearing house” and that the decision to restrict the buying of certain stocks was based on directives from those guys. (Who “those guys” were is trickier . . . )    In his  , Vlad said “As a brokerage firm, we have many financial requirements, including SEC net capital obligations and clearing house deposits. Some of these requirements fluctuate based on volatility in the markets and can be substantial in the current environment.” I think that’s largely a true statement.  The SEC does set monetary levels that brokerage firms must maintain in order to continue to do business.  But in this case, there is no evidence that the SEC had anything to do with the trading restrictions, as the interviewer points out.    So let’s look at the other thing he mentioned--the role clearing houses play.    The way it works is that a trading app like Robinhood doesn’t actually buy the stocks for you—what they do is provide a link from you, the retail investor, to a clearing house that does the actual buying.  You deposit your cash with the app, place your trade, RH sends it to the clearing house, and you almost instantaneously own your stock.  (I won’t cover options here) From your perspective, you put your money in, buy your stocks, and then you own them.  What happens behind the scenes is a bit more complicated.  Your trading app accepts your money and places an order with the clearing house to buy, or sell, the stock at the price that existed when you placed your order.  The clearing house receives the order and actually buys or sells your stock, then lets your trading app know it went through.  Here’s the tricky part—that process between the app and the clearing house can take up to two days.  Normally, this does not affect the retail investor at all—except during the recent unpleasantness.    In normal times, the clearing house will require the trading app to prove they have the money to buy the stock, but the trading app only has to show they have 1-2% of the total amount.  So if you place an order to buy a stock for $100, the clearing house requires the trading app to show liquid funds of 1 – 2 dollars before they will agree to process that trade for the app.  Usually this is not a problem—the app has plenty of money to cover the normal volume of trades.  But with the increased interest in stocks such as GME, the volume of trading went up so high that the clearing house demanded that Robinhood have 100% liquidity to cover the volume.  Robinhood did not have that much liquidity (that’s my guess) so they stopped all buying of the affected stocks.   In the interviews, Vlad said “clearing houseS” – plural – not “clearing house,” singular.  So we must assume they deal with more than one.    Then I started digging to find out WHO these companies are, and . . . nothing.  The only thing I could find is a    in 2018 that they were becoming THEIR OWN clearing house.    This news was also [covered by CNBC.] (   This states that Robinhood used to use Apex Clearing, which is apparently the biggest one out there, but implied that they would no longer use them.    Webull CEO Anthony Denier confirmed that THEIR app’s decision to restrict trading WAS because of a directive from Apex. Denier said, “Our clearing firm gave us a call and said we're going to have to stop allowing new opening positions in the three names, AMC, GME, and KOSS.” (    He didn’t mention Apex in that interview, but it is noted  .    What this looks like to me is that Apex jacked up the liquidity requirements for buying in certain stocks—whether this is because of their OWN money issue or their fear of issues on the side of the apps, I don’t know.  But they did lift restrictions eventually.    So what about Robinhood?  Is Robinhood their own clearing house entirely, or do they do SOME of their own clearing and use another clearing house as well?  I don’t know.  Maybe one of you smart autists can figure this one out.    My suspicion is that they ARE their own clearing house, as their website states, and that they found themselves in a dicey position, money-wise. This would be very embarrassing for a company like this to admit, I’d think.  Basically, having to say, “We’re not really able to play with the big boys” would make them look weak.  They are trying to blame it on outside entities, but looks like it was just one arm of the company directing another?    In any case, there are STILL   on trading certain stocks.  Your position in GME can be no more than 5 shares TOTAL.   I opened a new account with Fidelity.  My Robinhood portfolio is going to sit there until the moon is reached as I understand it can take up to two weeks to transfer.  I also heard that Fidelity will cover the transfer fee if you ask them.    I’d love if anyone can add to this speculation (and obviously please correct me if I got anything wrong!)  Ain’t none of this stuff financial advice—just my own senile ramblings.   I’m a Grandma with coal hands.  (Better than paper, not quite diamond 😊  But holding my 7 shares    for now!  EDIT:  tl;dr  I think Robinhood's clearing house (themselves) doesn't have enough money to cover these trades  EDIT AGAIN:  Don't take this as a defense of them--they should have been fucking honest.  And I am not even sure there WASN'T collusion with Citadel Securities--but that's a deeper dig.  EDIT 3:  That was a bad title choice.  EDIT with new info:
Keeep it up boisssss! Some awesome toons attached!
It’s not much but it’s honest work
PSA: IF YOU CAN'T STOMACH THE PRICE ACTION, JUST DON'T LOOK
I'm afraid to say I paper-handed some shares of GME but immediately bought back in once I knew my mistake yesterday during that big dip. It happened due to the psychological effects of lack of sleep, work, and the crazy price action that we saw yesterday.  I know some of you are probably feeling the same, so if you want to HOLD just don't look! Get on with your day. Go outside (or don't, it's cold + COVID), watch some of your weeb anime and let it ride. Don't be a paper-handed bitch like me. STAY STRONG!!!  Just know that we're all in this together. The whole world wants to fuck Melvin.  Edit:         I’m a poor Canadian so I bought only a few shares. PROOF:     EDIT 2: Remove all notifications from your phone. Maybe even delete some apps. Just don't look!! AND DON'T YOU FKING PUT A LIMIT SELL ORDER. LEAVE IT ALONE!
Somehow got in this morning even with Schwab limiting trades. I'm just a simple CPA who still has to pay rent on the 1st but I'm with you guys!
St. Corona, patroness of money. She died for our gainz.
The first time I’ve posted any gain porn. 2,700,000%!
In @ 412 AND IM NOT GOING ANYWHERE
WE FUCKING DID IT!!!
DFV Speaks: Keith Gill Drove the GameStop Reddit Mania. He Talked to the Journal.
🤚🏻 🤚🏻 🤚🏻
YOU GUYS ARE DOING IT! HOLD YOUR LINE. YOU CAN ONLY BUY 5 SHARES BUT HOLD.
Do not fear the big guy. You need to sit back relax and watch them panic in a frenzy! Since Robinhood wants to be a fuck tard if you want to buy something buy SILVER $AG or $SLV as stated in the post below      This post needs to remain at attention with everything going on right now.  Will see you all on the moon boys.  God speed.  EDIT: I AM NOT A FINANCIAL ADVISOR.
BREAKING: SEC reviewing recent trading volatility amid GameStop frenzy, vows to protect 'retail investors'
Snap
A manifesto for WSB. How to beat Wall Street at their own game and live to tell the tale.
hello all. it's the intermediator here. i have no horse in this race between WSB and /biz/ but i think in the interest of making maximum profits and redistributing wealth, you need to work together.  i know that we are living through a moment of shared euphoria and it is easy to get caught up in it. by all rights i should be asleep by now. but i want to point out how fast this is happening, and how incredibly complex the relations associated with it are. the white house is watching wsb, it's getting front page news coverage worldwide. u/deepfuckingvalue is worth fifty million fucking dollars and is still holding. i have acquaintances and friends i have never spoken to about investing or stocks before messaging me to ask me about gme or amc or bb.  the point i am trying to make is that although we have seen stocks [rocket emoji] before, and although wsb has sometimes gotten fleeting references in say the financial times or the wall street journal, the last seventy-two hours has completely ushered in a new era for wsb. we as a collective entity have broached the mainstream consciousness.  we all know this. my post pertains to how we can use it to our advantage.  my fear is that the casuals are going to lose their nerve and start selling. it is imperative that wsb sends out a message to buy and hold gme, amc and bb (and nok if you're into it, it's 2021, nobody minds what you're attracted to anymore buddy). panic selling because of increased pressure on wsb is not an option. allowing mainstream media to act as propaganda mouthpieces for hedge funds and investment managers cannot be stopped, but it can be proactively countered.  we are seeing historical levels of market participation by people who have never before been a part of the market. if we can convince them to keep constant and hold, prices could skyrocket higher and faster than we have ever seen in recorded history.  don't fuck this up. i don't know if we'll ever have another shot this good ever again.
WSB right now... X1000
SEC Investigating Brokerage Misconduct
HERES TO ANDREW LEFT. I LOST THOUSANDS WHEN YOUR ILLEGAL PLTR SHORTING TACTICS PUMMELED MY OTM CALLS! We got you back sucker, I know you’re here. 😁👍 -Bankruptcy specialist at Citron Research
White House Press Secretary’s brother: it’s a big club and you ain’t in it RIP George Carlin
I got in this morning boys! I would have bought more if not for the restrictions!
PROOF of GME going to infinity and beyond!
So listen up retards!   It is evident that the entire financial world knows about us, and we are getting   more attention   lately. With the headlines and celebrity tweets, we drag more and more people into the stock market. And guess what are they going to buy once their account is finished?! That's is right;   GME   and other meme stocks!! One of my friends saw some news about the war between us and hedge funds, so he decided to open up a trading account. BUT HE CAN NOT because of the   high demand  , (See the screenshot below) My point is: the more shitty article any news portal writes, the more they fuck their hedge fund buddies!     Let's go boyyss!
Fuck RobinHood I know, but for the time being they’re all I got. Parents lost their house in the 2008 crash - FUCK THE SUITS
Robinhood limit amounts:
DO NOT USE BROKERS WHO USE APEX CLEARING
Robinhood and the other brokers who halted buying yesterday did so because their clearing house, Apex, told them they had to. This is because Apex wanted these brokers to have more cash with Apex due to volatility.    ANY BROKER WHO USES APEX CLEARING MIGHT RESTRICT BUYING AT ANY TIME    Interactive Brokers and Merrill also restricted buying.     The only major brokers who didn't restrict buying shares are Vanguard, Fidelity, Schwab, TDA, and E-Trade.  The last 3 seem to be having major server problems, and Fidelity has a stupid rule that you can't set sell limit orders more than 50% higher than the current stock price.  Looks like   Vanguard   is the way to go
Citron founder "I started Citron to protect the individual against Wall Street"...
LET US COMMENCE FORTH
YOLO from Canada. Ready to feed my family
33 shares @ 391. Fuck Wallstreet Im holding until we hit pluto.
Bloomberg data shows short squeeze is 80% the squeeze had not been squoze - Don't delete pls
When the pandemic started and stores everywhere were slowly closing down I was frequenting my local GameStop a couple times a week for about a month because all these different sales would pop up and I wanted to grab a few things while they were cheap. I got along with the dude that worked there.
He was practically the only person I ever saw in there, I assume because hours were getting cut and whatnot.   Anyway, we would have conversations about videogames we both liked and would talk about the craziness of the pandemic. This guy was just a regular employee working the register and keeping the inventory displayed nicely around the store. He was super passionate about videogames in general and we had some good convos about games from the past and how they changed and evolved the industry and new stuff coming out and so forth and so on.  One of the last times I was in there before they shut the doors and started doing online order pickups only things were looking pretty grim and I asked him what he thought about GameStop possibly closing and disappearing from the videogame market landscape, we had both expressed how overpricing products and giving people super low amounts of cash for trading in games was pretty lame and just generally not cool of GameStop prior to this so his answer kind of surprised me...  When I finally brought up GameStop closing he looked me dead in the eyes and said with sincere passion; (almost verbatim) "this job has literally been my dream since I was a kid, if this place goes down in flames I'm going down with it, I fucking love working here."  I remember this cause it always stuck out to me, like, damn its just a GameStop, but i guess I can understand how this dude really loves his job especially if you are into videogames in a big way. Good for him. I haven't thought much about what he said there until this week.  I mention this because it truly is shameful what these people were trying to do by playing the market and shorting and squeezing GameStop out of existence and destroying X amount of people's jobs and livelihoods. I got blocked from buying GME yesterday morning when the purchases I made late into the previous night (Wednesday) on Robinhood were cancelled right as the market opened on Thursday morning at 9:30am. I really wanted to be a part of it, not for any personal gain but a deliberate loss just to try and teach the hedge funds and every other wall street homewrecker a lesson.  It's a bit late into the game now and i'll still try to buy GME once i get approved by a company that lets me actually buy the stock, but for now I just wanna say I appreciate everyone who has been able to get involved and is holding the stock for reasons other than personal gain. You have mine and most of the world's utmost respect and admiration for what you're doing and I hope you are all able to make a difference with the game that is being played right now between the rich and the poor.  Just wanted to share that.   To the moon, brothers and sisters.
Short seller ladder attacks - an ELI5 explanation
Short-seller ladder attacks   Yesterday the shorts planned an attack which saw the share price plummet. This was on paper only. in reality, there was no buying or selling of many shares, it was just smoke and mirrors.  It is just hedge funds selling non-existent shares to each other at lower and lower bid prices.  example: I have a Toyota to sell for $20,000. There are two guys that need to buy a car. They talk to each other in front of me and Person 1 says to Person 2, "I will sell you my Toyota for $10,000. His car is too expensive". This car does not exist. They make an agreement on a non-existent car in front of me. An hour later they come back and then Person 2 says that he will sell the Toyota back to person 1 for $5,000.  Now a non-existent Toyota appears to have changed hands between these two people and the market would think that from seeing this exchange that the car is only worth $5,000, rather than the $20,000 I want to sell it for.  Now I have two choices. I can fall for their trick and think to myself, "Hmm, maybe my car is not actually worth $20,000 and I should just sell it for $5,000, because that is what the market is saying it is worth".  OR, I can see through these fake tricks and see that in reality, these two idiots are trying to trick me into selling them something valuable for 1/4 the price.  Yesterday this is what happened on the share market, to GME shares, instead of the Toyota.  They want us to sell for very cheap because they manipulated the market to deceive us.  BUT WHAT THEY DO NOT KNOW IS THAT WE CAN SEE THROUGH THEIR LIES, WE KNOW THEIR GAME AND THEY NEED THESE SHARES MORE THAN A THIRSTY PERSON IN THE DESERT NEEDS WATER.  NOT SELLING
SEC could have alleviated the manipulation problems months ago
Anyone who’s been here for long enough remembers that back in December, all through January, Gamestop was at the top of the failed to deliver list.   For you new retards that means that people bought stock and the clearing houses couldn’t find shares to give them.  This is obviously going to be a problem when so much of the float is sold short. So guess what we all did here. Complained to the SEC because it was a sign that the illegal naked shorting was impacting the functioning of the market and they should be forced to close their positions.   Well guess what, the SEC didn’t do a fucking thing and now yesterday clearing firms decided to limit trading on gamestop because they were having even more failure to deliver issues.  For all the complaining that we’re fucking up the financial system, we fucking warned them, MONTHS AGO. They could have reduced the issue and they didn’t.  So fuck the SEC. Fuck the illegal naked shorting hedge funds. Fuck CNBC. Fuck Citadel. Fuck Robinhood. I look forward to dancing on their graves.   🤚🏼 my retard brethren
JUST DOUBLED DOWN IT AINT MUCH BUT ITS HONEST WORK. HOLDIN THIS SHIT TO THE FUCKING ANDROMEDA GALAXY     🌌🌌🌌🌌
Boys they have cut us brits off! We can’t buy. Holding strong through! Thought you should know. This is Freetrade app
Former SEC Commissioner Laura Unger compares short squeeze to January 6th
OI YOU. Do something about the market manipulation!
Listen up  If you have been affected by a brokerage’s shitty market manipulation, I suggest you do something about it and I’m here to help you with this. I’ve collected some important links over the past day that help get the message across:     Sign the petition to force hedge funds to disclose short positions      (  to call congress.  u/fuzziekittens recommends   for this. They make it easier to contact the right people.  (  to file a complaint with the SEC.  (  to file a complaint with FINRA.    Robinhood CRD#: 165998 / SEC#: 8-69188 (thanks u/stillakilla)   TD Ameritrade CRD#: 7870 / SEC#: 801-60469,8-23395   Charles Schwab CRD#: CRD#: 5393 / SEC#: 801-29938,8-16514   Webull Financial LLC CRD#: 289063/SEC#: 8-69978   (I’m totally missing a ton. Use   website to find their CRD.  (  to file a complaint with Robinhood directly.    Robinhood Financial LLC 85 WILLOW ROAD MENLO PARK, CA 94025 UNITED STATES   TD Ameritrade, INC. 200 SOUTH 108TH AVENUE OMAHA, NE 68154 UNITED STATES   Charles Schwab & Co LLC 211 MAIN STREET SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94105 UNITED STATES   Webull 44 WALL STREET SUITE 501 NEW YORK, NY 10005 UNITED STATES  [\     For a Crowdpac crowdfunding   to hire lobbyists.  This is what I said:  “This morning I, and millions of other retail investors, were blocked from  purchasing (entering new buy orders) on the Robinhood platform, without  notice. This clear example of market manipulation has forced the stock  down from over $500 in after-hours to less than $300 as of this writing.  Meanwhile, hedge fund interests are NOT blocked from buying the shares  being traded and the lower price obviously benefits them.  We  retail investors have followed all the rules and finally stood to gain a  LITTLE bit from Wall St and they suddenly changed the rules "to protect"  us. I am requesting you use your subpoena power and regulatory  authority to examine whether Robinhood colluded illegally with any other  actors who may have held short positions on these stocks to reduce the  number of buyers for $GME and therefore deflate the price. This is  market manipulation”
Well, Freetrade, I am taking all my money (not stocks) and I am never coming back
Anyone who knows how to help GameStop movement?
Currently im poor so i cant get in with any money, but I love too see that normal humag beings are fighting with those millionare pricks. Any idea how can I support this? Thanks!:)
New here but I'm doing my part, GME to the moon
THE HEDGE FUNDS ARE TRYING TO MAKE A WALL ON NOK, BULLRUSH NOK NOW!!! MAKE THEM LOSE BILLIONS. TODAY IS THE DAY!!! BUY, SET GTC SELL LIMITS HIGH, and... HOLD!
Jim Cramer on you "Moron Longs" and the real market
Back in 2006 I was involved in an effort to expose naked short selling and other tactics short selling hedge funds use to distort markets.   In those days, Jim Cramer had a daily video podcast intended to be a behind the scenes look at how Wall Street really worked. One day, he inexplicably opened up about dirty hedge fund tricks...confirming what many of us suspected.  That episode was quickly removed  . You may recall this went on to get Cramer in serious   John Stuart, at least.   Anyway, very relevant.
OK BOIS YOLO UPDATE. THE PEOPLE HAVE SPOKEN AND WE SELL AT $69,420!!!
#Robinhood lifted buying restriction on $GME $BBBY but limit the amount of shares you can buy this time..... ridiculous.... it's either all or nothing.... in my opinion...
I did my part retards , I can do no more .
Italian freshmen, hope I did right, its time to Hold from EU
GPRO - Let it RUN!
Posting another DD on GPRO from a financial perspective. I know words are hard for you retards so maybe numbers will help.  GoPro’s revenue is expected to be \~$1B for ’20 (slight decline admittedly but that’s due to COVID) which means their market cap is currently only   their revenues. That is dirt cheap.  I don’t think PE is appropriate for this stock so let’s look at FCF. As mentioned in my original post \[Link\], GoPro is expected to generate \~$100M of revenue from the subscriptions @ 50% margin is $50M. That along with its camera sales should get it around \~$100M of FCF. This means the company is only trading around 14x FCF!!!  Taking a look at just one competitor (Garmin: GRMN) they are trading at 40x FCF. Not a clean competitor but a competitor still.  They also rolled their debt at a lower interest rate. If the outlook for the company truly got worse, despite decreasing rates, the debt price would not have really changed. They’re turning a corner.  Don’t sleep on this one.  TLDR: GoPro makes cameras and generates cash         Link to my DD from earlier and    POSITIONS:  2/19 13C – 40 CONTRACTS
They bought yesterday so they can sell it all today
Yesterday the shorters forced the price all the way down to around $115, only for the same candle to jump all the way back up and close at \~$256.   Now, given that pretty much all of the retail market was restricted from buying at that time, the only people who could have bought those shares to push the price back up to $256 was Wall Street.  They probably bought millions of shares all the way back up, just so they could dump them all on us today to scare the  ✊ into selling.    TLDR  : They bought a shitload of shares yesterday, to dump on the market today. BUY THEIR DIPS AND HOLD YOUR SHARES!  👊
Fidelity Good Faith Violation
So I want to hop on the train and stick it to the suits! With that being said, I already had a fidelity account set up. I decided today to transfer money from my bank account to my fidelity account to trade. The problem is, the money is still technically processing at my bank but fidelity says I have the money to trade. When I actually go to trade it, I get a warning that says “The buy order you are about to place exceeds your settled cash balance. Selling these shares before paying in full for the trade could result in a Good Faith Violation.”  Am I okay to purchase BB with my money I transferred to fidelity from my bank today? I’m not planning on selling anything today. I have just never encountered this issue because I typically use fidelity for my retirement plan.  EDIT: Just purchased 6 BB shares with that money and had no issues. If anyone else is in the same situation, I believe it only applies to if you buy and then SELL your stocks without the money clearing. Thanks for everyone’s help!
Which one of you degenerates dumped $2mil into GME this morning?
Trading 212 is opening up buy/sell again! Only the former, none of the latter!        🛰
Freetrade disabled buy orders 👎🏼👎🏼
IT OMLY GOES UPPPP
CNBC just said the "blow-out-the-short-sellers game is showing signs of exhaustion." Do you agree, degenerates?   ✨ (not financial advice)
GSE still opened higher today than it did yesterday, despite all the craziness and   of yesterday.
TODAY IS THE DAY WE GOTTA STAY HYPED ! THEY DON'T WANT US TO WIN
Joining you Retards in fucking the Establishment. AMC TO THE STARS.
I’m in, retards       Prove to me this was a good idea
4M Shares Sold at 16:50 yesterday
1611960404
YOLO: 800C for 02/05?
REMINDER  : /r/WallStreetBets just jumped from   million subscribers last week to moments away from 6 MILLION subscribers today, over a 300% gain. BE CAREFUL WHAT YOU READ!
Fellow retards, godspeed today on our $GME $BB $AMC $BBBY whatever else journey, these days are historic and the fight must go on.   BUT KNOW that we have been under the watchful eye of not simply lurkers, BUT STILL REMAIN UNDER THE CROSSHAIRS OF EVERY MAJOR PLAYER IN THE GAME of the stock market.  With such a significant growth, I'm not so sure if the dust has settled, but trades being blocked and manipulation being the climax thus far (until ape together strong break through TO THE MOOOOOON), with such a huge influx of newcomers mixed with a shit ton of bots and other fake ass joiners, YOU MUST PROVIDE YOUR OWN DD AND ASSESS EVERYTHING YOU SEE!  We are not a legion or some organisation or the very establishment we hate. We all have our own reasons to be here, but we are standalones at the end of the day. DON'T FORGET AND BE BURNED FOR IT.  Godspeed retards, may our tendies be OUT OF ROBINHOOD FOREVER
AMC HOLD THE LINE
This will be their template
Thinking of selling blood/sperm to add to my AMC position. Not selling until $400
Citron Research, short-seller caught up in GameStop squeeze, pivoting to finding long opportunities
What in the flying fuck
What to do if you hit your limit on Robinhood or a stock is halted
Someone asked me to post this so people can refer to it. Not financial advice.  Robinhood is trying to limit purchases and not allowing fractional shares to protect their clearing house from going bankrupt and the financial system from crashing if Melvin Capital and other crooks can’t pay out. THIS MEANS IT’S WORKING. WALL STREET IS SCARED 💩LESS. But you need to have a plan ready, especially with things getting halted left and right.   Work your way down the list of short interest  , so we’re all on the same page and can concentrate our buying power on the stocks most likely to squeeze.  if you hit the limit for GME, buy AMC  if you hit the limit for AMC, buy BBBY  if you hit the limit for BBBY, buy BB  if you hit the limit for BB, buy FUBO  THIS IS THE WAY  If you have any money left over throw it at PINS, because why not, they’re going to smash earnings and they’re incredibly undervalued rn due to manipulation by Wall Street.
SLV GAINS! I am going to the   who wants to come with me?
They saved $6 Billion by halting trade yesterday
Today's the fucking day
F    SAXO Bank for limiting the trade. You can't buy a SINGLE share.
IRM (Iron Mountain) is next: Short Interest Ratio vs Mkt Cap
BB    another 63 shares purchased at open. Be strong and don't sell guys.
Wallstreet underestimated our willingness to give up everything at a chance, just ONE chance to make a difference.
Talking WSB Tattoos here
Good morning Ladies, bois, Lady bois!  WSB as a community has made me a wealthier human being through the gift of financial guidance and levity in some shitty times.  I’ve cried more this week reading some of your success stories and what GME    means to you all. That’s why I’m a       .  I made a statement in a comment thread that I will get a DeepFuckingValue inspired tattoo if GME hits $1000.  Truth is, I was probably going to get a WSB theme anyway.  So, I’d like to talk ideas.    Also,  GME
Bloomberg breaking: SEC Says It’s Examining Market Mania for Potential Misconduct
UK Trading app FreeTrade are being forced to disable buys again citing orders from their FX provider. This is it folks, this is manipulation.
Beat them   quit posting bearish DD. "We can remain retarded, longer than they can remain solvent."
TODAY WE RISE TOGETHER - FOR WSB'S UNIVERSAL SPIRIT BOMB!!!
BREAKING: SEC reviewing recent trading volatility amid GameStop frenzy, vows to protect ‘retail investors’
Robinhood: It may not be too late to save yourself.
YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO DESTROY THE SITH, NOT JOIN THEM.  Look, by now it’s clear to the world you done messed up. You somehow managed to unite the world and whole political spectrum against you. But there may still be time for redemption.  You had it all. One of the most promising multibillion IPOs in decades. An army of loyal users. You even had the goddamned name brand synonymous with robbing from the rich and giving to the poor.   Instead of choosing the wrong side of history, there is another timeline here. Fight with us. Ask the world for support. Whistleblow on the pressure you’re under—show the world. Let the people trade freely.   In return, the wellspring of support would drive a mass of newly investing-aware users to your platform. You would get tremendous political capital—worth more than the liquidity capital crunch you are under. You would truly become the robinhood you once told about.  Anakin, I know you’re still in there.  Positions: All in.
Papa Elon Prepping the GME Rocket for Mooning Today - HOLD!
YOLO’D $275K YESTERDAY BEFORE CLOSE. WSB, I STAND WITH YOU
Pernicious Investment Corporations and Boomer Money, The Inside Scoop!
We have seen all manner of perfidy coming from the MM while pushing their buttons with GameStop. Something has happened here\~\~some of us have great insight into exactly what has taken place. The big question at this point will be: is there going to be the full-scale investigation into these big firms, and the way they manage money, that we deserve? And--once becoming aware of the consequences of their perfidy--will we have the guts to shut them down and face the consequences that they've been holding over our heads this whole time?     Here's the case for why society is going to want to pull curtains over the whole thing from here:   These big investment firms--like Citadel--have all of this entrenched legal power. They control all of the inside aspects of the market economy; they trade around retail, they don't pay taxes. They scalp bits of money from all different corners of the marketplace. They are quite literally, parasites on our civilization. And\~\~here's the kicker: they're playing with boomer money.     From what I can infer, as long as these companies' bottom lines haven't been breached, they're able to leverage all of their equity however they want--but they have a top line, too! This past week, we've seen the market come down as a whole--just a little bit--because these big firms had to take money out of the game to pay off their top line balance.     Now--here's the big question: do these companies, shorting GameStop, have to cover their shorts tonight? I'm sure you've all seen the post by zerohedge--120% short float,   days to cover. What does this mean? Does it mean what we think it will mean?  What it seems to suggest is that they have until MIDNIGHT, TONIGHT, to pay off their shorts\~\~so, here's where things get interesting... Their goal, then, is to keep GME as low as possible, so that--tricky, tricky--they can cover their shorts \ after hours\ . Yeah--they don't want you to have that MOASS...     So\~\~what's the MM's plan? Well, this would be it, if I were to guess...   Manipulate the market today, by limiting the calls / puts they sell you, to try to buy up as many calls dated for next week as possible, and as many puts as possible. Going into after hours, they will--probably in some dark black pool that we won't even notice--pay down their covers--resulting in a massive squeeze come Monday morning, where the price will have skyrocketed\~\~1,800/share, I don't know\~\~and, woah! There will be a rush to cash in on those calls! But... Low and behold--you can't. Why? Because the MM control your broker. Then, the price crashes. Shit! You couldn't do anything about it! They sell all of those shares they covered, and cash in on their puts...     So--this is clearly illegal, and these people deserve to face the consequences of their actions, right?     Well--not so fast, there, cowboy. Because if they do have to pay up, that means they're going to have to liquidate their equity...     Give you a second to think about that...     What does that mean..?     It means they're going to dig into the boomer's retirement 401k's to pay out. Oh--so what? It's only a few hundred billion or so, or whatever, right? What harm could it do to the economy? Well--consider this... The mass retirement age of the boomer population is in 2022.  Did you think that the market would want to keep their money in the market to give boomer's a nice retirement?.. Absolutely not. The MM plan on divesting from the stock market before boomers start cashing out\~\~as soon as the inflows start coming in, they're crashing the whole game and making off with their prize winnings.     So\~\~what happens when we launch a legal investigation into Citadel, and demand justice. Demand that they stop playing this game, and preying off of the people's money?     They crash the stock market.
I spent many hours writing and recording a Hamilton GME Parody for you. Another redditor spent many hours mixing the song. DO NOT LET OUR WORK BE IN VAIN. LISTEN UP AND RALLY UNTIL GME GOES TO THE MOON!
Melvin Capital Management Has Closed Short on CDProject!
I'm glad to call you all my brothers (and sisters) -  hand GME BB AMC to the MOON
THE GAME WITHIN GAMESTOP
At this point the squeeze is inevitable. We already know who will win the biggest gains from this: the major shareholders and DFV.  But there's still another game to win. When the squeeze happens, ONE OF US is going to sell the highest cost per share order. Is it gonna be 5K, 10K, 100K?!?! Who knows. But one thing is for sure, we are in the midst of a pivotal moment in not only financial history, but human history itself. And one of us is going to hold that mighty 1st place prize of "I sold the most expensive GameStop share."  So ladies and gentlemen, set your sell limits really fucking high and let's see who takes that crown. I am requesting that whoever wins it uploads the picture and they should get a flair for being the luckiest and greediest fucker out of all of us.  Godspeed, my fellow smooth brains. I'll see you on the moon     🛸
WSB vs WS
Andrew Left of Shitron packing it up, probably now under investigation for market manipulation
How to break robinhood
Go back and read your agreement with the company.  There's  a binding arbitration agreement in there.    As you read keep in mind once you've paid the initial filing fee all the other costs of arbitration fall on Robinhood, and the rules of the arbitrator don't allow dismissing arbitration claims early for frivolous arbitrations.    The process become the punishment, but only if a huge number of people all file claims together.    They handed you a tool, but it only works if everyone uses it together.
Citron to stop Short research
Entire small Portfolio only Meme stocks. Listening to soviet nation theme, "do you hear the people sing?" and just having a blast
10 Popular Hedge Fund Shorts That Could Get Squeezed Next - AMD, ADI, CMG, DUK, GME - Dow Jones Newswire - Marketwatch
\[EDIT\] obviously hold GME!  Just be prepared for whats next!  By Al Root  The short squeeze that continues to send shares of GameStop higher has spread to other small capitalization stocks with high short interest. And while it would be more difficult for this kind of trading to spread to large capitalization stocks, there are some that share similar characteristics with those that popped.  High short interest is, essentially, a high percentage of total shares available for trading borrowed and sold by bearish investors betting on price declines. It can exacerbate a stock's price rise in a short squeeze because investors like hedge funds, who for the most part are active short sellers, have to buy more shares to cover bets as losses mount. That's what happened when traders targeted GameStop (ticker: GME) and Bed Bath & Beyond (BBBY), whose short interest is far above the average short interest for stocks in the Dow Jones Industrial Average or S&P 500.  Goldman Sachs publishes a report that looks at the holdings of 814 hedge funds with $  trillion of gross equity positions. As of the start of the fourth quarter 2020, the most recent report available, 10 of the stocks Goldman calls "very important short positions" for hedge funds with the highest short interest included:   Robinson Worldwide (CHRW), Advanced Micro Devices (AMD), Aon (AON), Duke Energy (DUK), Analog Devices (ADI), Kroger (KR), Simon Property (SPG), Hormel Foods (HRL), Willis Towers Watson (WLTW) and Chipotle Mexican Grille (CMG).  Those are not small capitalization stocks like GameStop. GameStop is worth more than $24 billion as of Wednesday's closing price, but six months ago it was valued at less than $300 million. The average market cap of Goldman's group is about $44 billion. The least valuable company is Willis Towers Watson with a $26 billion market cap.  The short interest in these 10 doesn't compare with stocks such as GameStop or Bed Bath and Beyond, either. The average percentage of stock available to trade sold short in the 10 stocks is about 7%. Short interest in Bed Bath and Beyond is about 67%.  Lower short interest limits the potential for a big move. But there are rumblings of a squeeze. The average gain in the 10 VISP stocks over the past five trading days is about   The S&P 500 is down about   over the same span.  If fallout from the GameStop squeeze continues, the impact could spread to those 10 stocks. Kroger and Hormel shares are already up more than others, by 17% and 13%, respectively, over the past five days. That's because losses piling up for hedge funds can cause them to sell long positions. It also means they may have to cover short positions, the trading action that is causing more intense short squeezes like GameStop's.  Gains like GameStop are unlikely for those stocks. Still, nothing seems to be off the table these days.  January 28, 2021 09:24 ET (14:24 GMT) Copyright (c) 2021 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. Story ID: 20210128DN009398
Hook vs. Pan (WSB) -- link with Full Sound in comments!
SHORT SQUEEZE D-DAY FITNESS CHALLENGE. LET’S GET RICH AND SWOLE TOGETHER RETARDS
#GME FRIDAY D-DAY FITNESS CHALLENGE  - for every upward halt, 10 sit ups - for every downward halt, 10 push-ups - every $100 gain in underlying stock price, 20 jumping jacks - at every $1000 gain, 50 high knees  - at every $10,000 SHOTGUN A BEER  ##TO THE MARS MY FELLOW AUTISTS
$NOK $NOK After all your shadey shit, I'm still holding. Going to hold until I see them weep
Storytime - How I underestimated the GME movement and lost a million dollars in the process
So little backstory. I've been around the markets for a while but I never did great or paid that much attention until I got into options in 2019. I'm pretty good with numbers and math was always my strong suit, so I felt this was a game I could actually be good at. I was. I turned 50k into close to 5 million this month (I have multiple accounts but IBKR was my main). Most of my big winners were TSLA options (bet big on Q1 2020 earnings using call spreads, and bought a bunch of leaps during COVID dip) and also put a lot of money into things that shall not be named except for in Elon's twitter profile.  Now to GME. I've been following WSB for over a year now I think, so I had seen DFV's posts. I followed a lot of the logic as I've seen short squeezes, gamma squeezes before, and I even followed the logic of the ITM options causing issues this Monday and Tuesday. So I had no position until Tuesday. On Tuesday, I saw not only did IBKR have over a million shares available to short but the fees were going down (I keep both the number of shares shortable and shorting fees visible as I believe this to be valuable information for investing in any stock). So on Tuesday with the stock trading in the 120s-130s, I thought this is going to be done soon.  Boy was I wrong. So I ended up selling 40 naked calls (1/29 $150) when I saw the prices of these spiking as well - average price of between $20-25. Big lesson - don't sell naked calls. I've done it before and it's worked, but it's not worth the risk. So arrogant me leaves these open cause AH trading for GME has been relatively stable. Then Elon tweets and it's all over. Even at the beginning of trading on Wednesday it looked like this bubble was about to pop, but then it shoots up to 365 and I'm liquidated for a total loss of around 1 million dollars.  So long story short, I completely underestimated the movement and I will forever regret being on the wrong side of history, but I submit my loss porn to all of you degenerates for whatever it is you want to do with it.  image not showing up?       TLDR: Sold naked calls (1/29 $150s), got fucked to the tune of 1 million dollars.
YOLO’d GME Now on Webull
BB strong incase anyone was doubting I’m 120k deep
GME Squeeze explained by /u/P08C/ - some fundamentals for you retards
Hey all, posting on behalf of /u/p08c as his post keeps getting removed.  source:       Alright,  I'm fucking retarded and I suck at math, but I'll give you a long drawn  out post because I've got nothing better to do with my time.  First  let's take a look at the yahoo finance page for GME. According to the  statistics gamestop has   shares outstanding. That is how many  gamestop shares exist. Right below that you'll see that gamestop has    shares floating. That is how many shares are actually in  circulation and are "tradeable".  Now let's walk away from yahoo finance with those numbers in mind and go to   .  According to this website   of shares outstanding for GME are  being shorted. Since we know that GME has   shares and   are  shorted you can do the math and find that the total shorted shares for  GME is around    Now that we  know that there are   shares being shorted we can compare that  number to the   shares floating. Do some more math and you see that    is 145.297504798465% of the total   shares floating.  So  we come to the conclusion that   of the shares outstanding are  shorted or   of the float, the shares that are actively being  traded, is shorted.
$GME battle speech from the movie Bravehands, 2021
Wall Streets Day of Reckoning
Finally, some balance on CNBC -- which has been incredibly biased against us
Finally some balance on CNBC in a debate:   Kevin O'Leary (Shark Tank's "Mr. Wonderful"):     "The definition of the market is speculation when you buy and stay long in a stock you are speculating about the profits you hope appear and you take that risk"     "The best thing we could do for this market right now is leave it alone and just shine the light of transparency on it. if you are short, let it be transparent and you now run the new risk that these effective social media vigilantes are going to come after you and squeeze you in your short. And that's going to make a lot of hedge funds think a second time before they try and go short in a stock which I think it is great."      Paraphrase: We have 100s of millions of people who have nothing set aside for their retirement. And along comes a platform that has millions of   yes, they will lose money as every investor does. Just shine transparency on it.    And, finally, he made the argument that CNBC ignores, that GME now has a new lease on life:      "How do you know that Gamestop executives are not going to take advantage of this situation and make a pivot just like Netflix did when they were shipping out CDS in the mail?"   Anchor breaks in to say they need to protect "the little guy" from the "big guy" (which is a joke since they only care about the "big guy.")   "The only person I care about are the people who lost their jobs. . . I really don't care if a few hedge funds go to zero. Who cares?"     Anchor: what about the kids who take the stimulus checks and put it on margin and could go to bankruptcy:      "They didn't learn investing in high school so let them learn in the real world."   I got so sick of CNBC yesterday that I ponied up for extra $14 a month for a cable package including Bloomberg and it is so much more balanced and nuanced plus you get a lot more news of world markets and commodities. CNBC really only covers   stocks. Which is only a fraction of the financial/economic picture.
Took my helmet off and played with crayons, I hope I'm wrong.
Disclaimer : I am admittedly one of you in the worst ways, I am a firm believer in TA and Patterns and use them to trade successfully most of the time.  As coloring with crayons is a divisive topic for WSB i'm going to be concise. I have enjoyed making tendies and arguing with you retards over the years, so I thought i would share what i stumbled across. Take what you will from this, My intention is to inform and to get other opinions.   Some of you may know of the Three peaks and a dome house pattern as it was brought up a few times  around march of last year. I believe SPX/SPY is forming the largest Three peaks and a dome house pattern ever seen, if correct this implies severe global economic downturn and the greatest depression in history. Here are some examples and a comparison to the current SPX 5 year chart so you can draw your own conclusions.   look forward to arguing with you all.
1/29 Friday Stock Market Movers & News
#Good morning traders and investors of the r/wallstreetbets sub! Welcome to Friday. Here are your pre-market movers & news this AM-         #          > # 1. Dow futures extend losses as Wall Street’s volatile week continues  > The Dow Jones Industrial Average was set to drop 300 points at Friday’s open, extending losses with Dow stock Johnson & Johnson falling after the   drug giant released data about its one-dose coronavirus vaccine. The shot was 72% effective in the  , but less so in other regions. Wall Street has seen a volatile week, also marked by the Reddit-fueled frenzy around GameStop and other highly shorted stocks.  > The Dow Thursday recovered nearly half of Wednesday’s 633-point decline, the worst one-session drop since late October. Ahead of Friday’s trading, the Dow was nearly 2% away from its closing record high earlier this month. Three Dow stocks — Caterpillar, Honeywell and Chevron — reported quarterly earnings before-the-bell, along with drugmaker Eli Lilly.         > # 2. J&J says vaccine less effective against some Covid variants  > J&J’s highly anticipated vaccine results were based on 468 confirmed Covid-19 cases among the phase three trial’s more than 43,000 volunteers, including those infected with the new, highly contagious strain found in South Africa. J&J also said the vaccine was 85% effective in preventing severe disease four weeks after vaccination in all adults. If the J&J vaccine gets cleared by the FDA, it would be the third approved for emergency use in the  , behind the Pfizer and BioNTech vaccine and Moderna’s, both of which are two doses.  >   biotech firm Novavax said late Thursday that its coronavirus vaccine was more than 89% effective in protecting against Covid-19. In its phase three clinical trial conducted in Britain, the two-shot vaccine appeared to be   effective against the new strain originally found in the   However, a phase two study in South African, the Novavax was only   effective against the new variant found in that country. Shares of Novavax surged nearly 60% in Friday’s premarket.         > # 3. Robinhood raises $1 billion, taps credit lines to facilitate GameStop trading  > Robinhood raised $1 billion overnight from investors to shore up its balance sheet as the brokerage app was set to ease restrictions in the trading of certain volatile stocks, according to CNBC’s Andrew Ross Sorkin. The money raised was on top of the $500 million the broker accessed through credit lines to ensure it had the capital required to keep allowing its clients to trade stocks like GameStop and AMC Entertainment. Robinhood CEO Vlad Tenev told CNBC tapping the credit lines was a proactive measure and denied it was because of a liquidity issue. After stumbling a day earlier, GameStop and AMC Entertainment shares surged 80% and 50% in Friday’s premarket, respectively.         > # 4. Democrats reject GOP attempts to break up Biden relief measure  > Democrats on Capitol Hill and the White House rejected a Republican pitch to split President Joe Biden’s $  trillion coronavirus rescue plan into smaller chunks. Democrats appeared ready to push the measure through without GOP help. Success would give Biden a signature accomplishment in his first 100 days in office, unleashing money to expand vaccinations and reopen schools, send $1,400 direct payments to households, and other priorities, including a gradual increase in the federal minimum wage to $15 per hour. Failure would be a high-profile setback early in his presidency.         #STOCK FUTURES CURRENTLY: ######(            #YESTERDAY'S MARKET MAP: ######(            #TODAY'S MARKET MAP: ######(            #YESTERDAY'S S&P SECTORS: ######(            #TODAY'S S&P SECTORS: ######(            #TODAY'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR: ######(            #NEXT WEEK'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR: ######(            #NEXT WEEK'S UPCOMING IPO'S: ######(            #NEXT WEEK'S EARNINGS CALENDAR: ######(    (N/A.)         #THIS MORNING'S PRE-MARKET EARNINGS CALENDAR: ######(            #EARNINGS RELEASES BEFORE THE OPEN TODAY: ######(            #EARNINGS RELEASES AFTER THE CLOSE TODAY: ######(    (NONE.)         #YESTERDAY'S ANALYST UPGRADES/DOWNGRADES: ######(    ######(    ######(             #YESTERDAY'S INSIDER TRADING FILINGS: ######(            #TODAY'S DIVIDEND CALENDAR: ######(    ######(             #THIS MORNING'S STOCK NEWS MOVERS:  ######(  source:           >   Biogen (BIIB)   – The drugmaker’s shares jumped nearly 12% premarket on news that the Food and Drug Administration has extended the review period by three months for its experimental Alzheimer’s treatment aducanumab. Biogen is providing additional data to the FDA as part of the agency’s review.  > #  STOCK SYMBOL:   BIIB  >      > ######(            >   Skyworks Solutions (SWKS)   – Skyworks spiked 13% in premarket trading, following a sizeable earnings beat. The mobile phone chip maker earned $  per share for its latest quarter, well above the $  a share consensus estimate. Revenue came in above estimates as well and Skyworks issued an upbeat current-quarter forecast.  > #  STOCK SYMBOL:   SWKS  >      > ######(            >   Novavax (NVAX)   – The biotech company’s shares surged more than 40% in premarket trading, following news that its Covid-19 vaccine candidate had an   efficacy rate in a   trial. Novavax note, however, that this represents interim data and that it would be two to three months before the company is ready to apply for authorization.  > #  STOCK SYMBOL:   NVAX  >      > ######(            >   Caterpillar (CAT)   – The heavy equipment maker earned $  per share for the fourth quarter, above the consensus estimate of $  a share. Revenue essentially came in line with forecasts. The company said it was well-positioned for the future and should emerge from the pandemic stronger than it was before.  > #  STOCK SYMBOL:   CAT  >      > ######(            >   Eli Lilly (LLY)   – The drugmaker beat estimates by 40 cents a share, with quarterly earnings of $  per share. Revenue also beat Street projections, boosted by strong sales of its diabetes drugs as well as the launch of its Covid-19 antibody treatment. Shares of Lilly rose   in premarket trading as of 7:45   ET.  > #  STOCK SYMBOL:   LLY  >      > ######(            >   Honeywell (HON)   – The industrial conglomerate earned $  per share for the fourth quarter, 7 cents a share above estimates, with a beat for revenue as well. Honeywell said 2020 was a challenging year but noted that sequential improvements in profit and sales continued during the final three months of 2020.  > #  STOCK SYMBOL:   HON  >      > ######(            >   Chevron (CVX)   – Chevron lost a penny a share for the fourth quarter, compared to consensus estimates of a 7 cents per share profit. Revenue was also below analysts’ forecasts, and the company’s overall results were hurt by low margins on fuel and acquisition costs among other factors. Chevron shares fell 2% in the premarket.  > #  STOCK SYMBOL:   CVX  >      > ######(            >   Colgate-Palmolive (CL)   – The consumer products company came in a penny a share ahead of estimates, with quarterly earnings of 77 cents per share. Revenue also topped Wall Street forecasts. Colgate said it sees 2021 organic sales up 3% to 5%, in line with its long-term target.  > #  STOCK SYMBOL:   CL  >      > ######(            >   Visa (V)   – Visa beat estimates by 14 cents a share, with quarterly earnings of $  per share. The payment network operator’s revenue also topped Wall Street forecasts. Visa benefited from a surge in online shopping during the holiday period, with overall payment volume up 5%. The company also announced an $8 billion stock buyback.  > #  STOCK SYMBOL:   V  >      > ######(            >   Mondelez (MDLZ)   – Mondelez came in a penny a share ahead of Street forecasts, with quarterly profit of 67 cents per share. The maker of Oreos and other snack foods reported better-than-expected revenue as well. Stay-at-home consumers continued to increase snack consumption. The company’s shares fell   in the premarket.  > #  STOCK SYMBOL:   MDLZ  >      > ######(            >   Western Digital (WDC)   – Western Digital reported quarterly earnings of 69 cents per share, 15 cents a share ahead of consensus. The hard disk drive maker’s revenue also beat forecasts. Western Digital has seen increased demand for storage devices and solutions during the pandemic. The company’s shares jumped 10% in premarket trading.  > #  STOCK SYMBOL:   WDC  >      > ######(            >     Steel (X)   –   Steel lost 27 cents per share for its latest quarter, smaller than 68 cents a share loss that analysts were anticipating. The steel maker’s revenue was essentially in line with forecasts. Overall steel industry demand and pricing have improved, with   Steel seeing average prices for flat-rolled steel increase by   percent from a year earlier. The company’s shares rose 6% in the premarket.  > #  STOCK SYMBOL:   X  >      > ######(            >   AMC Entertainment (AMC)   – AMC is exploring raising more capital, including a potential stock sale, according to a Reuters report. The movie theater chain’s stock is among those that have seen a surge from Reddit-inspired traders, along with stocks like GameStop (GME) and Bed Bath & Beyond (BBBY).  > #  STOCK SYMBOL:   AMC  >      > ######(            >   Qualtrics (XM)   – Qualtrics remains on watch after jumping 38 percent in its debut session Thursday. Qualtrics is an enterprise software company spun off by German software giant SAP (SAP).  > #  STOCK SYMBOL:   XM  >      > ######(            #  DISCUSS!    What's on everyone's radar for today's trading day ahead here at r/wallstreetbets?         #   I hope you all have an excellent trading day ahead today on this Friday, January 29th, 2021! :)
TOS WONT ALLOW HIGH SELL LIMITS FOR $GME????
My sell limits today - HOLDING - Updated
Citron is no longer publishing short reports!
Yall MOFOS BEAT CITRON
People buying GMC - Where are you buying it from in the world, and how?
AMC STRONG BUY W/ ZACKS RESEARCH $21 PT.
Friends and fellow tards,  The shiny sky circle has landed upon us for another day. The gods and lord musk have boosted the computer Penny back to strong levels. GME and AMC are having strong pre-markets. AMC has had volume that is baffling, and today on top of being less restricted it has obtained a price target of $21 dollars.   I think this is substantial because alot of investors and firms are being steered away from these shares we are battling over. If more analysts and firms stop the restrictions we could really do what we set out to do and we can attempt to follow a similar trend to our video game brethren.. after all movies and video games are so nice for our smooth brains.   I expect some of our less successful, more analytically inclined friends to start to back our rally and yes, even those fucking silver haired boomer fucks may join in with AMC because they even partook in such fuckery as middle aged autists.. hell even some of our older WSB fuckers may have been conceived during movie panky.   Retards, fundamentalists, boomers and anything that identifies as something that can breathe.. buy and hold AMC to the moon.   TLDR - will more people back AMC now? Not just our movement?  Edit to add tldr and adjust attention getting emoji's.             Together       💸     🥳     strong.  Extra edit for necessary disclosure, I'm retarded.. probably more than you.. and this is not financial advice from me.   Also "we like the stock."
We did it boys!
RIP Citron!
Look what we’ve done guys...
I’m doing it, not just for my wife’s bf, but for...
For the soul crushing student loans, the 23%+ interest credit cards with annual fees, predatory payday loans, $39 overdraft fees when i already don’t have money, shady financial advisors recommending products that give them higher commissions instead of recommending the best product for us, meaningless interest rate on savings accounts, predatory variable APR rates, the lack of accountability in 2008, pricing us out of owning a modest home, patent trolls and short selling hedge funds, outrageous dealer fees when you buy a new car, for the Enron casualties, for the absurd hoarding of excessive wealth, I’m doing it for the tendies  🙏
Yesterday’s gains saved me after a huge loss on BB
FYI: If you are logged into Fidelity, you can view the order book here
German politicians are behind us.
Berlin, Jan 29 (Reuters)  \- The turmoil on the stock exchange around the US video game retailer GameStop (NYSE: GME) calls financial politicians from the Bundestag to the scene. "Trading platforms must be open to all market participants. It cannot be that a large number of small investors are excluded from trading in a volatile phase and large hedge funds continue to have market access," said Florian Toncar from the FDP on Friday to the Reuters news agency. "Our supervisory authorities must rigorously enforce these principles, they are part of the core of open capital markets."  Small investors recently bought shares of GameStop and other companies in concert, forcing hedge funds to cancel their bets on the fall in prices of these securities. This even drove some funds to the verge of bankruptcy. Brokers then partially restricted trading in these papers. Politicians from the US Congress announced that they would make the state of the stock market an issue in Parliament. The target is the online broker Robinhood, which is popular with small investors and has blocked GameStop purchases, but continued to allow sales.  Robinhood's approach raises questions about stock market culture, said SPD finance politician Jens Zimmermann. Derivatives and other financial products could increase the efficiency of markets. "But we have to follow this development very closely."  Fabio De Masi of the Left spoke of a scandal: "When brokers suspend trading to protect institutional investors, it shows how sensitive financial sharks react when a swarm throws them in the way. This is where the stock exchange supervisory authority has to intervene."        Thanks to  /u/Nightmare-Ger for the Info.     Obligatory
It’s time for a government bailout of GME shareholders at $10,000 per share. This would be roughly equivalent to the $700 billion bank bailout in 08 that was necessary to prevent ‘systemic risk’.
The short positions put on by the hedge funds are posing a systemic risk to the market.  Bail out both sides by liquidating the hedge funds, but not the brokers or clearinghouses, but also put a buy order in for $10k per share to allow GME shareholders to exit.  Isn’t $700 billion better than a financial meltdown?  Just like last time you can ‘put rules in place to make sure this won’t happen again’  In 2008 the banks held risky assets and got bailed out because they said the innocent normal people would be hurt even more if you didn’t bail them out, so the government did it.    We posed a risk to the liquidity of the hedge funds, brokers, and clearinghouses yesterday.  By bankrupting them it would probably cause a temporary stock market crash as they liquidate their positions.    Are we not now in the same position as the banks were in 2008?  Buy us out of our positions for $700 billion to save the rest of the market and the normal people right?  Edit because it got attention:  if this ever was a reality it would in the form of a loan to clearinghouses and brokers to cover any losses up to $10k per share.  They would have to pay it back over time.  The government would get the money back and reimburse taxpayers, while at the same time collecting taxes from the gains of the retail investors. Long term the clearinghouses and brokers recover, the market continues to function,  and then they never let hedge funds put on a risky play like that ever again. The hedge funds involved are deservedly bankrupt, and the retail traders get the reward they deserve by playing the free market game by the rules.
Congratulations, /r/wallstreetbets! You are Subreddit of the Day!
YOLO # 2 of 3. $150k in SLV.
These billionaires are not our friends
I keep seeing post about wealthy elites supporting this movement, encouraging everyone to buy and hold. People are forgetting that you don’t become a billionaire and maintain that statues without fucking over the common man on a regular basis. Stop thinking they are your friend, don’t invest because they are on our side or because they said so. They are part of the group that has been fucking over everyone since time and now they know how they can make even more money.   They encourage us to invest and hold because they will just profit even more as the value keeps rising, they aren’t doing this because they see injustice being done, they are doing this because it’s in  their  best interest.   Just my 2 cents, wtf do I know... anyways  AMC BABY
Original Rebel Alliance? Well I sure do wear a helmet
If everything moons, $nok moons. If (NOT when) everything crashes, $nok won’t be lower than $4. I’m all in on $nok because that’s basic expected value
Aside from $GME, $NOK is the smartest bet. Here's copypasta from u/mullernuller for confirmation bias     >1.  NOK HAS NOT BUBBLED. Look at the graph. Look at it. It is still down from 2016. NOK is well within normal variation. Long term, you barely see the spike from a couple of days ago. There is nothing to “protect us” from. They’re protecting themselves.   >   >2.  The NOK play is not a straight up short squeeze. The play is HELPED by the shorts that are there, as long as we can keep the demand up and keep the price up against the dumping, but that’s all.   >   >3.  NOK is a healthy company, with new and important tech, a great brand, a lot of potential. You want to see why, read the original post. ANYONE who sees a company like that being dumped for NO REASON would buy. So should you. They are only dumping it because they’re trying to fuck up our play.
CANT BUY MORE SHARES!!?? , turns out we cant buy more shares and they are limiting us for some reason
Saw this on r/investing. HOLD no matter what today!
The tendie rangers are here to hold
[GME] Some stats around yesterdays selloff that will show you that Melvin unsuccessfully attempted to screw us over yesterday
I just did some research around yesterdays drop that might be relevant for people to not shit their pants ahead of making such a huge cashout.  Between when the drop started and ended, only 90k shares were traded. This makes sense, because if many people sell, the price also drops very fast and then the trading was halted, so there wasn't much opportunity to buy actually. Also this volume includes the way down \ and\  up and a lot of the drop was still above $200 per share, so I'd guestimate, less than 30k \_relevant\_ shares changed hands here.  Although I've heard differently, options volume yesterday was not particularly high. So Melvin did \ not\  cover their short positions by buying calls at the bottom. In fact still 75% of options where puts rather than calls. The option volume was around 500k compared to 1,6m and 1,8m the two days before.  Stay put, be patient - wait for the big payout and remove your sell orders at $1000 please - we're past that stage.  Edit:  Also please don't get discouraged by the premarket price. It's all on low volume and can incredibly easily be manipulated. Just ignore it for now - it's completely meaningless. Also if there's a huge drop at the open, it doesn't mean people are jumping ship. It just means Melvin is trying more and more desperately to short sell and make it seem like people are selling like crazy when in fact they're only digging themselves a deeper grave. But probably they got nothing more to lose at this point, so expect even dirtier tactics than yesterday - be vigilant, don't give into panic - ever.  Edit 2:    The two huge drops at open were on 30k volume. This is absolutely nothing. The shorts are such a one trick pony. Don't panic. The dips will be bought up immediately. They're trying to push the stock into trading halts to panic as many people as possible.    Sources:
Political Economist Mark Blyth reposted this succinct explanation of yesterday’s f &kery: “CITADEL was losing A LOT on those options contracts. So they told Robinhood if you want to stay in business and IPO, you do what we say and stick it to those kids.”
Letter from Schwab re: trading 1/28
Dear Client:  As you likely know, we are in the midst of an unprecedented week in investing. This week has included some of the highest-volume days in market history, driven in part by market volatility, short-selling activity, and heightened trading activity. As such, we want to share our perspective on current conditions and our efforts to be there for you as you navigate them.  Times like these can feel chaotic and can make even seasoned investors consider sudden shifts from their well-thought-out plans. We know, over the long term, what’s most important is to rely on traditional disciplines around asset allocation and diversification, tune out the noise to the extent possible, and stick to your long-term goals. That said, we do want you to have the latest expert perspective on current conditions in the markets. For more on those and our core investing principles, please visit the Market Insight Hub.  I also want to acknowledge that this week’s heightened trading volume and volatility across our entire industry have led to significant call volumes and hold times as well as challenges with online functionality at market open for some clients. Nothing is more important to us than serving you reliably, and we know recently that has not always been the case for every client. We appreciate that service disruptions are frustrating, and want you to know that we take these issues very seriously and sincerely apologize for any problems they may have caused.   Let me assure you we are doing everything possible to make sure our professionals and our systems keep pace with the historic conditions we are experiencing. We are making additional investments in both of these areas that we believe will help better serve you going forward.   We appreciate your patience and promise we are working as quickly as we can to ensure we increase our capacity so you can continue to receive the high level of service and reliability you have come to expect from us.   Sincerely,    Jonathan Craig  Jonathan Craig Senior Executive Vice President, Investor Services
The King is Coming
Brokers Are REJECTING Limit Orders
How do we know the shorts don't own shares?
How do we know how many shares the shorts own? It seems like the main metric we're using is the number of outstanding short positions without knowing how many shares they outright own.     All of us know when a position we own goes up or down by 10x. I feel like the shorts absolutely focused on this after the jump from $4 to $40. Who's saying they didn't buy it all the way up to $400 with us. (And then bought it on the way down to $200 yesterday).  I see people who have never invested before buying shares and we assume the hedge funds haven't done the same? Robinhood is the #1 app on the Apple App Store. I'm getting multiple texts a day about GME from people who have never touched stonks. They own GME but the shorts dont?   Its weird to me because one side of this has been showing their cards the entire time (us). I worry that we're underestimating the other side because we can't see what they're doing. Knowing what we intended on doing, couldn't they have bought shares and just not closed their position just to keep this fire burning?
The overall market and economic considerations at play
This is not financial advice. I'm an idiot who's been lurking for years who bought in at $30.   I really want to believe in this squeeze happening  . In fact, I guarantee it would happen in a free market. The sad truth is that we're not in a free market. I'm not a   , just pragmatic. Let's look at the situation.  These greedy fucking hedge funds didn't  hedge  their plays. They ended up getting fucked as this became a movement and what happened next? They doubled down. They didn't run for cover and buy back their shorts because it would've bankrupted them. No, they doubled down and made it an even bigger problem.   So now, we see RH and IBKR among other brokerages limiting buying shares.. they have a liquidity crisis. If the shorts aren't going to be able to cover their shorts, it will fall to the brokerages, then the banks.  Have you seen the 5day chart for any other index? They're unloading everything in order to handle this GME squeeze.     The shorts are going to get bailed out. They will go to the government and present them with one of two options: let the system run its course and see the largest, most sudden wealth transfer in history (with the rest of the market and everyone's 401k getting eviscerated) or shut down trading of GME and take an active role in this "crisis"    They'll choose the latter. There will be outrage. There will be investigations. Hopefully people go to jail for it. The fact is that the overall health of the  stock market  will take priority over the free exchange of a security.  Positions: a few hundred shares
This is it, we're sharpening our blades the time for war is approaching
I'm no motivational speaker but I want to express my hype towards what's coming, this is it, this mission started and looked impossible for a fair amount of time, we have been mocked by these billionaires for trying to retaliate, we've been mocked by other subreddits however, they have now come to see the true power we have, the billionaires are now weeping about their losses, other subreddits have come to our support, we have celebrities, billionaires, the government on our side, no matter what happens today we will go down in history, today may well be remembered as the day that wall street died, forever onwards we will remember this movement, when our kids hear about it we can say we were part of it, when our wifes boyfriend talks to us about it, we can say we were part of it, it's not often a person gets to be part of history and today we have all done that.     Thank you so much to everyone in this sub for the ride, it's been long, it's been tough, but we've made friends on the way, let's fly high brothers  🤚 🤚 🤚
Someone there have hope to buy for a $1
You guys are winning this game! Keep it up!
In the current state of the world, information is abundant. The age of the internet and computers has thrust humans into an indigestible world of data points that has invaded our consciousness. This trend is even more true in the world of the stock market where investors scramble for any information that could give them an edge over their peers. Financial and economic reports and data are countless, these being the things this website hopes to surface and make available to all.  The growth of information has not levelled the playing field. In many ways, the stock market is still “pay to play” with the hedge funds raising the ante every day as they advance their edges against each other and the retail investor. The peek behind the curtain that Michael Lewis’ Flash Boys paints the picture well, hedge funds can have their way with the stock market. Of course, regulators like the SEC and FINRA have “done their part” in protecting the small traders by forcing some sort of transparency. We can after all see selected data on short interest and other long positions. And CNBC is there to keep that information circulating in front of you.  But up until August 2020, Robinhood shared what stocks its investors were holding. That data was available publicly through a portal, and not even slightly as revealing as what it sells to its customers. The platform that first introduced no commission trading, freeing the little guy from the chains of $5-$10 commissions, sells its order data to hedge funds. This means that hedge funds, the same ones that are massively short stocks like GME and AMC, can see what these retail traders on Robinhood are doing. A little like how Google can see your every search and prescribe ads for you before you realize you wanted something. With this data, massive financial firms set up algorithms to beat them before they’ve even started playing.  This game has never been one of symmetric information. Never. Hedge funds and big banks and other financial institutions “winning” this game have known everything that the ordinary person has and then some. Even the Reddit community beating them at their own game, WallStreetBets, is entirely public (for the most part) and has been allegedly spammed by bots from the hedge funds. To say that this community has done anything more than work together to punish the big traders for walking a tightrope on leveraged trades and insane shorting positions is ludicrous. And for Wall Street to think that they could avoid taking the loss by doubling down on their shorts is equally ludicrous.   The stock market should be a free market. There should be no distortions created by brokerages restricting anyone’s trading privileges, and the regulators should seek to condemn those who did the restricting. Guess what. Wall Street lost this one. Just like LTCM lost in 1998 after a Russia financial crisis. Just like Lehman Brothers and many other companies lost in 2008 in their dark pools of mortgage-backed securities and derivatives. But this time the little guys didn’t get dragged down with them, and they have the audacity to have disdain for that. $70 billion in losses is not enough of a lesson for them.  But they didn’t lose because the retail trader knew something they didn’t know. The game of asymmetric information continues even in a world flooded with data. Imagine playing chess without knowing where the opponent’s pieces are while he or she knows the positions of yours. MTS Insights will continue to contribute to transparency in the stock market and the economy. We support the pursuit of a level playing field for the retail investor in finance no matter how impossible it may seem to achieve. Onwards and upwards (GME and the like).
We did it. They're hurting. Keep Holding.
AMC only up from here... just valuation and not the squeeze, see you on the moon
Prepare yourselves for a bloody red Monday.
Never has it been so blatantly obvious the markets have been manipulated in favour for the rich, the lions have awoken and they want blood. Everything that has unfolded this past week from the media, the exchanges, the hedge funds and the big money at the top.  The 1% are under fire, from regulators and bankruptcy. This GME situation is unprecedented and will forever make history.  If they’re going down, they’re taking us with them, the volatility we’re all about to see will be known for generations to come.   If they don’t go down because the regulators are as usual favouring the rich, and making it harder for the average folk to make money, there WILL be pitchforks from all corners of the world. The world is watching and enough is enough, the system is rigged, the people have had it and will no longer tolerate this inequality any longer.   Prepare yourselves, the blood is about to rain. I hope everyone has an emergency fund.
If they can keep diamonds artificially inflated, you can hold your GME
If you think that you can’t artificially keep a price inflated, take a look at diamonds  Mega cartels, hedge funds, and the upper class have been artificially setting prices for goods for centuries.   The price you paid for the diamond on your wife’s engagement ring which now sits on her boyfriends bedside table was kept high by those in power so your little ass would fork out enough to get her to say yes.   Oil magnates do the same thing when the Saudis decide they want to fuck the Russians or vice versa.   Nobody bats an eyelid. A bunch of degens want to do the same for a stonk and the world loses its shit.   Keep holding! GME to infinity!!        Tl;dr; accumulate and hold till they bleed, you cunts! Holding 100 GME with love from Australia.
Level 2 Analysis Question GME
Shoutout Arbitrage Andy for this masterpiece. Hold the line.
Burning questions on GME no one in SEC will answer.
1. Why havent shorts covered?  A. They cant physically cover because there are not enough shares. It would not be logical to try.   2. Then why havent they been force covering by their broker/bank/clearing firm?  A. This is the key, we have all seen the margin requirements for GME quadrupled for the rest of us this week. There is no way a normal hedge fund with 70m shorts can stay liquid at price 500. Hedge funds are all traders and the number one rule of trading is always to live and fight another day. They dont yolo like an autist.   3. So who is behind the GME short?  A. Someone who is not affected by normal margin rules. Someone who is connected to all financial intermediaries. Someone who has near infinite capital or can create capital, someone who cannot be seen to be connected to this trade.   My speculation is this is a major US bank, my money would be on Goldman. This is pure speculation.   4. How can banks still prop trade after dodd frank?  A. This is easy and well known, they simply setup or fund a hedge fund that looks to be separate and secretly pull the levers behind the scene.   So there you have it. My guess is the people behind this short is the same ones behind the 2008 collapse, via roundabout ways behind the scene and once again if they fail US financial system go with them.... Queue tears and threats and corrupt politicians and fake regulators....
Fidelity data backs up you degenerates fought the good fight today. I like the top 2 stocks, bought and holding still. Not financial advice, me gustan los valores
fuck the idiots calling it shilling.
buy as many $GME as possible, buy to your brokerage limit if they are douchebags. you've all listed it before these shorts are all the same companies, they all share the same commodity they're all missing; liquid money. if you sell $AMC, $BB, $NOK etc. you're still letting them win. just buy as many as you can of what you can starting at the top $GME and snowball the fuck out of them and hold til they die. fuck plotkin and fuck cohen. if you think this is financial advice go fuck yourself.
Update on AMC/GME Short Interest from an HF Analyst (DD, will update with more info tomorrow)
One of my good friends is an analyst at one of the bigger financial firms and during market hours yesterday, he pulled up the updated short interest on AMC. Here is the data:                             -- Now, as of market close on Thursday, shorts on AMC have doubled down on their positions. Almost no shorts exited their positions during the criminal and illegal period where brokerages halted AMC/GME buying. This looks good for us, because a short squeeze has yet to happen.                           -- As seen on the short shares data, around 165 million of AMC shares are being sold short. To calculate short interest, we mainly want to look at 2 things: shares outstanding and market float. For all you autists out there, the difference between these 2 numbers is that market float is the total number of publicly available shares in the market. ON THE OTHER HAND, shares outstanding includes restricted shares (like executive stock options) that cannot be exercised without special permission from the SEC.                           -- What's important to look at here is the market float, because that is what we are competing against the hedge funds with. The current market float of AMC is around 100 million shares. With some quick monkey math, we see that the short interest with respect to the market float is 165%.                           -- What does this mean for AMC? The squeeze has yet to happen. Buy shares and hold baby. Hedge Funds playing the short side will have nasty tactics up their sleeve, but they played their biggest trick on Thursday by restricting clearing firms and brokers. If we hold and buy shares, they are FUCKED.                           --                           --                           -- NOW, ONTO GAMESTOP: Based on the data from my friend, the news is not as great for GME as it is for AMC, but it is still VERY good. Here is the short interest data for GME:   As we can see, those criminal hedge fund bastards closed a fuck ton of their short positions when the brokers restricted GME buying. As of now, the shorted GME shares is hovering around 60 million shares.                           -- Let's do some more quick monkey math: Based on Yahoo finance, the market float of GME is around 47 million shares. This means the short interest with respect to market float is around 127% for GME. Although it is not as high as it used to be, the squeeze has yet to be squoze.                           -- So what do we do with GME? The same as AMC. We buy and hold and buy and hold until the criminal bastards at the hedge funds are forced to close their positions. I asked my friend for the short data on our other beloved stocks, and I will say that AMC has the highest short interest currently with respect to market float. However, if we buy and hold everything, the price will eventually squeeze. I know that RH is being retarded right now, but do everything you can to purchase these shares if we want to squeeze AMC/GME. Open Webull, Fidelity, etc. Personally, I hopped over to Cashapp to buy a fuck ton of AMC shares on the dip. Anything works. It's us against them.                           --                           -- If this get's enough attention/if all of you guys are interested, I will ask my friend to pull up the updated short data over the weekend to update you guys on Friday's (yesterday) price action.                            --  TLDR: AMC/GME                                      -- My positions: 50x AMC calls, 4x GME calls, 10k in AMC shares.                           -- Godspeed retards.                           --   EDIT: ALL YOU FUCKING AUTISTS WHO THINK I'M A BOT AND PROMOTING AMC, I AM NOT. I HAVE A POSITION IN GME. JUST SHARING THE ACTUAL SHORT DATA YOU RETARDS. DIAMOND HANDS TO THE MOON                                      -- EDIT 2: A LOT OF YOU RETARDS THINK MY FRIEND SENT ME A BULLSHIT GRAPH. HE'S NOT IN ANY OF THESE POSITIONS, SO HE WOULDN'T DO THAT. I JUST WANTED TO POST TO SHARE THE SHORT DATA FROM A FIRM'S END. I WILL ASK HIM TOMORROW WHERE THE DATA IS SOURCED FROM.                           -- DISCLAIMER: NOT FINANCIAL ADVICE. DO WITH THIS INFO WHAT YOU WILL!!!                           --
Consider SPY puts
With memestocks mooning it’s a possibility that hedge funds start to liquidate their long positions to cover their clown ass short bets on the market. I myself believe this is already happening which is why we saw the SPY & other major indices go down during the week once all this got more and more attention. I’m expecting a huge fucking red day on monday on everything except memestocks.  This is not financial advice. Positions:    SPY FDs.  Good luck to you all next week!  EDIT: Just to be clear I’ve been holding GME since November last year.
Public Service Announcement for those coming off big wins - Take a pause to reset!
Disclaimer -   I am not telling you to sell if you are confident in your DD and Positions  . This is general advice I don't see in WSB.  Fellow WSBers,  I felt the need to write this to the collective group. Many of you have added a zero or more to your overall NET WORTH in the last couple months, weeks or days. Congratulations, that is awesome. I am truly happy for you and wanted to offer some advice.         Take a Break.   Revel in the win. You need some time to reset on your new situation.     Do something nice for your immediate circle   \- significant other, family, close friends, a stranger.     Don't tell everyone how well you did.   You can say in general but keep it vague. Your money is your money, no one needs to know. There are people in this world that will take advantage.     Leave 50% of the big win in cash   for at least a couple days, a weekend, a week to reformulate your move forward. Pushing it back into the game immediately is a great way to lose it all.     Don't forgot what got you here.   Some of it was luck, some skill, some determination. Accurately assess your ability. May be time to join Theta Gang with some of it and buy 100 block chunks of stock and sell some Covered Calls or sell Cash Secured Puts.     Start thinking about Retirement.   If you are young, start a ROTH IRA and fully fund it for 2020 and 2021. BIG BONUS - You can trade this money without worrying about taxes until you pull it out when you retire.     Pay off some debt   \-  Be smart actually transfer some to your bank account and pay off a credit card, student loan (leave $10k or less in cause Biden comes through), your car (maybe, most interest rates are   or so). I would probably not pay off a house cause you need dry powder for future plays but it does bring piece of mind.     Tax Man cometh and he will take away, prepare for it  . You will pay short term taxes (same as your income tax rate). Some of you will bump up a couple tax brackets this year and for the first time in your life have a significant tax bill. SET ASIDE 25% or more for taxes. If you held for over a year it is capital gains at 15%. If you traded in retirement accounts, congrats you trimmed years off your retirement age. It may be worth the money to actually talk to an accountant or tax professional. You may want to pay someone to do your taxes in 2020/2021.     DO NOT MAKE ANY BIG PURCHASES   for a time period. You will make poor decisions in the moment. Why do you think the casinos have expensive malls right next to them. Easiest way for them to get their money back is when you drop it on something that is over priced.     Review your budget  , or create one if you don't have one. Don't start spending above what your current salary/income stream is.     DO NOT QUIT YOUR JOB.   Don't assume you can get similar results moving forward.  Don't become a day trader. The market has been crazy since last Feb/March and frankly for the last 10+ years. It can and may slow down.  These are the thoughts of a dad and exactly what I would tell my sons.  Saw this too -  . We are winning and short haven't learned. We have a whole new group to fleece.
IMPORTANT: SPREAD YOUR FUCKING LIMITS OUT. I have people against what’s going on texting me saying they can see the limits and are devising short strategy around them
Edit: #Do not give me fucking awards make sure everyone sees this  They keep asking for me to “sell and help the cause to send it down” as they have puts on this. If these assholes from college can see it then so do the institutions. (It’s not hard to see btw)   First of all   #FUCK NO  🤲  Second set your limits high. As high as your imagination can go for this run. And spread them out. Do not try to limit sell all your shares at one dollar amount. I just dipped my nutsack in melted diamond and sent them a video.   Not a financial adviser but   #WE LIKE THE STOCK
ERIC beat earnings, 5G space is popping! NOK is next!
GME ITM Options that expire today? Am I missing something?
So from what I understand is to day a crap ton of options that are ITM from around $200 strike price will need to be bought. I can be wrong but around 20M shares in total.   I am just trying to understand the Volume we are having to day is extremely low compared to our past week of like 100-200M each day. I know we have restriction problems going on.   Like I said I can be wrong but from my understanding 20M shares need to be bought today. With our current volume traded today I don't see how the hedge funds have already covered these ITM calls. Or who ever owns them. Could they have already bought the shares yesterday?  I mean shouldn't we see a spike with the last couple hours of everyone covering those ITM calls?
Doing my part for GME
I am admittedly retarded and didn’t feel like or know how to rotate the image but as you can see I bought a bunch of shit at GameStop today. Now you may ask, trulystupidinvestor, do you have a Pop! collection at home? No you fuckwits these are gifts I’m giving to friends and their kids. Did you need a PS4 controller? No! I don’t even own a PS4, but some lady was in there trying to purchase a used PS4 controller for her kid and they didn’t have any, so I bought her a new one to take home to her kid. Do I want accolades or attaboys? NO! What I want is brothers and sisters in arms, purchasing things from GameStop that they(or others) will like and enjoy, so that they might like and enjoy their stock even more.   I am not a financial or lifestyle advisor. I LIKE THIS STOCK! Obligatory:      EDIT: Today is the last day of GME 2020 Q4
Why this squeeze is good for the economy! Putting money back in the hands of the people means a lot more money cycles through the economy! #KEEPSQUEEZING   (not advice)
So if I understand correctly, taking that money from a small number of ultra-wealthy firms and putting it in the hands of consumers and retail investors will fortify the economy! Why?!? Because now there are thousands of people who have a higher purchasing power. That means a lot more money will be spent in local businesses, shopping centers, car dealerships, etc. It will more evenly be distributed among the masses. It will also be taxed which means more money for government assistance programs and infrastructure, and all the other bullshit government spends on. It seems to me that this is more about ego and precedent than the actual dollar value for these market makers pushing against the squeeze. They stand to lose   billion, which to us seems like a lot but to them doesn’t even amount to a drop in the bucket. Long story short I think common sense says this will galvanize our economy.   If you agree with this opinion please share this post with your friends on any platform you can. A lot of people aren’t thinking about the big picture so they’re getting scared. Help them see how this can be a really good thing.   I encourage you all to share Input and make any corrections because at the end of the day I'm just a retard with an opinion.
1-29 Market Dynamics, GME Should be $1000+, Systemic Risk Fears. Watch out today!
TLDR: Today's movements are a combination of panic around systemic failure Monday, with some selling of winners to buy GME and other meme stocks by the broad market.  It's also the VIX/Risk Parity unwind trade happening. My opinions: a) GME would be 4 digits if not for the factors today around calls and shares being hard to buy. So it could be 4 digits Monday, depending upon regulatory actions b) we are risking a real financial crisis here if GME does get to 4 digits, c) the fed & treasury dept are likely to intervene Monday and don't want this bubble, but dare only attack it indirectly, D) there's going to be over-regulation out of this. Positions: was short when I wrote, now long VIX to hedge catastrophe, but strongly long ES into weekend.    We are seeing today is a bunch of things. It's a little similar to what we saw Tuesday and Wednesday - A lot of selling on fear of systemic failure. What is different though is that on Tues/Wed it was hedge funds covering shorts while dropping their winners. You can see this in the movement of GVIP which is an ETF that mechanically picks hedge fund long favorites. It underperformed market dramatically on those days, then overperformed yesterday. Today it is performing around market.  You also see winners being dumped by retail to now buy GME - I think that's clear in the chart.  Lastly, there's a risk parity trade and momo trade around VIX going on it's fear, risk parity trade, and retail dumping their favorites to buy GME. Explaining all in detail here:    Why I think GME would be 1000+ Today Normally                     It's hard to buy call options. They are the leverage that makes this go up fast, multiplicatively with the narrow effective float now and the short interest. We aren't gamma squeezing as much, but it's still multiplicative in a way other parts of the trade aren't. Today, there's restricted buy (and IV is realy expensive...), and there are dealers selling 5m net shares as calls roll off (probably), and you can't get options most places... And the stock is still up a ton. That to me means without the unwind, and with options broadly available, and buys unrestricted, we'd be at $1000 today or more. Of course, we all know it's a bubble, and bubbles only sustain as long as net capital to the bubble increases. We surely are near the peak - after which it must unwind. But, regardless of the true outcome, we'd be at a much higher price today if not for all of these negative price dynamics piled on - limited new call options, trading restrictions, Friday option unwind. That leads me to my next point.    Systemic Failure Fears:    This GME thing is allowing a ton of leverage. Shorts leverage the stock with their 140% short. Longs are leveraged on calls. You put those together, and total GME leverage might be 40 or 50 or 60x at times when options were cheap (less now, but still significant), and it has further unpredictability around a failure-to-deliver option trade. Also, should illiquidity be created where there aren't really GME shares to sell, and dealers have to buy frantically or shorts are forced by dealers to cover, you'll see tons of forced selling elsewhere. Selling causes more selling, that selling causes vix spike, which causes selling... and that in turn means people who were OK on gme short now must cover because the rest of their portfolio is underwater. What might have been 15b to cover suddenly becomes 100b to cover, and other portfolios with no exposure to GME blow up too.  You put that all together, and there are real fears that this can cause a bankruptcy or at least lack of liquidity for any of Brokers (remember, Robinhood almost ran out of money yesterday), Market Makers, and also random carnage across institutions that are short (or long on margin).  It's impossible to forecast this, and models are breaking. In other words, people are scared, even though the total bubble here is only a about 10 billion dollars of capital really exchanged at the end of the day. But, this could cause contagion at this point - if a good amount of brokers, clearing houses, and/or market makers blew up, which I think is on the table if GME is in the thousands, the entire market gets de-stabilized for a while until it's fixed - trades won't clear, accounts locked, sudden drop in all liquidity, and a lot of loss of trust for a while. This is analogous to pinching an artery or something - the damage hits the basic infrastructure that allow the markets to function if it gets much worse, and there's a recovery period even if the damage isn't fatal. This is why I think the market is selling off so hard today primarily - no one wants to hold risk into a GME $1000+ monday, unless you are long GME.                               Also note - as GME goes lower today, SPX is stabilizing. The less chance it goes to $1000+, the les chance of systemic risk. But, without the net option selling today, it likely would be up double. With new call options on, I think more. Which of course begs the question of if the regulators will allow for call options on Monday.  But, this clearly has upwards pressure that is strong.    Hedge Funds:    Hedge funds had to cover shorts and dump longs to stay properly levered. You saw that with the GVIP dump tues/wed. No longer the case - so hedge funds are either well hedged, or aren't really the ones being forced to cover shorts right now. But they definitely took big damage.    Retail GME Trade:    A lot of retail favorites are selling off more today, like Disney, various favored day trading stocks that aren't current memes, etc. That's adding some vol as people rotate to GME.    VIX and Risk Parity, Momentum Funds    Whenever vol of a stock in the S&P 500 goes up, the S&P 500 vix also has to go up too. There's a class of funds called 'risk parity funds' that basically try to adjust their allocation on risk/reward basis, so when vix goes up, they assume the risk of S&P 500 went up, so they allocate less to it.. this sends it down.. increasing vix. There are also momentum funds that see this happening and just chase the trend. That further adds momentum down. People aren't going to calm down significantly until systemic risk is off the table here.    My Views on Fed Actions    This is a financial crisis about to happen in plain view. The fed will take action to stop it, because it's obviously happening. They can do this very easily with lines of credit to brokers and clearing houses and market makers, and can also stop the cycle by keeping call options off on GME potentially, but that's more politically dangerous. In any case, I think the feds will find a solution that takes systemic risk off the table. They acted very fast during COVID. I think good chance they do it Sunday before market, then do it Monday. If they don't, Monday could become ugly.  I think the Fed will want the GME bubble to die, but they also don't want the political heat for blowing up a trade that's symbolic of political activism for a bunch of people. My sense is their only move is to just squeeze the option market to make it so few calls get created, while also restricting new shorts. If calls are fully restored, this goes very high very fast.  Restricting shorts does make it go higher too as it reliably ends the short interest. Realistically though, the fed and treasury want this to stop, and will be cunning.    How I'm Trading This    It's possible this gets resolved, or the fed does something now, or people BTFD with all the money, but I think this is a situation that could quickly make a -5% market move or a vix spike to the 40s again (we had 37 just 2 or 3 days ago at the close) into the close. So I don't really want to be long with anything 0dte and I'm currently effectively short + long vix. I  expect to switch long on my theory of fed support near or after the close, and a lot of people will be freaked out at the idea of carrying over-weekend risk into the potential of GME at $1000+ blowing things up. As I mentioned above, if SPX looked stable enough, I'd rotate long for next week - but would hold my VIX calls to near or at close no matter what.    Overregulation    The government will not let this crisis go to waste and will absolutely over-regulate. Expect sensible changes like - things that make shorting harder, and make it harder to have huge amounts of open interest of calls. But they may over-do it or do unrelated things. This will make our options trading hobby less fun unfortunately, because options will tend to be less accessible, more expensive and less potent.   Yeah, I'm a bear sometimes. I'm actually up 50% YTD despite my horrid GME shorts. I like taking the plausible bets that win big when they work, and cost less when they don't. IT's the WSB mentality. I have a very small long-term put position on GME. I am long ES, long vol (hedge).    Obviously this isn't financial advice. I know nothing about you, your risk tolerance, etc, which are key inputs. Also, the market is uncertain. This is just my view of what might happen and what has happened and why.
In all the madness this week, I briefly caught wind of Chamath Phlaplaitlatlalyaysas or whatever the fuck floating the idea that he wants to give 100k to the top 10 WSB posters   here's why I think that's a terrible idea
Part of what makes this sub so great, is because we're all retarded. But something even more great, is that we're retarded. We put all our brains together, and we vote on ideas, we vote on the juciest gains, and the gayest loss porn, and ideas that make you have to change your pants cuz they're so god damn sexy.      /r/wallstreetbets isn't where a bunch of cock sucking trust fund babies diversify their multi-million dollar inheritence and make 4% a year. No, here is where we go down to our basement while our wife's bf goes balls deep in that poon, and while listening to the rattling of the bed upstairs, we close our eyes and deeply inhale our tendies with honey mussy and buy FD's on spac's and tsla and jack off and other bullshit like that.      Giving a shit ton of money to the luckiest retards here so we can rally behind them and hop in on their trades is fuckin stupid. this place is beautiful. and its beautiful because, like 4chan, and like the internet as a whole, it is the crowd sourcing of ideas that brings the best content out of the pit of chaos. this is a god damn casino. this is the unemployment line.      we're having a lot of fun here, and i dont want billionaires and media conglomerates and capitalist pigs coming in here and fucking it up and capitalising and milking the fuck out of it... just like they did to burning man, coachella, and every other hippie festival in the california desert that you liked. warped tour, shit you name it any fuckin thing you like, capitalists come in and milk it to the fuckin bone.     So, please, rally against any attempt to organize us into a cohesive entity. We're not. we are individuals who like the stock. we like the fuckin stock and we buy.      the fact that we're chilling at 1 million active users right now should scare you. especially on reddit. every reddit that gets popular gets fucking ruined. shit, I think we should abandon twitter and reddit all together and move to a decentralized un-regulated platform. we have a special culture here, we need to guard and protect it.      The snakes are out there and theyre looking for an opportunity to strike. call them out on that bullshit. rally together like the retarded apes we are. HOO HOO HOO REEEEEEE@@!!!! shit like that. make them scared to touch us. I liked it better when everyone thought we were just a bunch of retards. I dont like jimmy, and chamath lktapeskyiosjahs, and other wolves acting like we're geniuses. and we're smart. and people should listen to us. NO THEY FUCKING SHOULDNT. LURK MOAR and watch whats happening and buy stok that u like. thats it.
Shorters Shitting Themselves
Market-wide, short sellers were down $245 billion in 2020 and $54 billion in January 2021 alone. Why do bears keep betting against the printer?
Sources for my numbers:        As much as we love to laugh at the bears and mock the shorts, you can't help but feel that bulls have enjoyed an ~~unfair~~ patriotic advantage ever since the Fed decided to tape down the print button back in March 2020.  EDIT: removed some unpatriotic language
GME Reality Check - Days to cover / Short Ratio (as of 01/29/2021)
PLEASE READ, FOR AUTISM'S SAKE -  My fellow retarded brethren,  It is in my humble opinion that the information regarding Melvin having 5 to 6 days to cover their shorts is    NOT    true anymore. It may have been true at the beginning of the week, but not anymore.  Let me explain with links and shit for authenticity purpose -    \-   days  <open following link in incognito for multiple visits>        See the green line?    \-   days.  It is undoubtedly true that we simply do NOT know what is going on behind their closed doors. We will never know.  So please, verify any information from multiple reliable sources.  I also came across some images yesterday which were uploaded by a user who I'd like to credit but I can't find him, so the source of following images is ' dude, trust me'      -   days        "The short ratio heavily depends on the volume. If there is a large enough volume and assuming Melvin has been steadily covering (which I personally believe they are), it will hardly take them a day to cover if the data on any of those links/images is true."       Just trying to spread awareness. I could be entirely wrong here and I would welcome it if someone proved me wrong.  I am holding shares like a muthafucka. There's no doubt about it. I will continue to hold even if I am shitting my pants for every dip I see. But please, please, try to verify all the information that you're reading.  Holding since $     🏻      Yours truly,  Random diamond handed retard     This isn't financial advice as I am a complete and total retard myself.        Edit: Some goddamn good information (if true) -  verbatim from u/  from the comments  "Hijacking top comment. I am a retard and this is not financial advice.  You guys are confusing volume with real retail volume. Total Volume includes all the bullshit selling they are doing with each other. Retail volume is how much buying and selling is retail movement. Data shows that retail is providing very little sale side orders. meaning that the DTC is most likely much longer than the predictions here because they can trade with each other all they fucking want but until retail starts to sell in volume they won't pull enough shares to cover."     Edit2: I have to include this because this is a damn good point as well  verbatim from u/YesWhatHello  " We are seeing short interest remain high though - my hypothesis is that the hedge funds covered their riskiest positions already and replaced those with new shorts (betting that the price would come down from its \~$300 level right now).  IMO, short squeeze is still a possibility if the price goes up further or if through holding the price stays the same and hedgies get bored / don't want to keep paying interest on their positions (although personally I think this is less likely than momentum in GME dying down and retail traders taking profits)."
if you have ITM options: roll them out to next month. here’s why
Unless you have deep pockets and can take delivery of the shares backing your ITM options, you should roll out your options to next month or beyond in order to keep the pressure on the brokers to hold the requred amount of shares  Anyone that can't take delivery of the stock (because they don't have thousands in their accounts) need to roll out their positions.  If thousands of positions get closed by the brokerages (which they will do automatically if your positions are ITM and you don't have enough cash in your account) and aren't rolled forward to next month and beyond, brokers will no longer have to hold as many shares backing those high delta and gamma options expiring today.   EDIT: rolling out is a term used to describe the following: selling your OTD options and rebuying at a later date.  EDIT2: only do this if your broker isn’t limiting buys. check first.
Silver, an undervalued inflation hedge with short squeeze potential
# Silver as an inflation hedge  Historically, silver has acted as a stellar investment when the government is printing money or inflation is high. See the below graph to see how silver performed in the inflationary 70s and how it has performed over the last 20 years while the federal reserve has been expanding its balance sheet.     I probably don't have to tell you, but I will for those who aren't up to date on the government finances. The government is printing a shit ton of money. Like, the amount of money printing is insane and unprecedented. The M1 money supply went from $4T to $  in 2020 alone. That's a 40% increase in the amount of money! This has never happened in the history of the United States. See graph below.     Once the vaccines are distributed, which is happening this year, and everyone can start to consume again, inflation will come roaring back. Commodities have already started blowing up which is a preliminary indicator of inflation. See the price of corn, soybeans, and steel below.           Although the government has printed lots of money in 2020, it is guaranteed they will continue this trend into 2021. The fed is purchasing $120B every month of treasuries and mortgage backed securities, which is equivalent to printing another $  this year. Also, the democrats control all three branches of government and have released a $  covid bill. This is just the covid bill! Biden also has huge plans for infrastructure as well, meaning we will see another multi-trillion dollar bill this year! Because of the expected inflation from these actions, we've seen 10 year interest rates spike over the last month. An increase in interest rates means that big money is expecting increased inflation in the future and demand a higher interest rate to compensate for that. See 10 year interest rate spike below.     While 10Y interest rates are spiking, the real yield (interest rate - inflation) is falling! See graph below. This means that you are losing more and more money by holding a bond/treasury. There are   that are yielding negative interest and the people owning them want to get out! They are losing purchasing power by holding those treasuries!     So where will all the money go from the sold treasuries? Inflation hedges and stocks. What are some popular inflation hedges? Gold and silver. So which horse should we choose? Silver, because it has a much smaller market cap ($1T vs $10T) which means it is more volatile. Just look at what happened in 2020. From March to August, silver rallied 140% vs gold's 40%.  # Silver is historically undervalued  There are a few ways to look at the price of silver today vs the historic price. If we look at a current CPI inflation adjusted graph, we will see that the all time high of silver in 1980 was around $120/oz.     This shows that there is huge upside in the price of silver from where we are now, but that doesn't tell the whole story. After the inflationary 1970s, there were sweeping changes made to the CPI to mask the large amount of inflation that was occurring. You can read more about these  . Shadow Stats, a website devoted to measuring economic indicators with the original methods, has a graph of inflation measured with the old CPI shown below.     If you've wondered why cost of living, houses, and other assets have gone up a ton over the last twenty years, while reported inflation is very low, this is why. If we use the 1980s CPI to calculate the inflation adjusted price of silver, we get a much different story.     This shows that the real all time high of silver is around $700! That's 26x the price of silver today. It's an understatement to say we are a long way from all time highs. What could bring us back to these highs?  # Silver supply and demand  Over the past 5 years,  . It is becoming harder and harder to get silver! This is due to declining grades at existing projects, a lack of new discoveries, and very few new mines coming online. Below you can see the change in the annual mine supply and the amount of money being invested in finding new mines.        While silver supply is shrinking,  ! Not only will there be sustained demand, but many banks are short silver leading to a possible short squeeze in the price.  # Silver has short squeeze potential  Silver has been heavily shorted and manipulated for years. There are multiple cases about JPMorgan and other banks resulting in  . Also, the paper silver market is over 200 times the physical silver market which means that there is not enough silver to go around if people take delivery! Investors pulled record amounts of silver off the COMEX earlier in 2020 and have started again. There are massive inflows into SLV, around $750M last week and $500M in one day. Look at the chart below to see the massive spike in inflow.     SLV is an ETF that holds its silver in allocated accounts, which means it is taking the silver off the market and contributing to the paper silver squeeze.  # How to play this  I have 6/30/2021 $25C on SLV but I have heard PSLV is just as good. Both hold physical silver. Miners, like AG, are leveraged silver, but they will not contribute to a squeeze because they are producing silver, not pulling it off the market. My positions are shown below.     If this is well received, I will release future updates.  TLDR:  Silver is the perfect inflation hedge, supply is shrinking while demand is spiking, and a short squeeze could occur. Silver to the motherfucking moon. 🏄‍♂️🌕   Obligatory: I am not a qualified licensed investment advisor. I don't know anything. I'm just a software engineer with too much time on his hands.  Edit: It's come to my attention that Robinhood is limiting the purchase of SLV shares. Fuck this app. I'm moving off it if I ever close this position and switching to Fidelity, TD Ameritrade, or Vanguard. I would recommend you all do the same. These people are criminals.  Edit2: To get around Robinhood’s bullshit limits, you can buy deep in the money calls and then exercise them, giving you the shares.
WE NEED A MASS EXODUS FROM ROBINHOOD. #DELETEROBINHOOD
#PLEASE READ THE WHOLE POST, MAKE SURE YOU BURN ANYTHING BOLD AND WHITE INTO YOUR BRAIN SO IT STARTS WRINKLING  Yesterday they disable the ability to buy any stock we talk about here.  Today they limit our ability to buy stocks and options.  4 hours in they cut those limits by half.  Now they are “experiencing high traffic” and there are delays on deposits and transactions.   WE NEED TO LEAVE THIS FUCKING PLACE THEY BETRAYED US. DO YOUR RESEARCH AND MOVE TO ANOTHER PLATFORM, WHO WILL NOT BULLSHIT YOU AND SCREW YOU AS BAD AS ROBINHOOD HAS AND WILL CONTINUE TO.  #   Other Platforms: Schwab, TD, e-Trade, weBull, etc.     Don’t bother with transferring your account over for now, you will just freeze your current shares for 1-2 weeks or however long Robinhood decides to delay.      You can open a new account now on a new platform and begin trading from there. Do not sell your shares on Robinhood.      Robinhood you betrayed us.    #DO NOT SELL YOUR SHARES ON ROBINHOOD. HOLD THEM AND BUY MORE SHARES ON YOUR NEW BROKERAGE ACCOUNT. DONT SELL.   #AND KEEP HOLDING   🤚  THE GME CANT STOP WONT STOP    🌕     # #DELETEROBINHOOD (later after the squeeze)
JUST YOLO'D 330K TO HELP KEEP THIS PARTY GOING TO THE MOON
TD Ameritrade not allowing any new short positions to be established
The Wolf of Hedge Funds
GameStop short sellers are still not surrendering despite nearly $20 billion in losses this month
Robinhood forced margin calls by removing all my margin. Then wouldn’t let me deactivate RH Gold!
You heard him, HOLD! We can take $  BILLION more away from them. Keep those diamond hands and let's send this thing to Alpha Centauri
Lmao anyone want to work for a company that believes “financial markets should be accessible to all?” Looks like someone is scared of regulation...
GME Call Options Expiring ITM today
I manually added them up because I'm retarded. There's probably a way to do it automatically.  Right now at a stock price of $329, there are 63,025 calls expiring in the money today. At 100 shares per contract, that's 6,302,500 shares potentially trading hands after market close today. I say potentially because some people may choose to roll them out to a later date, reasons unbeknownst to me.  The current ITM strikes with the highest OI (Open Interest):  \-$115 - 10,371 contracts  \-$200 - 9,233 contracts  \-$320 - 7,835 contracts  The next highest strike up with high interest is $570 with 3,949 contracts.  I don't think it's any coincidence that the current price is hovering around $320. If I had to make a retarded guess, I'd say it's being ever so slightly manipulated to hover here. My uneducated guess is that just before market close, we'll see a short attack to drive it below $320, forcing the 7,835 call contracts at the $320 strike to expire out of the money.  I'm not a financial advisor, and I really don't know what the hell I'm talking about. I found a website and added up some numbers. Do what you want with this info. I'm truly an imbecile and you should in no way, shape or form use this information for your personal "investing" decisions.  Having said that, if anyone smarter than me can extrapolate on what I've said here, I like to learn.
It’s as simple as doing nothing.
If no one sells, and even if no one buys, the hedge funds still lose. They have to cover their shorts at some point in time. Why do you think they only disabled purchases yesterday?  If the price was static, with no market movement, hedge funds would lose. Even if you took your orders off the market to buy, they can’t manipulate the stock low enough to save themselves.  Think about it: the hedge funds have to go long at some point in time to cover. All we have to do is wait and let them kill themselves in the process.  As the legendary Sun Tzu said in the Art of War: “the supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.” Follow his words.  Stay zen. Stay calm. We like the stock.  Enjoy your weekend.
Wall Street Bets saga. Epilogue.
10K PL. CURRENTLY   Short Interest   FEE. AMC 1 week behind GME!!!!!!! HOLD GME AMC BB NOK
We are the pirates of Wallstreet!
Congress will scrutinize Reddit trading tactics
Misconceptions and bullshit
This post might rub people the wrong way but I think it’s important to make sure accurate information is getting out there.    Not financial advice, stop messaging me asking what to do with your rent money, just go blow your landlord    # Shorts couldn’t have covered because short interest is up!  This isn’t true. Suppose Melvin started covering their $20 shorts on Tuesday afternoon around $100 and continued to cover as the price was squeezed up to $200 after hours. That night margin calls go out and on Wednesday morning all the small shorts cover or get liquidated, squeezing the price up to $350. During that time institutions (possibly including Melvin) open up  new  shorts between $250 and $350. Short volume increases but those new short positions aren’t in any danger of getting squeezed unless retail drives the price to $400-$500. Short interest alone does not mean more squeezing is possible; you have to consider borrowing rates, entry points, and the number of involved institutions too.  # Shorts couldn’t have covered because volume was too low!  Also not true. The volume you see reported comes from the Consolidated Tape Plan (CTP). Exchanges and ECNs / dark pools are required to report trade information as it happens to the CTP for aggregation and redistribution out to all institutions and brokers, who then pass it down to their clients in the form of price and volume graphs. But not all trading happens on venues that are subject to CTP reporting. For example, Gabe Plotkin of Melvin could have simply called a few hedge fund buddies he knows to be  long  GME and cut a deal. He could also have gone to a Citadel and directly swapped out his shorts for higher priced shorts, paying the difference as a premium (sort of like rolling a short call out) and having Citadel’s market maker operations cover from their book (at the cost of liquidity for retail traders). Or he could have used Citadel’s loan to buy calls to collateralize his shorts. CTA reported volume does not tell the whole story.  # Keep buying and we’ll squeeze out the new shorts!  Retail buying power is probably going to get exhausted at some point. The initial argument for the GME squeeze was “Hey look, this company is undervalued, overshorted, and cheap”. Now the valuation is much higher and it’s no longer cheap enough for retail to move easily - and especially calls, calls are so expensive now that gamma squeezing to initiate a short squeeze is a lot harder.  Squeezing shorts that got in at $400 is going to be hard. And if you  did  squeeze them out, they will short again at $500 or $600. The higher the price and the less unreasonable the short entry points, the harder it will be to squeeze.  # Market makers will have to buy tons of shares today!  Probably not, to be honest. Market makers adjust their positions dynamically to remain delta neutral, they don’t just wait until the last minute to hedge. Sometimes (like during gamma squeezes) they fall behind and they get stuck with a directional position on the stock, and have to catch up later. But yesterday’s conveniently timed retail trader lockout kept gamma low and prices suppressed so there was plenty of time to catch up. You never know what could happen after hours, especially if a lot of options a right at the money, but don’t expect market maker hedging to kick off a subsequent short squeeze.   # So I should sell?  I’m not saying that, you just need to come up with a  new  reason for your decision, because I think the initial thesis has more or less been satisfied by this point.  Here are some reasons you might decide to hold or buy:  1. You think Gamestop the company is undervalued at $350. 2. You think squeezing shorts that got in between $250 and $350 is possible. 3. You think there is money to be made on volatility over the coming weeks, such as more gamma squeezing of market makers. 4. You think the media coverage will lead to more FOMO and you want to ride the momentum. 5. You think my reasoning is bullshit and the $20 shorts didn’t actually cover yet and are about to be liquidated. 6. You like the stock. You want to be a long-term Gamestop shareholder, own part of the company, take part in proxy votes, etc. and benefit from long-term growth of the business. 7. You want to make a moral statement about hedge funds, market makers, brokers, and the dirty pool they play.  If any of that rings true to you then take out a second mortgage on your house and buy that shit. (Don’t do that. >!Actually yes do that!<)
WallStreetBets The Movie. Who is Writing/Directing/Acting?
Obviously we're going to get a cool movie out of this. I'm curious as to who you guys want Writing, Directing, and Acting in this movie?   How do you see the movie storyline going?  Which Parts do we see going into this movie for sure?   Obviously DFV is going to be a major lead into this situation, do we see Michael Burry making a return?     Would love to hear your inputs from the source of WallStreetBets themselves before they Spill out dumb ideas that were unrelated to the situation!   CONGRATULATIONS AUTISTS! WE DID IT!
HISTORY REPEATS ITSELF - WE ARE ALL JAMES BOND TODAY!
WHY THIS WEEKEND IS IMPORTANT.... (Repost)
Originally posted by u/HoldUntilYouDie  Why This Weekend Is So Crucial...  Ok listen up retards... I know it's Friday and some of you short-term monkey brains are thinking about bailing on your brothers. Your paper hands are beginning to c  up. I get it.   BUT WE CANNOT SELL!       There are still   MASSIVE   amounts of shorts on $GME. Still well over 113% of total shares floated ( from S3 Partners ). Some old shorts have gotten out, but many   NEW   shorts have taken their place in the past couple of days hoping that $GME will die out.     # Here is the key part...  They are literally PRAYING for us to sell our shares and end this entire thing today. They are HOPING that they can make back their money at our expense...   BECAUSE EVERY SINGLE DAY THAT THEY HOLD THEIR SHORT POSITIONS IS COSTING THEM BILLIONS OF DOLLARS COLLECTIVELY!!!       # BILLIONS A DAY.  All we need to do is   HOLD  . That's it. We will cost them so much money today, next Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and on and on. Soon enough they won't be able to pay the cost of their shorts or it just won't be worth the cost anymore and they will all eventually have to bail.   THAT IS GOING TO BE THE SQUEEZE  . Once the costs keep adding up, they will start to bail and the rest will follow.     WE MUST STAY STRONG. DON’T FORGET WHAT THEY HAVE DONE TO US. IT'S A GAME OF CHICKEN. WHOEVER BLINKS FIRST.. LOSES.   We're not fucking blinking.       TL/DR: HOLD. HOLD. HOLD. THIS WEEKEND INTO NEXT WEEK IS CRUCIAL!      (Not financial advice. Entertainment only)   Edit 1: STOP GIVING ME AWARDS, I AM ONLY PASSING ON THE ADVICE OF OTHERS. KEEP UPVOTING THIS FOR ALL TO SEE. TO THE MOON BRETHREN    Edit 2: PREP FOR THE SHORT LADDER ATTACK. EXPECT SOME BULLSHIT FROM THE HF’S TODAY. EXPECT IT, WE ARE MAKING THEM SWEAT.  Edit 3: ITS FUCKING HAPPENING. HOLD THE LINE YOU APES! DIAMOND HANDS ARE FOREVER! 🤲🏻   Edit 4: Please direct your gratitude and awards to the OP, the one who actually deserves it. I am only echoing their call! HOLD THE LINE!
Media Falsely Claims WallStreetBets, GameStop ‘Meme Stock’ Traders are Alt Right, Incel, GamerGate Supporters
Unpopular Opinion: At this point it is too late to buy $GME
I love this community and hope the shorts get totally fucked, but I really think new $GME buyers have dried out. Joe Kennedy famously decided to sell out of the stock market in 1929 before the crash after getting stock advice from his shoe shine boy, and taking this to mean that the market was saturated. When you hear your normie friends and family members talking about $GME and r/wsb, these are the modern day shoe shine boys.  At some point or another, $GME will have to return to a somewhat normal valuation. This doesn’t have to happen any time soon and could take quite a long time, but it will become a battle of who can remain solvent for longer. As much as I want WSB to win this battle, The cards are stacked against them. Hedge funds have more leverage, more resources, and lower interest rates. In the end, sadly, I think a lot of traders here coming late into the game will get fucked.  Edit: just wanted to add that I have never had any GME position and do not plan to open any.
RH now limiting to 2 shares max of GME. This is the same shit as yesterday, just disguised.
Let's debunk a few things about Gamestop and Melvin because this is getting ridiculous!
Hi,  I want to preface this by saying that this is not financial advice and this is purely for entertainment and informational purposes only. I have no position on Gamestop stock at the moment and no position on the other very volatile stocks either.  I realize that this is a long post that very few people will read so   if you don't want to read all this, at least read the next paragraph :    TL;DR :  Gamestop is very risky and most probably much riskier than you can imagine as the stock price can go back to 10 or 20 in just a day or 2. The price does not reflect the fundamentals and if suddendly people realize that they can't sell the stock at a higher price as they hope they could, nothing will justify those high prices and the stock price will collapse very quickly. (See Wirecard chart to see what I'm talking about). A lot of you accept those risks the same way a lot of you accepted the risks of investing in bit###n or any scam related to it : you're ok with it only because it's going up and will cry about it as soon as it's going down. And for the novices here, I don't think you fully grasp how insane this is right now as you have no frame of references : you see stocks skyrocketting and think that this pretty rare and I'm here to tell you that it's never happened since the dot-com bubble and i don't know if you remember but this shit didn't end well (even for good tech companies).   Another thing : English is not my native language so sometimes I'm going to express myself poorly and I apologize for it.  Now, I want to debunk a few things about Gamestop and Melvin Capital :   # 1. They will have to buy at $10 000 no matter what.  False. If they have the choice between waiting (and paying interest for borrowing the stock) even for years they'll do it as it's much MUCH cheaper than buying back the stock at $10 000 or any price above $400 (that I chose completely arbitrarely). As this is (in some way) unprecedented, they will have more help from banks and other hedge funds to help them keep their positions longer until this whole situation calms itself down to prevent them from selling at a completely absurd price.  # 2. They will go bankrupt as a result of this.  Nope. They got bailed out by some hedge funds and they will get bailed out by others in the future.  To prove my point, I'm going to take the case of Long Term Capital Management (LTCM for short) that was in a similar situation :  - At first, they had a good strategy : they had a bunch of arbitrage that nobody really thought of and they got really great returns (they averaged 40% annually).  - Then, other hedge funds copied their strategy and the opportunities got smaller and smaller, so LTCM decided to put riskier and riskier bets. Those bets were very big positions on very illiquid markets therefore if the trade were going badly, they were losing a lot of money and to add insult to injury, since it's in illiquid markets, they would have a very hard time to get out of their positions.  - One day, a bunch of those highly leveraged positions were going down big time and LTCM could not handle it. They sold a bunch of them at highly unfavorable prices but they couldn't liquidate their positions completely.  - Then, banks, hedge funds and the fucking federal reserve decided to bail them out to prevent a major financial crisis. They gave them billions of dollars, split their positions and therefore the losses as well.  - The hedge fund did not go bankrupt and it stayed alive for a while but then they stopped completely as their creditors got paid back.  If I'm telling you that long ass story, it's because it's really similar to what's happening with Melvin Capital :   - They had a good strategy at first : shorting companies that are slowly going out of business. - Then got into riskier and riskier plays : added more into their plays in hope to manipulate the price forcing the companies that they shorted to go bankrupt. - One play went badly. - Now they're being bailed out by a few banks and this is going to happen even more until this situation stops.  Now there are a 2 differences here :  - First, the positions that LTCM had had no chance of recovering and the price was going to be like that if not lower for a long time. In the case of Melvin, the price of GME will not stay at $10 000 and probably not even $500 for very long. - And second, this is a much smaller position compared to what LTCM had back then. They had $  billions of dollars in losses on highly leveraged plays, Melvin Capital doesn't have that much even with a $1000 stock price.  So what will happen in my opinion?  Melvin Capital will keep their positions as long as they have to. If the price doesn't go down, the government will probably force some stock holders or the company itself to sell the stock at a reasonable price to help them out.  # 3. This is like the 2008 crisis.  Like wtf??!   This is nowhere near like the 08 crisis. Like what are you smoking??!  The CDS (the products that they bought back then) were literally worthless and could NEVER recover. A lot of people defaulted their loan and therefore those loans could NEVER recover. The banks were leveraged 30x meaning that for every million dollars worth of defaulted loans, their losses were at 30 million dollars.  Also, the sums for the 08 crisis was much MUCH bigger than the 10 billion dollars that the company is worth right now.  Also, in the case of the 08 crisis, a lot of those products got exchanged around the world and made it a worldwide crisis.  Finally, if you think this is like that, then remember that the government bailed them out with the taxpayer's money and a lot of banks and hedge funds actually MADE MONEY from this crisis. And some banks sold those worthless products to some of their clients that lost all of their 401K.  # 4. They will have to buy it back from us.  False, I've already debunked this : they will probably ask the company to sell it at a "fair" price whatever that means.  But to expand on that, I want to talk about the greater fool theory as this is probably the best example of this right now.  From Investopedia :  >The greater fool theory states that it is possible to make money by buying securities, whether or not they are overvalued, by selling them for a profit at a later date. This is because there will always be someone (  a bigger or greater fool) who is willing to pay a higher price.  This is obviously happening right now as some of you bought the stock at $11 and sold at $20, some bought it at this price and sold it at $100 and so on.. and some of you bought it early and kept it this whole time hoping to sell it at a much higher price.   This strategy only works if you're able to sell your security at the "greater fool" or in other terms, someone that is willing to pay it at a higher price.  Right now it works because everybody is hoping that the hedge funds (and mostly Melvin) will be the greater fools but they have much MUCH more ressources to go through before buying it at these ridiculous prices : manipulating the market to scare the retailers, halting the trading for the stock, preventing the retailers from buying the stock, getting bailed out by other banks, the government or the federal reserve. So i can GUARANTEE you that they will not be buying at those prices.  # 5. Shorting is criminal and should be illegal.  That's going to be short (no pun intended) : No. Shorting is a good strategy when you have a shitty company that will probably go out of business. Tell that to the ones that shorted Enron, Wirecard, or bought all those CDS (essentially shorting the housing market).  What should be prevented is abusing your shorting position to put pressure on a company and forcing them to bankruptcy as they were doing to Gamestop.   If you shorted Blockbuster, Hertz, Kodak, and many others, it wasn't criminal, it was profiting off of a dying business. If you think this is horrible to do : this is debatable but also you're basically doing the same thing by trying to squeeze them out of their positions.  # 6. The class action lawsuit will result in Robinhood going out of business. Robinhood will say that they halted buying the stock to protect their clients as this is a very volatile stock and they were not professionals. Also, they were issues with the clearing of the trades making it impossible for them to execute all those trades without impacting the trading of the rest of the securities.  Also, in the Customer Agreement, section 5-J : > I understand that Robinhood may discontinue My Account and any services related to My Account immediately by providing written notice to Me.  Also, they could just lie and make bullshit claims and will get away with this because their clearing house is fucking Citadel and Citadel is pretty fucking powerful in the financial system.  # 6-bis : People leaving Robinhood will result in Robinood going out of business. Most people will not leave Robinhood.   There were countless examples of pretty fucked up things that they've done and people still use it to this day. Quote from a comment that I've made a few days ago :  > After GUH moment, countless outages during very volatile moments, them using fucking Citadel (you know, the ones that gave money to Melvin to let them live a bit longer) to clear your trades, them not giving you the correct bid/ask data, the app being full of bugs, and them having a better mobile app than website, and [people] still use it??!  If after all this and way more, people still use it, people will still use it even after that because it's fun to play around in their app and now those retail traders are used to the app.  # 7. This is unprecedented, so nobody can really predict what will happen. False, a lot of those things happened before, so this situation is not precedented but the MAGNITUDE of the situation is. You could definitely predict them preventing people from buying as they're scummy af, you could predict banks to bail them out (and even more in a few days) as this has happened before with LTCM. You can predict that they will not suffer the consequences because in all scandals they never fucking do as they're so important to our system and them going out of business will collapse the whole financial system.   So here are the things that can happen :  - Gamestop is forced to sell their stock at a "fair" price. If they refuse, the government will threaten them with legal consequences like market manipulation or some bullshit like that (don't need to be right, just need to scare them with big consequences). - Hedge funds will give their positions to banks and banks will sell them to customers (just like in the 08 crisis). - They will be bailed out to prevent a big financial meltdown. Then, as people will realize that they will never close their position at the high price that they hoped they would, they suddendly sell their shares and the price of the stock will collapse. The hedge funds buy back the stock at a low price. They make money in the process and a lot of retails lose their life savings.  In fine, my point is that if you want to hurt them, you're hurting them a lot right now with your newfound power. But don't think for a second that this will result in them going bankrupt or any big consequences for them. This will result, as always, with them making a lot of money (or at the very least recouping their losses) and the retail investors losing all their money.  Thanks for going to my ted talk.
When people ask me when I'm selling
TD CHANGING THE RULES MID GAME. HERE WE GO. IT'S ONLY GOING TO GET CRAZIER INTO THE CLOSE.
How hedge funds try to keep above water (and how desperate they are)
There are large ETFs / funds that pay redemption in kind. That means if an ETF investor wants to exit the fund, he receives the underlying stocks as payment instead of a cash payout. Redemption is dependant on weighted asset/stock value.  This week, a fund called SPDR S&P Retail ETF lost about 80% of its asset value because investors exited the fund.  Guess which stock amounted, due to its skyrocketing price, to almost 20% of the ETFs asset value at that time?   GME.    It is likely that hedge funds or associated companies did this to obtain GME stock, which is hard and expensive to borrow right now, because you hold.  It is simple, if they cannot get stock, they lose. They are trying in every way to get stock to close their positions. They try to borrow it expensively, they get it out of funds via the big banks that demand high premiums I bet. They need stock so badly, I think it is not far fetched to assume they called the board of GME and asked them to issue more stock.    #Welikethestock    Source:   and further research
Doing my part. IF HE IS STILL IN, THEN I’M STILL IN
Large buy side volume on GME    🏼
In honor of finally seeing the almighty u/deepfuckingvalue. We must now do our part in having him written in the history books as the greatest that WallStreetBets has ever seen.
Interactive Visualizations of the Volatility Smiles for $GME $AMC $SPCE $NOK Options Chains
Click on a data point after selecting an expiration date to change the details in the top   information on how to interpret/understand Volatility Smiles   is an article from Investopedia.               Links will open a web embedded Power BI Dashboard  Datasets last updated: 1-29-2021 12pm EST   Data source: Robinhood     Edit:    After Many PM's here is
WSB: FURY ROAD
Is this another short ladder? % Float is still at 249% right? - I like this stock
Can you see him? It has appeared, he show the way... This is the way
Just bought 2400 shares of GME. Lets go!
The GME shorts' endgame. INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY.
READ   Credit to   \-- I'm rephrasing so it's just pure information/education and not financial   IS NOT FINANCIAL ADVICE, THIS IS PURELY FOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES.  When might you want to sell? A quick guide for GME  ;DR: DIAMOND HAND        Too much disinformation about when to sell. We are seeing people paper handing GME when it drops by 20%, or saying to sell Friday (WHICH IS ALMOST CERTAINLY NOT IN YOUR FINANCIAL INTEREST) so here is the DEFINITIVE guide on how some smart investors will play the ending. \[Note: I u/TheKageyOne, will not be selling at all, at least not for a long time. I'm in this to hurt the shorts, send a message, and watch GME grow and restructure into a totally new e-commerce and brick and mortar business in the coming years).  First, we need to understand what is "Days to Cover" or "Short Ratio" .  Official definition:  • ⁠Days to cover, also called short ratio, measures the expected number of days to close out a company's issued shares that have been shorted. • ⁠Days to cover is calculated by taking the number of currently shorted shares and dividing that amount by the average daily trading volume for the company in question. • ⁠A high 'days to cover' ratio can often signal a potential short squeeze.  Dumbed down version:    imagine you're Melvin Capital and you have 1 million dildos up your ass. How long will it take to get all those dildos out of your ass? If the volume of dildo removing is 1 per day, then it'll take 1 million days to remove 1 million dildos up your ass. If it's 50,000 dildos a day, then it's 20 days.   Same thing with covering short positions. How long will it take Melvin Capital and other shorters to cover their short positions? You take alllll the shorted shares, divided by the average volume of share movement per day, and you get something called "Days to Cover"  Now you know what day's to cover means, you can check many websites to see what is the days to cover for GME.  = 6 days    =   days    =   days  So you can see, even if Melvin Capital wants to cover their shorts, it's gonna take them DAYS, and right now it's gonna take them an entire trading week to cover their position.  So what does that mean for us?  Well, we're just waiting for the day when Melvin Capital starts covering their position. When is that day? VERY FUCKING SOON. They're are bleeding out of their ass with the insane interest rate they're paying for their position, and a lot of puts are expiring on Friday, plus a lot of ITM (in the money) calls expire Friday and can be exercised to get shares.  Friday might be the day where Melvin Capital have no choice BUT to   START   covering.  Now, IF this happens, then it's   NOT   gonna take Melvin Capital 1 hour to cover all their shorts, but DAYS. Meaning if Melvin capital starts covering FRIDAY, it will take them at LEAST 5 DAYS to fully cover, which means ALL of next week, the price will keep increasing and increasing! So realistically I'd say Weds or Thurs next week might be peak sell time, IF the covering starts Friday. No need to panic sell. No need to worry about a top that lasts for minutes. It will LAST FOR DAYS!!!!!  Now, CNBC and all of the MM's and corrupt media will fool you into thinking Melvin Capital has already covered their shorts or some other bullshit, but don't believe it. It takes DAYS to do so!  The only numbers you should be looking at is the short ratio. If it's getting smaller, then the squeeze has begun. If it's still at fucking 138-140% like it is now, NOTHING EVEN HAPPENED YET.  We're at fucking $250 after hours and the shorts still haven't begun to cover yet! Imagine when they do? $1000 is actually a very low estimate, and is no longer a meme number. If people hold GME stocks play it right and hold while shorts cover, they can literally squeeze this to infinity as the shorts try to cover.  TL:DR = ACTUALLY FUCKING READ IT AND DO WITH THIS INFORMATION WHAT YOU WILL. A LOT OF YOU ARE ROBBING WALLSTREET TOGETHER!!!!!  Edit: Why trust   since near the beginning            NOT FINANCIAL ADVICE      Edit: Yes, I realize the days to cover reported in those links is actually lower now. I don't know enough to tell you what is accurate. I do know enough to tell you that if an investor buys and holds a share, there are fewer shares available for the shorts to cover with, so holding drives up the Days to Cover. If YOU are holding shares, YOU are controlling the Days to Cover. That is why so many people are advocating for
Crime Stoppers Reward for GameStop Information
Crime Stoppers Reward for GameStop Information   People who bought into GameStop for moral reasons have a power the world has never seen. You are amazing. I salute all the diamond hands out there.   Please organize a  "Crime Stoppers"-like  reward for "information leading to a conviction". See how much GME stock (maybe even cash, or  that which must not be named ) the community is willing to offer to encourage a whistleblower to come forward.  You might reach out to the official organization as well.   If the official Crime Stoppers organization can offer , how much are you willing to contribute to bring Wall Street criminals to justice?   Legal disclaimers:  1. I make no claim to be affiliated with non-profit, non-governmental, IRS 501(c)(3) tax-exempt charitable organization Crime Stoppers USA 2.  "Crime Stoppers"-like  means "similar to or inspired by Crime Stoppers" it does not mean "liked by Crime Stoppers" 3. "Crime Stoppers organization" was used in reference to a CBS News article that references Crime Stoppers and include a phone number that I have researched and believe to be an authentic reference to   4. For more information, see   5. I am not a lawyer
(Must Read) Restrictions still exist which still defeats "The Free and Open Market"
So yesterday Rob-in-the-Hood announced that they were going to reinstate buying of our most held stocks $GME, $NOK, $AMC, and $BB. IMO, they said that to   sedate us   and soften the narrative of the market manipulation. The thing is that it   doesn't do Shit   for us because the   buying   is FUCKING   limited  (presumably)... Go on StockTwits, or twitter and check any of these stocks. You will find that a lot of people posting that their orders were denied or canceled. An even more concerning thing for me, is that on TD CommunistTrade(Ameritrade) they   disabled   my(and probably your) fucking   margin   on these stocks and I'm pretty sure that other brokers are doing that too. The most fucked up thing of all of this is that the FUCKING hedge funds   can now short all of our tickers on FUCKING MARGIN   and make a killing today while   we can only buy a small portion.   The same hedge funds which could short $GME 140%...   Now keep all of that in mind and think for a second, if with a press of a button they could disable or limit our buying power, they could easily take us out in the next $GME or $AMC with their unlimited shorting power.   If this market is not a free, fair and equal, market we won't stand a chance against them! Millions of OTM Calls(and potential shares) are going to get fucked tonight and they are going to cash on the premiums because they also won today! This is too fucked up it's just embarrassing to happen in a fucking "Free and open Market". We shouldn't just ask for reinstating our buying, we should also ask for equal chances with no limits on buying or margin power... Rob-in-the-hood is not the only ones doing this shit... So, don't just focus on them and forget all the other brokers who are also manipulating this market. One last thing, Please whenever you get limited or denied screenshot and post ASAP because we can't be silent about this shit.  Edit: Someone just reached out to me: Allegedly, right now on Robinthehood you can't buy more than 50 shares of NOK or BB if you are trying to buy them today...      (This is an opinion post. Don't treat any of whats written as financial advice or factual based. Treat it as an entertainment piece. One more thing, Fuck you SEC if you are looking at our posts and trying to get us while the big guy is stealing and Cheating every day openly in the market...)
WSB Clown meets GME Shorty
WE HOLD TILL THEY'RE BANKRUPT - Supposedly Current SI on GME/AMC -
Ok, so I'll preface it like this. I like the stock.  But really, hold GME. I'm hugely skeptical of all the information being put out. Shitron "will no longer publish “short reports”". Doesn't mean they won't stop shorting, just like every other Wall Street guy. Cramer saying sell.   IT'S ALL BULLSHIT    Now onto Short Interests. Hold your GME shares, it'll hurt all the way up for these fucks. Why you say?   Based on supposed data from S3 (I will continue to refer to everything as supposed, because it's getting insane to discern credible news anymore).   Link:    short interest is $ ;   shares shorted;   of Float;   S3 SI% Flt; 29% fee & easing. Shares shorted down   shares, worth $983 million,  , last week. Shorts down -$  in 2021 mark-to-market losses; down -$  on today's +70% move.     That's almost $8 Billion dollars boys and girls. If that continues, and shorts stay in (this is also approximate math), that means at $1k per GME it'll be at least $32B more compounded onto their loss porn.   (BETTER FUCKING SHOW THAT SHIT, I GET OFF TO IT)    Now onto AMC (same data sources)     short interest is $384M;   shares shorted;   of Float;   S3 SI% Flt;   fee. Shares shorted down -906K shares, worth $8 million,  , last week. Shorts down -$523M in 2021 mark-to-market losses; down -$211M on today's +55% move.   Only $211M on a 55% move... That means to reach gamestop levels of loss porn, the stock would have to practically need to hit 2000% gains at the moment (math here: $8b losses on gme divided by $211M losses on amc, multiply all this by 55% and you get 2000%, math is probably wrong but I'm autistic.)   That's why I see       for GME. Continue holding AMC, but I'm on the DFV train. I SELL WHEN HE SELLS.    EXTREME TL:DR:   You don't have to do anything but hold.     TL:DR:   I see GME as a bigger adventure (and war). Hold till hedge funds have to declare bankruptcy. All this current news is fluff to convince you to sell your tendies and make them money. They're still shorting because they think we're        bitches. BUT we're       .   etc for certain people watching: Only invest what you're willing to lose. I'm too dumb to be a professional trader. I like the stock.    __      EDIT:   People have asked about differences in numbers      It's claimed to be a real SI of 53%  Ripped directly from tweet: Question: Why is S3's   SI % Flt different than   is this taking into account the actual amount that is float that is owned by WSB that will continue to hold?  Answer: Our float number includes the "synthetic longs" that are created from short selling. This is an accurate calculation of the actual tradable liquidity in the market. shares shorted / (float + shares shorted)
RH GME Fuck UP, Accidental DIAMOND HAND
TLDR: Robinhood fucked up, and I accidentally diamond handed GME    To start, I am a paper handed bitch for selling. I won't apologize because I have my own priorities and needs, and this money is life changing as I have a cost basis in the $20s.  On Wednesday, I sold 204 of my GME shares on RH and received a confirmation that the order was filled. Because RH is a completely unreliable platform that has unclear policies and fucked over many retail investors, I decided Thursday morning to transfer all assets to my Fidelity account.  This morning, Friday, I woke up to find 204 shares of GME in my Fidelity account, and that the cash from the Wednesday sale was not included in the transfer. My RH account is also now deactivated.  I've contacted Fidelity and successfully confirmed the legitimacy of all of this and sent a note to RH to determine what happened. I am taking screenshots of everything to protect myself.   The good: I AM BACK WITH YOU ON THE WAY TO THE PROMISED LAND   🏼  🏼                                                                  The bad: I would have had no clue that my sale had not been completed had I not initiated an account transfer, and could have lost tens of thousands if GME fell after it pierced Pluto's rectum.  To my fellow WSB'ers, be fucking careful with RH. Screenshot your orders and positions. Apes strong together, but court cases are stronger with clear evidence. Protect your tendies, hold the fucking line, strap on your space helmet over your normal helmet, and see you at the edge of space and time.  Disclaimer: I am not a financial advisor and kindly go fuck yourself if you try to pin anything on me
CNBC Needs To Be Boycotted
The Prisoner's Dilemma
Yea I’m a retart (hurp durp), but we all know how the Monte Carlo simulations go: Hedgies are banking on us having to use our money/panic selling before their margins are called. Historically, waiting for the poors to sell one another out for pennies is a good bet. But we have something they don’t. We know how to take a loss.  I was a homeless kid back when they told us education and hard work would get you out of the hole, and recycling would save the ozone layer. So I took out loans to stay in school, and by the time I was 25, I was worth more dead than alive. By 30 I was an unfuckable loser. My whole life people who were born into wealth never let me forget how little I mattered.   This is all to say that I have nothing to live for, BUT THE HEDGIES DO. We don’t have to beat them, we just have to hold long enough to let the other rich assholes start looking at them funny. Yes they’re willing to break SEC rules, and suck each other off in after-hours, but what they really can’t stand is THE HEAT. THE CENSURE. THE CRITICISM…not from us, but from their rich buddies, who can’t help but smell weakness on them.   What do you think happens when Andy Left’s peepee goes soft in your wife’s mouth for the third time this week? They’re humans, just like us. Except they don’t know what cat food tastes like and they're scared to find out...  tldr: Hold The Fucking Door.  GME Call @ 285 1/29/21 (Yes CALL, singular, upward mobility was a lie)
That's the whole story apes
Why the Short Squeeze cannot go on forever
I have seen posts about short-sellers; why do they need to close their position?  Can't they hold out until the price goes down?  They can indeed do that, but they have to pay to borrow those shares, and I got curious, what ARE they paying to not close?  So I looked it up and thought I would share. I found this short FAQ on selling short shares providing rough calculations based on the current price of GME,     I found a rate of 32\~% on GME short Borrow Fee Rate, and I am lazy and assuming 60 million shares of being shorted every day.  60,000,000 shares X $300/share = $18 billion dollars are being borrowed for shorting.  $18 Billion \  32% / 360 days in year = $16 million dollars a day (trading day or not)  Roughly, they are losing $300 million a month! Also, the money that they have tied to margin on the short cannot be used elsewhere.  If they could have been making 5% somewhere else, they are effectively paying 37% to short GME stock.  So you say, "when will the squeeze happen?"  The better question is WHY the squeeze will happen.  At some point, these hedge funds are going to need that money for something else.  They are losing 300 million a month.  That is assuming the price does not go up.  If it goes up any more, they are losing more on interest (the amount they pay in interest is calculated daily).  The other problem for them is what happens when they cannot borrow shares anymore.  If I decide, I want to sell, and the brokerage has to get the stock back from the short-seller.  The short-seller has to go to the market and buy for whatever price is available.   In a way, as a stock owner, YOU CAN SET YOUR OWN PRICE.  If the liquidity in the market disappears, you can set your price to be $1000, AND THEY HAVE TO PAY IT TO GIVE YOUR STOCK BACK.  Holding the stock, you are squeezing hedge funds and market makers for as long as there is no liquidity for GME stock.
Fuck Elizabeth Warren
Any of you that Bought Calls on GME 1/29
Listen up you greedy greedy pigs. Im rolling in the mud with you.  Maybe you bought at a higher price and are down that's even better. This is for you too. I am going to  exercise them soon before 3pm. The hedge funds brought the price down to almost exactly max pain (for options expiring today) yesterday before forcing robinhood to sell shares on margin or not on margin Idk Im not a retard dealing with robinhood after their track record. Anyways why is that important to you?? The option market was out of control. It was driving this squeeze to start. They took yesterday to fix it. I want to get back. Going to exercise my options way before close and hold those shares. If they are not even able to supply shares for trading do you think they are holding 100% of options ITM? Lets find out. I may be sacrificing some premium, but this is a damn war and it requires some sacrifice. I see this as the only counter measure. It will help with the low volume. My share price will make up for it. Once again they expect me to wait for after hours to exercise. I will be exercising during market. I am exercising for the cause.  See you on the moon.  This is not financial advice.      GME  Edit: Also Brokers could possibly close ITM and OTM earlier than normal Idk. If you have ITM you must sell before market close if you dont have the CASH for trading to exercise. You will not be able to use the value of the option for purchasing the stock.
Fidelity Active Trader Pro
Sup retards. I've seen a lot of people switching to Fidelity and having complaints about their website as a trading platform. Shit like they have down time, or they don't give you enough tools. This is true, on their website. However, Fidelity, just like most brokerages, has a software that gives you great tools for losing your lunch money.  I'm talking about Fidelity  . It gives you access to a bunch of lines and shit that I don't understand but look really cool on my desktop. So go download it and stop bitching about the website not being optimized for trading.  GME 16 @ 220   NOK 26 @ 5
WE ALL DID IT! CITRON IS THROWING IN THE TOWEL ON SHORTS FOREVER!
$AG update, the journey is just beginning
GME - Shkreli Thoughts 1/29
I was away the last few days giving depositions to a different three-letter government agency--sorry about that. GME continues to be a Carollian experience. Through this looking-glass, there is a world where stock prices do not reflect the value of the underlying companies whose partial ownership is traded through common stock. To some, the market is, more or less, broken, for now. That's not a good or a bad thing. The market mechanism is not supposed to make an implicit judgment. There is information in price, but that information is difficult to divine and interpret. Markets aren't good, bad, rational or irrational: they just are.    When one group takes action in a market to alter the playing field, the market is not a pure market anymore. It's lost 'integrity' and loses more with every modification. This typically only happens in moments of crisis or technological change: countries ban short-selling, for instance; exchanges will unwind clear 'fat-finger' trades, etc; speed bumps may make the market more 'fair' for the technologically behind. We're learning more about how markets can have what appear to be 'unintended' consequences (flash crashes, GME-style reverse crashes), or can be 'gamed' (spoofing, quant as a whole), but we're back to square one: markets don't have feelings. The rules are simple: post your price, the amount, and the rest is order-matching. All of the rest are modifications against the spirit of the laws of the jungle.    So, like you, I'm disgusted by what happened the other day. My guess is the DTC and others required incremental collateral for clearing any GME trades--this required RH to raise capital. I actually don't think RH is to blame here! Every broker did the same thing, so there must be a root cause. I mentioned something like this may happen the other day, and I repeat my admonition to not trade on margin. I suspect GME long buying will require 100% margin at virtually any broker. Brokers have to protect themselves, but they can be influenced by the rest of the parties in their food chain, as we saw.    GME is still worthless compared to its current price. Keep that in mind. You're buying a flower, a baseball card, a beanie baby, a photocopy of a Picasso, all for prices that you know are a lot more--not just a lot more, but insanely more--than anything close to what it could be worth. Those are the facts: GME is just a shitty retailer that will struggle to survive, let alone become a business worth 20 or 30 billion dollars. All of the Ryan Cohen transformation stuff is BS relative to the price change. A good team may be able to turn around GME to the point where it is worth $40, MAYBE. It'll never be worth $300, or at least, the probability that GME operations could support a reasonable price like that is about as small as my odds of becoming a MLB starting pitcher.    That doesn't mean the stock can't go up. The world is conflating what a market is by trying to assign it implicit judgment. Traders have the right to buy and sell anything they'd like for any price that they'd like. One man's "bubble" is another man's "deep value." I bought a rap CD for millions of dollars. That's my right. Did I overpay? Well, that's really not a judgment anyone can make, is it? If I paid $10,000,000 for a baseball card which is well-known to trade for $5, then it seems clear I've overpaid, right?    No. Speculators buy assets for many reasons. Sometimes its because they're making a value judgment: this is WORTH more than my purchase price. But what does that imply? What is worth or value? Most speculators (I suppose you can define that as a buyer who has an explicit intention to sell at a later date, probably soon) buy things because they are confident they can sell at a higher price soon. The value judgment is secondary, and sometimes not relevant at all. Speculators are the animating spirit of the market. If you curb the ability for speculators to act, you have a farcical excuse of a market. But, you can't blame a clearing broker for saying, "what happens if your client can't clear this trade?". The stock just went from 300 to 150--what if your client is broke? To me, the simple answer there is to require 100% margin. Limiting the ability for someone to buy a stock for 100% margin (literally the cash to cover the trade is set aside) smells awful. I wouldn't bother with conspiracies--they won't help you trade well.    Many of you are brand new to the world of trading. I've traded my whole life--it is very, very hard. I am not very good at it, to be frank. I do think I'm a very good value investor, and in biotech, an extremely good binary-event trader. 99% of people, including in finance, are not good traders. 99% of people are not good 'value' investors, either. That doesn't mean you shouldn't want to become one or try. But it is inordinately difficult. There's nothing wrong with hobbies or 'side gigs', but I really think you should think about the market like a professional sport, or fighting/boxing league, where you are permitted to 'play with the pros'. It doesn't make too much sense to 'part time' fight Brock Lesnar or take LeBron 1-on-1. But this is what you're doing when you trade. Be careful.    For those newish to trading, here is my advice on some reading materials:  1) Market Wizards series. This is one of the best series on great investors/traders, which takes you into the mind of the successful trader, in their words. It's always by the same author (JS), too, who is very experienced and knowledgable.      2) Trading to Win by Ari Kiev. Read it. Probably the best book on the theory of trading ever written.      3) AVOID most books on trading. Unless there is a reason to read them that you can really digest, they're probably empty wastes of time at best, or at worse, could mislead you into some terrible strategy. You can't go wrong reading the books by or about people who have made fortunes in the market. But always take everything as a grain of salt. AVOID the opinions of others in general. This sounds self-referential, but will make a little bit more sense after reading 1/2.    When you read these books, you'll realize that my life of 'value investing' is basically irrelevant to the near-term of the stock market, especially in situations like GME or TSLA. GME will probably go down over time, as I mentioned, because it is wildly overvalued and, generally, wildly overvalued stocks tend to go down over time. That doesn't have to be true. That's why investors diversify and 'stop-loss' and do other things to protect themselves. You should do all of that, too. My style, and those of others, simply relate the price of something to the amount of cash it can generate. That's value investing in a nutshell, and it is what the entire industry of Private Equity (Blackstone, Apollo, Carlyle, etc.) is all about. Hedge Funds and Mutual Funds do a little of this as well, but to decide whether a stock will go up or down is this dark art called 'trading'. The "next" Steve Cohen might be being born right here, right now, in WallStreetBets. Who knows.    I still think GME will trade at 1,000. Why? I am guessing, like all of you, and every other trader out there. No one knows anything. As I mentioned, the borrow interest rate is what I think is important to watch. You're at a disadvantage to other traders in that respect: hedge funds can pull up that information through phone calls, contacts, etc. which you are hopeless to compete against. It doesn't mean they're going to make money and you won't. It's just something to think about. I like 1,000: it's a big round number that is meaningful in the psychology of the markets, to a very small extent. It may trade there for 5 seconds, or it may trade there and keep going higher. For some reason, I think the stock has a bit of "destiny" to go there. I may be 100% wrong. As I said, to the extent I have any skill at all, it's generally in being able to predict the value of stocks of companies (and other assets) many years from now, and in biopharma, if anywhere.     I hope everyone does well, and even is being entertained, by all of this. Just make sure that if you have a massive gain in GME, that you 'take something off the table'. Don't be greedy. Some of this money is life-changing. Even if it is 10% of your position, book some kind of gain. It will feel good. Be objective. Don't use margin--you may lose more than you can afford. I've been there. It sucks balls worse than you can imagine. Don't do it for GME, even if RH or anyone else lets you. Don't go too crazy with options, even if they let you. I hope you all are able to buy Wu-Tang albums, tendies, autism treatment and whatever else your hearts desire at the 'end' of this, whatever that means.    Good luck WSB, I love you!  (sent from martin, posted by mo)
Fuck it I’m in! Only 5 share but at $5000 per share that’s a nice pull!!!!
GameStop has flipped 1,619 companies by market cap this month
Real Talk GME
Listen you fucking retards. Take your adderall i want an opinion.  My sense is that GME was being massively shorted despite it being relatively healthy on the books because it's obviously doomed. They've had years to move into a new field and constantly failed. Look at Kongregate, they bought that and for years idled with it. Look at Miniclip vs Kongregate.   And what I wanted to ask you clowns is what would actually fix GME? My thoughts:  My drug induced best guess is Gamestop will become Redbox. In dummy words: Gamestop will shut down physical large stores and sell games from vending machines due to increased digital sales. Gamestop used to be the place dad would go to have some smart nerd tell him which game to buy the kid so dad can see his mistress Yulia more often. Now it's literally just a smelly box with games.  So why don't they buy Redbox or another company that has logistics and tech to distribute games everywhere. There's only a handful of MUST HAVE games in any given quarter. This is a no brainer. Where is my mistake? Not enough coke?     Other opportunities:    something related with real money & gambling   become a nerd-community center (esports, more merch)   not sure how they can ever compete in Mobile Games ?  Let me know your thoughts idiots     BUY AND HOLD
A Tard's Life
GameStop stock soars 100% at opening bell as short sellers face $19bn in losses – follow live -- BTW Jim Cramer is telling us to sell--but he's not giving investment advice
D I A M O N D   H A N D S
DON’T LISTEN TO LIES, SHORTS HAVEN’T EVEN BEGUN SELLING.
I like this stock...
Don’t buy the internet dog money (or at least if you do and get burnt don’t then allow that to shake your faith)
I can’t help but feel that whilst it was Elon Musk who started this new interest in the internet dog money, that it’s yet another useful outlet for money to flow into as oppose to the obvious.   I have seen this crazy plan for when it reaches $  that all holders will only sell 10%.   I suspect that a lot of people will sell a lot more than that and cause a rather steep and sudden drop, removing confidence, and, as the more cynical side of me suspects, the hope is that the people who see this and lose confidence will believe the same is likely to happen to our favourite stock.
Dr. StrangeDip (or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love The Bomb)
###Disclaimer: This is not financial advice. If you follow this advice, you’ll probably lose your money.  . I’m straight up lying and misinformed. This is satire. Don’t do this. Pay your obligations. Don’t bet what you can’t afford to lose, etc. etc.   Thesis:    r not fuk and then    are ultra fuk. 🦘🦘🦘🦘🦘       Hold on to your buttsacks. I think you noobs entered the market at the wrong fucking time.    I have a secret weapon. It’s called GEX. I’m not going to explain how it works. You don’t have the attention span anyway. Except it’s not a secret. Everyone with half a fucking clue knows about GEX. Go ahead and backtest it. Combine it with a few other signals. It’s my doomsday machine.   Brakes are cut, bitches. Rouge soldiers are in the air right now on their way to drop that liquidity bomb that we all thought was actually going to come from the Fed saying “interest rates too low imo” somewhere near 2025.   Well, that liquidity bomb damn near happened a couple times this week. There’s some pretty good DD floating around about that but I’ll let you go hunt for it.  If there are any bears even left, they’re spending their weekend rage splooging all over the Lambo catalogue because they know how close they came to being able to afford food again.   They’re not done, imo. The market is saying we’re pricing options in a way that expects a tremendous, earth-shattering move. But like I said, everyone with half a clue already knows about GEX and sees this too  and is getting ready for it .   Boom. Major bear market.   End of days all r fuk?  Yes. And then no.  Imo, this bomb is occurring in a market environment that has never been more ready to take it to the face and punch back. Money is cheap af right now. There’s liquidity upstream. Three Gorges Dam liquidity that’s ready to   But I don’t think they’re going to be able to smash the damn down quite fast enough. It’s entirely possible that they do; in that case, my thesis r fuk.  But if I am right, I think I might actually get a chance to do a March2020 do-over.   And this time, I’m not even going to worry about winning on the way down. I’m buying the fucking dip.   Positions   GME shares at 90ish average.   Scientific consumables and automation monthly-ish long plays.   Cash.
Russ Hanneman is one of us!
BLOOMBERG MARKETS LIVE: GME Isn’t Just Crazy, It’s Fishy
FUCK RH AND MARKET MANIPULATION
TD and Robinhood closing Calls @2!! Didn’t notify me until 2:04
Robinhood Market Manipulation: Not letting me exercise my GME contract that expires today
I'm doing my part!
Autismo Omega Chant
Be On Guard for Them To Flash Crash GME At 3:59 to Lower The Price.
We've observed how much they've manipulated markets.  Be on guard for them to try to flash crash GME at 3:59.  I recently read, that RH was restricting sales to 1 share and the UK broker turning off buys.  This seems to a tactic to silo off buys.  RH will likely turn off all buys soon.  I'm concerned that they may plan to flash crash it at 3:59pm.  If you've considered buying in, consider buying /setting a limit order at   3:45pm EST    So if you don't have a RH account, put in a limit order at 3:59pm to buy 1 or more share at a price you're comfortable with, if you want.  This will provide a huge bid wall in front of the them, in case the pummel the order flow with low asks.    Edit:  From Note1, I would argue that it would be better to set a limit order around 3:45pm in case they try to do a halt. see Note.      If this was informative. Tell 2 friends and tell them to tell 2 friends. pass it on.    Note:  "Just wanted to add to your post that   like yesterday they may try the flash crash 5 min before end. The volatility halt will kick in, (as it did yesterday at 15:59:41), so we had no chance of getting it up in those last 19 seconds.   If they are hovering 10%+ above 115, 150, 200 with ten min to go, we know that will be their plan -   and 15:50-15:54 will be crucial to get out of the 10% trap"       Disclaimer:  I'm not a financial advisor.  I'm just a retard.  Do what makes you feel comfortable
I don't care i lost them all. Buy everything I culd to fuck the hedge
JAN 29: UPDATED SHORT INTEREST
The shorts aren’t out. See   and really great through all of this.  They cheated yesterday and could only get down to 113% of float. The 53% refers to short interest including synthetic long shares which are created during shorting.  [EDIT: YOU TARDS ARE STUPIDER THAN I THOUGHT. SHARES SHORTED HAS DROPPED FROM  62M TO 58M.  THE SI % / FT INCLUDING SYNTHETIC FLOAT IS A CALCULATION TOO ADVANCED FOR YOUR SMOOTH BRAINS]  This explains all the short ladder attacks & sudden price drops bc they’re trying to rattle paper hands. The only way to lose is to sell.  Also, buy shares with cash (not on margin) based on what we saw yesterday. And a stop loss means you’ll be hunted. I personally have a number in my head that can’t be front run. Smooooooth brain moves. (:  Not a financial advisor. I just really like the stock. Long GME shares.
HOLD ON TO YOUR COCONUTS- AN ANALOGY OF GME BEAR RAIDS FOR IDIOTS 🌴 🥥 🥥
You live on and island with 11 coconuts (GME shares). No one likes them as much as you. There are 2 other douches, Melvie and his friend Hedgy.   Melvie promised the baddest motherfucker on the island he’d give him 14 coconuts (139% short interest).  I’m the meantime, you gathered up 10 coconuts into a bag. MELVIN wants your coconuts bad, or else that mean motherfucker he promised them to will bash his brains in, then throw half his body into a volcano and feed the other half to a shark.  So Melvin and Hedgy want to buy your coconuts from you. It cost you $1 a coconut to get them.   HERE’S THE BEAR RAID: So Melvin and Hedgy pass the one 🥥 they have back and forth and say “here, have this for 90 cents”, then “no you take it for 80 cents” all the way down to a penny. Then they turn to look at you, fear in their eyes and piss in their pants and say “see, these are only worth a penny”, praying desperately to whatever god they believe in that you’ll buy it.  ARE YOU BUYING THAT SHIT?     NO BECAUSE YOU AREN’T A SUCKER AND YOU HAVE DIAMOND HANDS. AND YOU KNOW YOU CAN CHARGE WHATEVER THE FUCK YOU WANT FOR THOSE THINGS OR ELSE MELVIE IS DONE FOR.    That’s the bear raid. That’s it. It’s the last price it traded for on low volume. Don’t believe it. It’s the only trick they have and it used to work, but not anymore now that millions of us can communicate and know what’s going on. They think we are so fucking stupid short interest is still over 100% today.  But You know for a fucking fact they have to deliver.   Shorting costs money. Margin interest isn’t free, and margin gets called and puts expire worthless. Holding your hairy coconuts is free. All you have to do is nothing and they will bleed money until they are forced to pay whatever you want, or they go bust.  Don’t sell your coconuts.
Hold Strong Fellow Slayers of Demons
IMPORTANT  WILL THE HEDGE FUNDS COVERING THEIR SHORTS, LIQUIDATE THEIR POSITIONS IN OTHER SECURITIES, CAUSING A MASSIVE FALL ACROSS OUR OTHER HOLDINGS?
I love this fight that you guys are in. I really do. However, when the hedge funds need to cover their short position in GME, will they liquidate their positions in other securities to do so, causing a massive fall in stocks across the board?  If you only hold GME, you are exempt from this thread. But this discussion is for the members here who hold both GME and other securities. What are you guys thinking about your positions in other securities at the moment?
Don't kill me, but it may be that Robinhood suspended trading more because of Dodd-frank regulations than because of Citadel.
Daily Discussion Thread for January 29, 2021 - Part thREEEEEE
Your daily trading discussion thread. Please keep the shitposting to a minimum.      Navigate WSB We Recommend Best Daily DD   :- :-     DD         Discussion         YOLO         Gain         Loss               Read the       and make sure other people follow them.    Try  , also accessible through the top bar.
It’s an honor to be part of this
Albeit a small part, but to take a stand like this vs the billionaire class who have enriched themselves so much off our backs, what an honor. Historical moment. Thank you my brothers and let’s hold the line!
Is there any way to know if there has been any investor exodus from Citron / Melvin / Etc?
Is there any recent published data reflecting whether or not the investors in hedge funds involved it GameStop have been liquidating their Investments in those funds over the last couple weeks?
Questions from a newcomer to r/WSB:
Hi, I just recently joined this subreddit and I have a few questions regarding stocks. If I happen to buy "popular" stocks (  GME), is it fine if I go for short-term profits or should I hold? Legally I can do whatever I want, but even though I have no personal vendetta against these predatory hedge funds (many of which were responsible for the 2008 crash, which I fortunately wasn't especially impacted by), am I in the wrong morally-speaking if I invest normally   buy low, sell high? I'm also new to investing and I'm wondering which stocks in particular I should look into in general.  With all of that said, I hold the greatest respect for all of you who pulled off this epic hedge fund financial takedown.
Are you guys getting ready for the next SLV short squeeze? This stuff is going to Andromeda 🌌!!
If so, how much have you put in SLV already?
What can I do to support GME as someone who’s never done stock?
Do I open a Robinhood account to buy and hold? Again, I’ve never dealt with stock before so I’m a bit concerned about risk
Just got an email from IG they are not allowing any new positions on on GME and AMC
I like this stock. (And hate this company.)
With all the positive sentiment around GameStop lately, I just wanted to take a moment to say...GameStop can eat a bag of dicks.  They don’t care about their employees. I worked at one for 5 years and got a raise of $  those 5 years. They tell you over and over “yeah you’ll get full-time and   while they give you more responsibilities and less compensation.  They don’t care about their customers either. They pay you pennies for your valuable stuff and sell it at an EXTREME profit. They push over-priced thinkgeek shit on you. You are nothing but $$$$$$$$ to them.     Their leaders have been more than content to ride this company into the ground over the last ten years. They get paid great and will find other executive jobs, they have no stake in the company.  They’re just as greedy and manipulative as the shorters and don’t deserve your business when this is all said and done. If you want to give back, go into your local stores and give to the employees directly.   They were perfectly happy to ride to bankruptcy. Remember when they were a laughing stock of the community? That was a for a good reason and nothing has changed.   This short could’ve presented itself in any other company and we’d all be just as hyped. GameStop isn’t special.   This autistic rant was brought to you by Best Buy gang.
Retail investors are being setup to take the fall
Wrote this as a comment initially, but thought it would be better as post:   While being in the zeitgeist is fun, I honestly don't see any good coming from the increased attention.  Wall St and the financial media are trying hard, and succeeding to a large extent, at making this about retail investors gambling to take down the GME shorts. Lost in the noise is the fact that hedge funds acted irresponsibly, with seemingly no risk management, to create the conditions necessary for this. Chamath mentioned it briefly on CNBC and they promptly tried their best to take down the video.  There's very likely a lot of big money long GME trying to squeeze out the shorts as well, with retail investors playing a very small role.  Citadel and Point72 used this to get a revenue sharing deal with Melvin Capital. Michael Burry, who went long on GME last year - arguably in part due to the short % - has been trying hard to distance himself from the situation and there's barely any mention of him in the media.  I think some hedge funds are going for the kill and retail investors - specifically this sub - are being setup to take the fall, in case this blows up the wider market.  EDIT - I'm not asking anyone to sell GME. The post is just about discussing the wider implications of what's happening as it relates to this sub.
This is a picture of GME and AMC 5 day chart side by side comparison.. almost the exact same
Wait... Can't they manipulate the price enough to make tons of options expire worthless?
Edit: I'm adding to my position from 3:55-3:59 because I LIKE THE STOCK.                                              Houston, I think we have a problem.  The closing price dictates opex. If they're manipulating the market, they could drop the price low enough to make tons of options expire worthless.  Volumes are stupidly low right now, people are still restricted from buying, and market makers have a ton of freedom... Hopefully not for long.                                          NO INVESTMENT ADVICE    This post is for informational purposes only and my personal curiosity, you should not construe any such information or other material as legal, tax, investment, financial, or other advice. Nothing contained in my post constitutes a solicitation, recommendation, endorsement, or offer by me or any third party service provider to buy or sell any securities or other financial instruments.  Nothing in this post constitutes professional and/or financial advice. You alone assume the sole responsibility of evaluating the merits and risks associated with the use of any information in this post before making any decisions based on such information or other Content.    INVESTMENT RISKS    There are risks associated with investing in securities. Investing in stocks, bonds, exchange traded funds, mutual funds, and money market funds involve risk of loss.  Loss of principal is possible. Some high risk investments may use leverage, which will accentuate gains & losses. Foreign investing involves special risks, including a greater volatility and political, economic and currency risks and differences in accounting methods.  A security’s or a firm’s past investment performance is not a guarantee or predictor of future investment performance.  Godspeed.
This money is life changing to me. I could have sold at any time and been set but these hedge funds deserve to burn. I’m holding if you all are.
GME Afternoon Pajama Party Megathread
HEY SEC - Here's your market manipulation. RH working to keep GME down.
Robinhood moved the goalposts yet again and started executing options an hour early!
Wealth SIMPle
ROBINHOOD HAS RESTRICTED $GME DOWN TO 1 SHARE! DO NOT SELL! YOU CANNOT BUY BACK IN!
WSB: Endgame: The Beginning: Part 1
We did it boys - we saved the movie theater industry from COVID so we can enjoy premieres together when it ends!   Has anyone else also missed the theater experience?
I want everyone to know that GME does not have to stay above 320 today
Please take a look at this link:     These are expiring options, highlighted in blue are ITM. All of these will be exercised today and shares sold to the contract holders. the 320 strike has a lot of volume, but there is even more volume at 200 and below. Hell, even closing above 115 is millions of shares that get exercised. Shorts need this to close below 60 to even have a chance, if we close above 200 we are crushing it. Don't believe people saying we need to keep this above 320, they are just trying to get you to sell!  TLDR: closing above 320 is perfect, 200 is excellent, 115 is great. HOLD  🤲 🤲 🤲 🤲 🤲 🤲 🤲 🤲 🤲 🤲  EDIT: since this is getting some views, I am going to add this. IF YOUR CONTRACT IS ITM RIGHT NOW, EXERCISE AND GRAB THOSE SHARES. The big boys are going to drop this thing for the rest of the day and be ready for fuckery at the end. Don't let the auto exercise happen or you might get screwed! This is not financial advice.  EDIT2: HOLY SHIT it actually happened.
Fk it I'M NOT FKING SELLING    this is personal now!!!
Thanks to margin I can go balls deep in GME and silver at the SAME TIME(: Smaller positions include pretty much anything you can find in the daily thread. Keep buying GME and hold! Boomer freakouts will drive my silver up so I can buy more GME
Honor to Diamond Hands.
THEY'VE GOT NO BULLETS
WSB DISCORD 500,000 MEMBERS!
From the WSB discord team, thank you all for the incredible support and behavior. DIAMOND HANDS       Most text chat is disabled for new members currently. Feel free to linger
If yall going so hard in on nok why is the volume so low
Next week, we come back full force in different brokerages that’s NOT Robinhood
We need more volume.  For those of you who got cut off from buying GME by Robinhood, I hope you all switched out yesterday and made a new brokerage account that won’t get corrupted by hedge funds (I use fidelity and experience no issues). Due to this restriction on rh, volume has been low. Next week, we need all of you to start using your new brokerage.   DO NOT BE INTIMIDATED BY TODAY. THE DAYS NOT OVER. THIS. ISNT. OVER  HOLD. DO NOT SELL.            Edit: Don’t transfer over shares. Just open up a new brokerage account and put in more buying power. Leave your existing shares in robinhood for now and ditch it after the short squeeze ends.
Trust the diamond hands. HOLD $GME
GME Support: Post your position, show your brothers and wife's bf that you are still holding
Yeah, I'm fucking late. And I'm down a little. There's no sell limit, there's no stop loss.   Show me that you are still in. Boost the morale of the soldiers. Show them that they aren't the only one's sweating, but that you both see the light at the end of the infinite money-glitching tunnel.   Hold strong.   Rocket emoji.   Switch to Fidelity, they let you buy however many you want.   Eat my ass gay bears.     Eat the bears' ass, Citadel/Vlad/Citron.
My dad's friend said that I'm going to crash the economy. I told him I'm going to pay off my truck and my credit card.
How Wall Street is working actively against you! #KEEPSQUEEZING
Billionaires have had a day and a half of new advantages afforded to them so far. Brokerage firms put stop to your ability to buy new positions on GME AMC NOK BB but allowed people to keep selling. They seem to be deflecting when asking why the option to sell was still available by making it seem as if it was the perk they allowed us to keep. In doing so many people sold and were unable to buy back causing the stocks to plummet. This was a fabricated demand shortage 📈 with which brokerages were allowed enough time to call on other multi-billion dollar institutions to help cover their positions.   Now things are at the point where it seems that on most if not all platforms you can only make limited purchases but still unlimited sales. This seems to be the same tactic from yesterday but on a smaller scale. It’s a fabricated demand shortage effectively slowing momentum. These brokerage firms have also begun limiting people’s instant deposit availability.  All of these tactics don’t amount to anything if people stay the course. Keep your eyes on the moon and beyond   🌕🪐👩‍    AMC GME NOK BB to the 🌕🪐 👩‍   I encourage you all to contribute any ideas you all have, make corrections, or outright disagree with me if you see fit. After   do I know, I’m just a retard with an opinion protected by the constitution  🏻‍♂️
Tom Sosnoff discusses what recent events mean for the market
Robinhood at it again!!
Oh Man, I wonder who has a major stake in Conde Nest / Ars Technica?
Contact other mods
I just got a ask Reddit post automatically removed because it was about WSB. Please if you find this happening reach out to the mods and explain that this is a movement not investment advice. I went into my position knowing full well I may lose every penny that I put into it. But it’s not about that it’s about fucking Melvin.   We need to find ways this weekend to make the movement bigger. You know that Melvin is having conference room meetings all weekend about how to stop us. THIS MIGHT BE THE MOST INFLUENTIAL THING SOME OF US EVER DO! FIGHT!!!
The Big Long Squoze
Update for you fellow retards still holding..
This week summed up in a photo
IMPORTANT POST ON BROKERS
WE CAN'T TRUST ROBINHOOD ANYMORE after yesterday. I heard some reports that the restrictions today are being tightend even more. We know they're colluding with Citadel.    Consider following tips when contemplating to switch:    • If you plan to switch but have $GME shares on Robinhood, DON'T TRANSFER (because it may freeze your stocks for an uncertain amount of time).  In this case HOLD on with RH and SIGN UP to other brokers when buying more shares (recommendations below).   • In all other cases, CASH OUT (of your insignificant positions) and TAKE the money with you    BTW CONSIDER REMOVING ALL  $   MIGHT GO HIGHER     RECOMMENDED BROKERS:    •   FIDELITY!!!!!!!!   (super quick and awesome + didn't sell us out yesterday)  You can literally set it up in 5 minutes and make an instant deposit   •SoFi (cool and simple interface)  •Vanguard   •TD Ameritrade (had issues yesterday but instant buying power)  • FEEL FREE TO ADD MORE IN THE COMMENTS   I urge someone to pin further information on brokers on this sub (I'm a Europoor 🇪🇺 from Germany so I'm not very exposed to American brokers beyond informing myself on their websites ).  Disclaimer: I'm not a financial advisor and this is not financial advise, I'm literally  .
GME and AMC are ON SALE
Lot's of people are down on both GME and AMC as well as the other meme stocks right now like BB. You don't lose money unless you sell. If you hold on it's gonna be hard, but everyone is doing the same besides the investment firms. They don't have anything to hold on to and they are currently gasping for air trying to bait people into selling. Our strength comes from our numbers and unification. Don't let anyone undermine your confidence, laugh at them and look down from the moon. The tendies are close enough to taste
URGENT - Be On Guard for Them To Flash Crash GME At 3:59 to Lower The Price
We've observed how much they've manipulated markets. Be on guard for them to try to flash crash GME at 3:59.  I recently read, that RH was restricting sales to 1 share and the UK broker turning off buys. This seems to a tactic to silo off buys.  RH will likely turn off all buys soon.  I'm concerned that they may plan to flash crash it at 3:59pm. If you've considered buying in, consider buying /setting a limit order at   3:45pm EST    So if you don't have a RH account, put in a limit order at 3:45pm to buy 1 or more share at a price you're comfortable with, if you want. This will provide a huge bid wall in front of the them, in case the pummel the order flow with low asks.    Edit: From Note1, I would argue that it would be better to set a limit order around 3:45pm in case they try to do a halt. see Note.      If this was informative. Tell 2 friends and tell them to tell 2 friends. pass it on.    Note:  "Just wanted to add to your post that   like yesterday they may try the flash crash 5 min before end. The volatility halt will kick in, (as it did yesterday at 15:59:41), so we had no chance of getting it up in those last 19 seconds.   If they are hovering 10%+ above 115, 150, 200 with ten min to go, we know that will be their plan -   and 15:50-15:54 will be crucial to get out of the 10% trap"    Disclaimer: I'm not a financial advisor. I'm just a retard. Do what makes you feel comfortable
In for   shares. Let’s ride baby
The GME anthem
Just a thought for those who cannot buy GME because too expensive, and if a Star can help.
Since GME has raise up to $300 most people cant afford few shares, instead they buy fractional shares. However RH and other broker fked them over last week. I’m asking if there is any reputable star (Meet Kevin, Grahnm, Linus, Mr beast etc) to creat a donation fund for GME for all those that want to donate to the cause. The gain or whatever comes out of it will goes to some charity or split between charity. $5 might not seem much, but if you pile everyone money together it can go a long way. Please tweet or PM these guys to see if they can help those.  What I just wrote just my thought, I’m not a financial advisor.    And I really like the stock.
Timothy B Lee is trying to scare you into selling. We gon' hold. But he did leave his email address in this article like a dummie
\ \ \  LOL trash writing btw but dude really got a brown nose for these billionaires and again, trying to scare you into selling. WE GON' HOLD. Because...
Fellow partial owners of GameStop, what are you buying your Wife’s Boyfriend for Valentine’s Day?
Recently my wife was able to leverage the fact that she is married to a partial owner of the company GameStop into upgrading to a new absolute Chad of a  boyfriend, and they seem to be really happy together.   As you all know being fellow partial owners of GameStop, there is no time for anything but staring at your computer screen lately, so I’ve been quite appreciative of the fact that he’s keeping the Old Lady content while I’m hard at work at my job.   Since Valentine’s Day is coming up and GameStop will be $2,000 + by then, I’d like to give him quite a nice gift to show my appreciation. Being the partial owner of 30 Billion dollar company really leaves the options for gift quite open, and I’m truly at a loss for what to get him.   What is everyone else planning on getting their wife’s boyfriends for Valentine’s Day?   Every other year I was only able to give my wife’s boyfriends half of my chicken tender so I’m not really sure what a good gift even is at this point.
$BB isn’t recovering today. I can’t fucking average down on RH. I’m holding hoping for a large miracle next week and going to make a drink now.
HOW TO BUY SHARES IN ROBINHOOD
Disclaimer: this ONLY applies to people with calls expiring today!  Go to your support section>trading>options>exercise>and have them call you to exercise your calls. The app would not let me exercise my otm 320 calls due to risk so I had to have them call me and do it for me. I know its retarded but I couldnt transfer funds out fast enough to purchase in my fidelity, td ameritrade, or webull accounts so this was my ONLY play. It WILL pay off because of you     badd ass MOTHERFUCKS!! Much love!!  Edit 1: Got accused of not actually doing this so heres a screen shot of my recent activity! Im RETARDED GUYS! I exercised at a share price of sub 300 and its already up to 320.. FUCK OFF ME MELVIN!!    Edit 2: I cant add pictures retroactively.. if someone knows how, let me know!!
REMEMBER: Today is not the end - Keep holding, do not sell today, if you like the stock
It has already been a rough week but it is not over yet. Short interest is still high, this is not the short squeeze yet, this is the gamma squeeze.  We are now facing a balrog, but he shall not pass! We have not yet reached Rohan, we have not reached Hellms Deep and the ones who sold still have to fulfill their oath by buying back in to go diamond hands.   Yes, there will be a   trying to hunt you down. But we cannot back down! This is our one chance to get the ring to Mordor and implode this whole system!  SO IF YOU LIKE THE STOCK, HOLD MR FRODO  IF YOU LIKE THE STOCK, HOLD SAMWISE, HOLD AND GET THOSE SWEET POTATOES
WE HAVE ALMOST WON OUR FIRST MAJOR BATTLE
AS MANY OF YOU KNOW THERE ARE CONTRACTS THAT EXPIRE TODAY AT   $115. THE HEDGE FUNDS WILL DO EVERYTHING THEY CAN TO TRY TO DRIVE THE STOCK DOWN TO THAT PRICE TO SAVE THEIR ASSES.    How are they going to do that because some of you retards still dont know? They are going to trade the stock in low volumes at rapid speeds to   MAKE IT SEEM LIKE THE STOCK IS LOSING VALUE  . BUT IT IS NOT LOSING VALUE. The volumes that the hedgefunds are trading at are a .000X% of gamestops overall volume. They want you to be scared and sell your stock so that they will win. DO NOT FUCKING SELL DO NOT LET THE HEDGES WIN. HOLD WE WILL MAKE HISTORY. HOLD AND WE WILL WIN. DO NOT SELL YOUR FUCKING SHARES. AND BUY THE DIP.  (THIS IS NOT FINANCIAL ADVICE, DO YOUR OWN RESEARCH, I JUST LIKE THE STOCK)  Edit - for those of you asking what you should do: don’t spend money you can’t afford to lose.
Robinhood conveniently sells my call for me out of no where right before AMC rises 15%. This is ridiculous and shouldn’t be allowed to happen.
We’ve overcome so much, good thing we can hold forever! GME
People doubting my game
Mod Gods. Time to relax and skim through achievements. WSB is #1 - Yo u/JohnnyCupcakes We made it !!!!
Dick Fuld - Lehman brothers CEO in 2007/08 talking about squeezing the shorts!!!. He would be jumping with joy now
Thanos’ GME shares can be pried from his cold, dead, diamond hands
Don’t know what mod gave this quote to Bloomberg... but I can get behind this message. Well done!
GME with AMC and BB overlay - Virtually Identical.
Forbes coomer calls short sellers HEROES
NOK AND BB ARE BEING MANIPULATED IN THE SAME WAY
SENS 34% short interest
I know everyone is focused on GME, AMC, NOK, BB and so forth. I’m in all of them and just added SENS to my portfolio. It is big player sitting at 34% short interest.   . It is trading near rock bottom and looking like it’s getting ready to take off. There has been a massive increase in open interest and option call volume over the last week and technicals look primed for lift off   Technical analysis:    Technicals look great as well. This could be a high probability chance of 10X your money.
If He’s not in I’m still in!  🤛
DFV has been in for a while. If he chooses to get out of his position to enjoy beautiful reward then he has all the rights to. But I doubt a diamond hand god like him would ever fully get out.   Now the institutions are getting worried. The game is just starting. 300 is the new $2.   I am signing up for fidelity and getting out of Robinhood. Although will hold the GME shares on Robinhood.   My price target is 50k and I will only sell the first half at that price.
They’re not surrendering. We like the stonks ! We like the stonks. We will make them pay, we will teach them a lesson. Hold your position boiiiiiiii I’m here with you. It’s not about money, we make they pay for 2008.
There can't be another GME - Michael Burry
There can't be another GME. Just look at the short interest. There's still not enough volume for the shorts to have covered. Also, the calls that are in the money will have to have shares bought from the market today, monday or tuesday so we're in for a good ride.  Think the shorts are realising they're fucked and are covering.  This is just speculation but I think I'm fucking good   . Godspeed to buyers, sellers and holders wherever you are. Don't feel pressured to hold or sell.  I LIKE THE STONK.  I also like the movie 300.
I will survive (8000>35000>800>33000) also BYE ROBINHOOD (still holding shares at vanguard)
WSB: Endgame: The Beginning: Part 2: Initial Doubt
AMD DD / Stock Analysis     [Technical, Fundamental & DCF] & $AMD Stock Forecast [Short & Long Term]
In this post we are going to go through an in-depth analysis of AMD , we are going to take a look at their fundamental value, their DCF, do a little technical analysis and set some price targets for the near future and for the long term      \~Very Long Post\~    Hello everyone! Let’s start by talking a little about   while also offering products for professional use like data centers.  The company was founded more than 50 years ago and have more than 11K employees, with the company overperforming recently as they have seen a more than 80% rise in the last year.  So, guys, let’s go a little through the 4th quarter & yearly   for AMD. The company reported a revenue of $  in the 4th quarter, with a 53% growth since last year, while for the full year they earned almost $10B as they more than doubled they quarterly and full year net income, which resulted in a $  earnings/share for the year.  The   has 2 major income segments in Computing & Graphics which brought in sales of over $  for the year and an operating income of $  and the Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment which brought in $  in revenues and almost $400M in operating income. They also provide an additional segment that doesn’t bring in any revenues but which represents costs that can’t be associated with any of the other 2 segments, but also includes stock-based compensations and acquisitions related costs.  Both of these 2   have seen huge increases in the past year with operating income doubling for the computing & graphics segment and increasing by almost 50% for the EEC segment.      their income with $312M in depreciation & amortizations. Both of these numbers have increased by 40 to 50% in the past years and will be important in the DCF valuation.   They have also managed to increase the gross profit margin to 45%, up 2% from 2019 as their earnings before interest & tax or   stood at $   The company has seen a continued earnings per share   in Q1 & Q2 before things started to pick up back again, as they finished with a huge increase overall in the 4th quarter.    Their product   has become a great challenge to Intel’s market share and is continuing to evolve, as Intel is still struggling to regain momentum with their products.     announced the world’s best processors for laptop and an enterprise variant that is expected to be available in the first half of 2021.  They have also launched the fastest   with big companies like Amazon on their AWS cloud offerings & Microsoft Azure which are planning to use their upcoming 3rd generation EPYC processors.  AMD is also involved in supercomputers which indicates that they are continuing to innovate and develop products that will be in high demand for the foreseeable future   The one big thing that can propel AMD even more in the future is the proposed acquisition or more rather merger with   are targeting an all-stock transaction which will have implications on my projections, but as time has gone, the $35B price tag is only a 10% premium for Xilinx. The one hurdle the companies have to pass is the regulatory procedures. We will have to wait and see if the deal goes through or not, as it’s expected the deal should be finished by the end of the year, with AMD shareholders retaining 74% of the new group shares and Xilinx holding the remaining 26%.  AMD also offered great   an effective tax rate for next year of 15%, well belove the 21% US corporate tax rate.  I have made some predictions based on the growth rate of the company, the latest plans announced by them and used some estimates and expectations. So, keep in mind this are only projections and are calculated by myself, this is not an investment advice and you should do your own research and so on…  So, let’s start with the Unleveraged discounted free cash flow   to see what the current valuation of the company is.     I used their total revenues projections that we will discuss later on in the long-term projection and the net income for 2020 to which I added back the Depreciation & Amortization costs they had in 2020 and got to a $  EBITDA.   For the next years I used 1% increase in EBIT margin which I think they can achieve pretty easy and an increase in capex of 10%/year in order to maintain an increased production capacity while also applying a 15% decrease in their net working capital.  So, for an 8% discount rate, which is pretty much the Average SP500 return, we get a $  Discounted Free Cash Flow by 2025.  Now there are 2 methods of doing the valuation, either the perpetuity method or the EBITDA multiple method, but for both of them we do have to subtract or add the net assets or debt, which in this case stands $  in assets. I personally think a use of the average is better suited for most companies, though some of the companies trade largely on the EBITDA approach and other on the growth approach.   If we use the growth approach, we can see that AMD is pretty fairly valued right now, as this implies a loss of 2%, while on the other hand the EBITDA multiple approach gives us a valuation of over $112, meaning an almost 30% undervaluation of the company. But as I said, I think a use of the average is best, so, my current price target for AMD in 2021 is $ , implying a   return from the last price.  And now let’s move on to a longer-term valuation of the company based on the growth projections I have for AMD.     For my   I actually just used their full year results and implied different growth rates for each revenue stream. I think we can continue to see 50% growth rate in the EEC segment for 2021 and then implying a gradual slowing of their growth, while for the Computing & Graphics segment I implied a 35% growth, way lower than the over 100% they saw in 2020, also implying a gradual slowdown of the trend by 2025.  I think these growth implications are pretty reasonable giving the high   the company has seen for their entire product line, especially as gaming revenues have continued to increase, and also taking into account the need for their products in data centers, cloud usage & digital currency mining.  For their cost of  , I started from the current ones which stand at 80% for the Computing & Graphics segment and implied a 1% improvement each year, while for the EEC segment I started from the 88% expense margin right now and implied a gradual 2% improvement. I also maintained their other expense regarding to the cost of sales to 3% of their total revenues, in-line with the previous years.  This means for   the interest & other expenses for which I implied a 5% annual growth, thus leading us to a $  in earnings before tax.   I   their 15% effective tax rate projections and also diluted their shares by 1% each year accounting for some dilution in the stock.  So, for the $  in 2025 revenues after tax and accounting for   shares, that would mean a $  earnings/share, meaning the   is trading at 20 times forward price to earnings for 2025.  I like to base my future projections on Forward/PE valuations so, with the current projected PE and depending on what PE you assume for the stock between 25 and 40, the stock can trade between $105 and almost $168.        So, after all these estimates what are my price targets?   are my actual price targets      I think the 2025 bear case price we can see AMD trade at is $115 which would imply a return of almost 33% , while my base case and my pretty safe assumption is that AMD will trade at 137$/share by the end of 2025, implying a 57% return on the current price. But my most bullish case would see the company trading at $158, which would imply a return of over 81%. So yeah guys,   are my Overall price targets for 2025, my bear case is an average of the 25 & 30 PE ratio, while the normal case is the average between the 30 and 35 PE’s with the most bullish case valuing the company between a PE of 35-40.   So   is the full spreadsheet that I have projected for AMD by 2025, if you do have another opinion or a suggestion please leave a comment down below, I think I have been conservative in most of my projections, but feel free to give your opinion.  I think these are pretty reasonable  , as the semiconductors industry will keep on booming in the next decade, as the world will need more & more chips that also keep advancing in technology.   The company also has very good  , with almost $9B in assets vs just $  in total liabilities, which can be easily paid by just the current assets.  And let’s also take a look at what the estimates are from the  . We can only see EPS estimates until 2023 of $ , which I think is safe to say can grow an additional dollar by 2025, so my projections are pretty in-line with what other experts anticipate.  So, what do I expect in the next couple of days, weeks and months for AMD?  Let’s look at this   also announced a change in their leadership, as they brought in the WMWare CEO Gelsinger, but it’s very hard to see him turn around Intel in a very short time. Intel will need some years & a lot of capital expenditure to turn things around, if they do manage to do it at all.   AMD hasn’t been overbought since August, and currently has an RSI near 41, which is pretty oversold for a good company, so I expect to see them regaining some momentum in the near-term, but I guess the market is very busy with the current short-squeezes. AMD will se a lot of resistance breaking through the $100 level, not because of something fundamental with the company, but I guess it’s a psychological resistance rather.  And let’s take a quick look at what 24   on Wall Street are saying. They mostly have a buy call on the company with an average price target of $100 and a high price target of $135. So, I think the analyst are pretty spot on with AMD, but my PT are slightly lower as it’s always better to undershoot and overperform rather than the other way around.  So, what would I do? Well, I own AMD stock and I believe it still has plenty of room to grow, so I would start building a position right now and add on any weakness, and I would especially buy more if the stock drops even lower than 80$.     One last thing to mention about AMD is that they also have a very big % of their   held by institutions, with over 74% of the float being held by big funds like Vanguard & Blackrock which does significantly reduce the sell-off possibilities.  So, this are my projections and my expectations for the company, I think   has been booming in the past 5 years, growing more than twice as much as Nvidia and crushing the SP500 and Intel’s performance.    Thank you everyone for reading🙏 Hope you enjoyed the content! Be sure to leave a comment down below with your opinion on the stock market! Have a great day and see you next time❗
Found a noble warrior holding the line. HOLD!!!!
How to Buy GME Above Broker Limits
How to Buy GME etc [Loophole]  Robinhood and other shitty brokerages are allowing us to buy 2, 5, or very low numbers of GME. However, they are allowing option contracts.  Here’s a trick that will work.  1) Go to Feb 5 option. 2) Scroll all the way down the call list 3) Buy GME call option with the cheapest   4) Immediately exercise.  I just exercised 2 contracts and now have 200 shares, blocking the shorts. You can repeat this process over and over if you are buying a lot.  Best of luck out there! Let’s get them!!!    If you can afford 100 shares but can’t afford the risk, you can sell (heh...) some shares after you exercise and take risk off the table.  _This is NOT financial advice and is for informational purposes ONLY. You can lose 100% of anything you invest._  EDIT:  1) This works for pretty much any stock.  2) There’s a catch. You need enough money (please don’t use margin) to cover 100 shares. The way exercising works is you pay for the 100 shares at the strike price.  Example:  - $GME is $300 - The 2/5 $50c is $250 so it costs $25,000 - Cost to exercise would be $50 x 100 ($5000). - Total cost: $30,000 (same as buying 100 shares)  You could then sell shares at open market and de-risk if you like and hold the remainder.
Robinhood is A Crucial Element In This Battle. Don’t Let Them Off The Hook.
Why? Because it’s the platform that the majority of people use to trade GME. In my earlier post I explained the psychology of why the additional steps needed to find a new broker is unattractive to most new investors. By making it harder to buy shares, less people will go out of their way to buy them.   Retail investing is strong because of Robinhood, it’s the ease and simplicity that attracts people. The familiarity and social proof from seeing screenshot after screen shot helps too. Names like Fidelity and Vanguard are slightly more intimidating and perceivably more “complex” when in actuality, they are not (although the UI less beginner friendly imo).  Just moments ago I noticed Robinhood switched the 5 shares limit down to 1. Meaning if you own more than 1 share of GME you cannot buy anymore thus continuing to remove buying pressure.   If Robinhood were to remove all buying restrictions it would enable millions of potential pent up buyers who are simply too, for lack of a better word, lazy to switch brokers. The volume has been much lower since RH’s buying restrictions, 170m+ every day from 1/22-1/26, while today less than 40m so far.  We seemed to have let RH off the hook after their announcement stating that buying is turned back on when in fact, it is not, well, unless you have 0 shares, you can buy 1… for now.     We need to continue to fight to get the buying restrictions on Robinhood lifted.   Sure you can yell at people to switch brokers but I don’t think it will have nearly as big an impact as getting the restriction lifted on RH.  Even with the heavy selling pressures, the hold is strong which is incredible, I am still holding too. Until the restriction is lifted, if you have a great broker that is reliable and easy to use, please drop it in the comments below for people to see! I use TD Ameritrade.
SENS 34% short interest
I know everyone is focused on GME, AMC, NOK, BB and so forth. I’m in all of them and just added SENS to my portfolio. It is big player sitting at 34% short interest.   . It is trading near rock bottom and looking like it’s getting ready to take off. There has been a massive increase in open interest and option call volume over the last week and technicals look primed for lift off   Technical analysis:    Technicals look great as well. This could be a high probability chance of 10X your money.
The volume of GME has plummeted the past few days. Buying and holding is working
Robinhood not letting you buy more than 1 share? Here's an alternative.
Shares are not the only way to put pressure on short sellers, you can also buy calls! Of course it is riskier and have a greater chance of losing money but is better than nothing. You can also buy ITM calls and exercise them but calculate the difference first to know the amount of loss/profit first before you do.     Remember holding through today is important! HOLD YOUR POSITIONS.    This is not a financial advice.  GME 1000 & AMC 100 By next week.
Where’s our $40 gift card??
Google Play Store about the Robinhood Ratings. Avoided directly saying they are 'hiding reviews,' but confirmed they are looking at the reviews and monitoring the situation to see if they need to remove the app.
I ain’t fucking selling till I see 7 digits   🏻 GME to the
WSB 1 MEL 0
YOLO’d $320,000 buying 10 ITM CALL OPTIONS THIS MORNING - (1000 shares will be exercising Monday)
How to Buy GME Above Broker Limits - u/adioking credit
Not my post, credit to u/adioking (   How to Buy GME etc \[Loophole\]  Robinhood and other shitty brokerages are allowing us to buy 2, 5, or very low numbers of GME. However, they are allowing option contracts.  Here’s a trick that will work.  1. Go to Feb 5 option. 2. Scroll all the way down the call list 3. Buy GME call option with the cheapest   4. Immediately exercise.  I just exercised 2 contracts and now have 200 shares, blocking the shorts. You can repeat this process over and over if you are buying a lot.  Best of luck out there! Let’s get them!!! TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE!!!! HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD  FULL CREDIT TO THE MADLAD AUTIST u/adioking
How to buy GME in Europe?
Guys, any suggestions for a reliable app (NOT talking to you Robinhood) to use to buy GME within Europe?     I am a long-time   investor but this is the first I will buy any stock. I want to be a part of history.      A bright part of history in which the small guys fought the system and became heroes.      Don't care if I lose it all, it's all about doing what is right.     Best,   HodlerStyle
To the newcomers who think they are on some kind of crusade
Just a reminder as the GME squeeze starts winding down and WSB begins to return to normal.  For some reason the media has been presenting this like we are 'targeting' wall street on some sort of holier than thou crusade reversal of fortune thing. Guess what. We aren't. We would also be more than happy to take jobs at any fund you can name. We just like the stock. Our goals around here include buying blow and hookers. Maybe the occasional boat or private jet. Think the wolf of wall street, those are our aspirations.    If retail had shorted 220% of GME's float we would be squeezing them just as hard    Sure, its funny to take down some stuck up fund managers, but thats a side bonus. We make fun of Citron because Andrew Left got his wife stolen by a green energy billionaire, we make fun of Melvin cuz they tried to short a meme stock.  We have shorted plenty of stocks. Nobody cares. Last year we all made a killing riding the markets down while the normies lost their jobs and lived off stimmy checks. We ride the trends in whichever direction they point. The markets are a zero sum game. Welcome to the club.  But anyways, we owe you a thank you I suppose. Without you getting super jazzed for the 'revolution' we would have never had the capital to squeeze like we did. You may hate millionaires but you certainly made a ton of new ones this week.     Edit: It's important to note that WE LIKE THE STOCK  Edit 2: I'm having a lot of fun watching the upvote war between the r/all crowd and people who have been here longer than 2 weeks
Dear Fidelity, please invest in some engineers and UX designers
Your customer service and reliability is impeccable and clearly the diamond  standard compared to others in the industry. That is why others here, including myself, have recommended Fidelity as the place to go after all the shenanigans your competitors have been doing this week.   With the billions in new assets and wealth that you will manage in the coming weeks from new accounts and account transfers, please use some of the revenue gained to invest in decent site/app engineers and UX designers up to modern standards. I absolutely hate having to log into fidelity on browser to access certain things that are not available in the mobile app. Please also make a native app version of Active Trader Pro for macOS that doesn't lag and eat up 50% cpu just to run it.  Positions: 1k shares GME  Edit: obligatory
NEVER SEEN 4 DIGITS IN MY ACCOUNT BEFORE! I’m a small trader, started back in November and lost a lot.. GME has given me another chance!!   🏼 GME SO WE ALL WILL HAVE LIFE CHANGING TENDIES   HOLD.
PETITION TO GET /U/DEEPFUCKINGVALUE ON THE $GME BOARD
Guys,  I'm not sure if any of you noticed, but we seem to have started a thing here.  We should take a longer term approach to how we'll manage THE STOCK THAT WE LIKE going forward we should look at how to leverage the existing position the sub has.  How do we do that?  We need board member(s) who represent us.  The 2020 $GME annual meeting was for shareholders as of April 20, 2020 so we need to make it to there which should be easy because, as a many of stated WE LIKE THE STOCK and WE'RE NOT SELLING.  Board seats are elected at the annual meeting IIRC.  All this to say that WSB should demand that /u/Deepfuckingvalue should be offered a board seat knowing he will have the full backing of the subreddit.  Here's some shit about  .  Perhaps someone who's smarter than me can elaborate on the benefits having a board member on our side would mean and how it could be done because I have no idea.
Been in since 11 but decided to sell everything and yolo gme cause I like this stock a lot.
Let's debunk a few things about this situation with Gamestop and Melvin Capital because this is getting ridiculous!
Hi,  I want to preface this by saying that this is not financial advice and this is purely for entertainment and informational purposes only. I have no position on Gamestop stock at the moment and no position on the other very volatile stocks either.  I realize that this is a long post that very few people will read so   if you don't want to read all this, at least read the next paragraph :      TL;DR   :  Gamestop is very risky and most probably much riskier than you can imagine as the stock price can go back to 10 or 20 in just a day or 2. The price does not reflect the fundamentals and if suddendly people realize that they can't sell the stock at a higher price as they hope they could, nothing will justify those high prices and the stock price will collapse very quickly. (See Wirecard chart to see what I'm talking about). A lot of you accept those risks the same way a lot of you accepted the risks of investing in bit###n or any scam related to it : you're ok with it only because it's going up and will cry about it as soon as it's going down. And for the novices here, I don't think you fully grasp how insane this is right now as you have no frame of references : you see stocks skyrocketting and think that this pretty rare and I'm here to tell you that it's never happened since the dot-com bubble and i don't know if you remember but this shit didn't end well (even for good tech companies).   Another thing : English is not my native language so sometimes I'm going to express myself poorly and I apologize for it.  Now, I want to debunk a few things about Gamestop and Melvin Capital :   # 1. They will have to buy at $10 000 no matter what.  False. If they have the choice between waiting (and paying interest for borrowing the stock) even for years they'll do it as it's much MUCH cheaper than buying back the stock at $10 000 or any price above $400 (that I chose completely arbitrarely). As this is (in some way) unprecedented, they will have more help from banks and other hedge funds to help them keep their positions longer until this whole situation calms itself down to prevent them from selling at a completely absurd price.  # 2. They will go bankrupt as a result of this.  Nope. They got bailed out by some hedge funds and they will get bailed out by others in the future.  To prove my point, I'm going to take the case of Long Term Capital Management (LTCM for short) that was in a similar situation :  - At first, they had a good strategy : they had a bunch of arbitrage that nobody really thought of and they got really great returns (they averaged 40% annually).  - Then, other hedge funds copied their strategy and the opportunities got smaller and smaller, so LTCM decided to put riskier and riskier bets. Those bets were very big positions on very illiquid markets therefore if the trade were going badly, they were losing a lot of money and to add insult to injury, since it's in illiquid markets, they would have a very hard time to get out of their positions.  - One day, a bunch of those highly leveraged positions were going down big time and LTCM could not handle it. They sold a bunch of them at highly unfavorable prices but they couldn't liquidate their positions completely.  - Then, banks, hedge funds and the fucking federal reserve decided to bail them out to prevent a major financial crisis. They gave them billions of dollars, split their positions and therefore the losses as well.  - The hedge fund did not go bankrupt and it stayed alive for a while but then they stopped completely as their creditors got paid back.  If I'm telling you that long ass story, it's because it's really similar to what's happening with Melvin Capital :   - They had a good strategy at first : shorting companies that are slowly going out of business. - Then got into riskier and riskier plays : added more into their plays in hope to manipulate the price forcing the companies that they shorted to go bankrupt. - One play went badly. - Now they're being bailed out by a few banks and this is going to happen even more until this situation stops.  Now there are a 2 differences here :  - First, the positions that LTCM had had no chance of recovering and the price was going to be like that if not lower for a long time. In the case of Melvin, the price of GME will not stay at $10 000 and probably not even $500 for very long. - And second, this is a much smaller position compared to what LTCM had back then. They had $  billions of dollars in losses on highly leveraged plays, Melvin Capital doesn't have that much even with a $1000 stock price.  So what will happen in my opinion?  Melvin Capital will keep their positions as long as they have to. If the price doesn't go down, the government will probably force some stock holders or the company itself to sell the stock at a reasonable price to help them out.  # 3. This is like the 2008 crisis.  Like wtf??!   This is nowhere near like the 08 crisis. Like what are you smoking??!  The CDS (the products that they bought back then) were literally worthless and could NEVER recover. A lot of people defaulted their loan and therefore those loans could NEVER recover. The banks were leveraged 30x meaning that for every million dollars worth of defaulted loans, their losses were at 30 million dollars.  Also, the sums for the 08 crisis was much MUCH bigger than the 10 billion dollars that the company is worth right now.  Also, in the case of the 08 crisis, a lot of those products got exchanged around the world and made it a worldwide crisis.  Finally, if you think this is like that, then remember that the government bailed them out with the taxpayer's money and a lot of banks and hedge funds actually MADE MONEY from this crisis. And some banks sold those worthless products to some of their clients that lost all of their 401K.  # 4. They will have to buy it back from us.  False, I've already debunked this : they will probably ask the company to sell it at a "fair" price whatever that means.  But to expand on that, I want to talk about the greater fool theory as this is probably the best example of this right now.  From Investopedia :  >The greater fool theory states that it is possible to make money by buying securities, whether or not they are overvalued, by selling them for a profit at a later date. This is because there will always be someone (  a bigger or greater fool) who is willing to pay a higher price.  This is obviously happening right now as some of you bought the stock at $11 and sold at $20, some bought it at this price and sold it at $100 and so on.. and some of you bought it early and kept it this whole time hoping to sell it at a much higher price.   This strategy only works if you're able to sell your security at the "greater fool" or in other terms, someone that is willing to pay it at a higher price.  Right now it works because everybody is hoping that the hedge funds (and mostly Melvin) will be the greater fools but they have much MUCH more ressources to go through before buying it at these ridiculous prices : manipulating the market to scare the retailers, halting the trading for the stock, preventing the retailers from buying the stock, getting bailed out by other banks, the government or the federal reserve. So i can GUARANTEE you that they will not be buying at those prices.  # 5. Shorting is criminal and should be illegal.  That's going to be short (no pun intended) : No. Shorting is a good strategy when you have a shitty company that will probably go out of business. Tell that to the ones that shorted Enron, Wirecard, or bought all those CDS (essentially shorting the housing market).  What should be prevented is abusing your shorting position to put pressure on a company and forcing them to bankruptcy as they were doing to Gamestop.   If you shorted Blockbuster, Hertz, Kodak, and many others, it wasn't criminal, it was profiting off of a dying business. If you think this is horrible to do : this is debatable but also you're basically doing the same thing by trying to squeeze them out of their positions.  # 6. The class action lawsuit will result in Robinhood going out of business. Robinhood will say that they halted buying the stock to protect their clients as this is a very volatile stock and they were not professionals. Also, they were issues with the clearing of the trades making it impossible for them to execute all those trades without impacting the trading of the rest of the securities.  Also, in the Customer Agreement, section 5-J : > I understand that Robinhood may discontinue My Account and any services related to My Account immediately by providing written notice to Me.  Also, they could just lie and make bullshit claims and will get away with this because their clearing house is fucking Citadel and Citadel is pretty fucking powerful in the financial system.  # 6-bis : People leaving Robinhood will result in Robinood going out of business. Most people will not leave Robinhood.   There were countless examples of pretty fucked up things that they've done and people still use it to this day. Quote from a comment that I've made a few days ago :  > After GUH moment, countless outages during very volatile moments, them using fucking Citadel (you know, the ones that gave money to Melvin to let them live a bit longer) to clear your trades, them not giving you the correct bid/ask data, the app being full of bugs, and them having a better mobile app than website, and [people] still use it??!  If after all this and way more, people still use it, people will still use it even after that because it's fun to play around in their app and now those retail traders are used to the app.  # 7. This is unprecedented, so nobody can really predict what will happen. False, a lot of those things happened before, so this situation is not precedented but the MAGNITUDE of the situation is. You could definitely predict them preventing people from buying as they're scummy af, you could predict banks to bail them out (and even more in a few days) as this has happened before with LTCM. You can predict that they will not suffer the consequences because in all scandals they never fucking do as they're so important to our system and them going out of business will collapse the whole financial system.   So here are the things that can happen :  - Gamestop is forced to sell their stock at a "fair" price. If they refuse, the government will threaten them with legal consequences like market manipulation or some bullshit like that (don't need to be right, just need to scare them with big consequences). - Hedge funds will give their positions to banks and banks will sell them to customers (just like in the 08 crisis). - They will be bailed out to prevent a big financial meltdown. Then, as people will realize that they will never close their position at the high price that they hoped they would, they suddendly sell their shares and the price of the stock will collapse. The hedge funds buy back the stock at a low price. They make money in the process and a lot of retails lose their life savings.  In fine, my point is that if you want to hurt them, you're hurting them a lot right now with your newfound power. But don't think for a second that this will result in them going bankrupt or any big consequences for them. This will result, as always, with them making a lot of money (or at the very least recouping their losses) and the retail investors losing all their money.  Thanks for going to my ted talk.
Robinhood won't let me buy!!!! I only have one share.
In Defiance Of Gravity: What's A Short Squeeze And Why Do They Happen?
League of Legends is with us! [Satire] REPORT: Due to a highly volatile win rate, every player is currently limited to 3 Swain games a day.
The   buttrape express departs next week. Pack enough viagra and cocaine for the after party on Mars.
Trying to buy more but RH won’t let me.
Losses on short positions in   firms top $70 billion
Have you stopped to consider why Fidelity and Vanguard didn't block trading on Thursday?
Vanguard and Fidelity (combined with Blackrock) own   of all GME shares. Make no mistake, they refused to block it not because they are "the good guys". They did not block it because they like money and they'd like to see their competition go under.  Make no mistake - if there is in fact collusion going on behind the scenes, you can be certain that Citadel and the others are doing everything in their power to get these 3 "good guys" to help them out.  Be careful retards.   of shares is plenty of ammo to move markets against us.     Edit: By no means am I saying to sell. Hold the fucking line       If you like the stock
LISTEN UP RETARDS - ONLY 50% OF ALL ROBINHOOD USERS OWN GME. THAT MEANS THERE’S 100% MORE DIAMOND HANDS TO BE MADE OUT IN THE WILD
We have to get an emergency injunction from a court to stop this artificial bottlenecking of volume.
We all know the market we’ve seen today is due solely to the market manipulation enacted by Robinhood and many similar middlemen. There absolutely has to be legal consequences for this. I’m confident there will be. However, that does nothing for us in the meantime.  Call your elected officials. Email them. Tweet blast every ally we have. Call them, too. Message them on Facebook. Blow up the SEC’s inbox.  We need  immediate  emergency relief from the crimes that are still being committed against us, not just a promise of an investigation that  might  happen at some point in the future. It wasn’t a one-time fluke. It’s ongoing, and we have to do something about it. Not later, now. We’re being disenfranchised in real time, and nothing will change unless immediate legal action is taken.
S3 Partners (Short Interest Specialists) calling out CNBC for lying about the Squeeze being over.
$PLTR yolo Jan 21 '22 $65 Call
If you have ITM calls expiring today
You have 17 mins to exercise them for shares rather than cash. The gamma squeeze happens at the bell. If you do not exercise them for shares before the bell, your platform will automatically exercise them for cash. Exercise them for shares and brokers will scramble to find shares. You’ll also be able to profit from the gamma squeeze. And who knows what the price will be when the market opens Monday, you might have to buy back in at $1,000+ per share. Exercise them for shares you have 17 mins.  EDIT: it’s past market hours I hope y’all exercised before the bell. MMs are trying to short. There’s less volume after hours allowing them to manipulate easier as less people after after hours access. But that also means those of us with after hours can fight back just as easily. Exercise options for shares if you still can, idk if certain platforms can or can’  the line.  EDIT 2: I’m not 100% certain but if you’re still able to exercise for shares after hours I believe that’ll push the stock price up if they sold you naked options because they’ll have to buy 100 shares per contract.
I maxed my robinhood in AMC FUCK THE SEC FUCK CAPITAL
57,000,000 SHARE SHORT!
Before you give to charities READ THIS (pretend you can read for ten minutes, this shit is real)
Petition to Add GameStop to the S&P 500
To be eligible for   S&P 500     index     inclusion  , a company should be a   company, have:    ... a market capitalization of at least USD   billion        Currently   ✅     ... be highly liquid        The most traded stock in the world. ✅     ... have a public float of at least 10% of its shares outstanding.        Float is   out of   (66%). ✅     ... and its most recent quarter's earnings and the sum of its trailing four consecutive quarters should be positive.        Ok this could use some work.    We've bid it up, now let's make passive funds buy it, not just the shorties.  Let's do this.     💪.
Started with $800 (check my post history). I’m holding til it’s either 1 Million or 0.
Aww i feel so bad🖕
Retail Deserves Same Opportunities-Joshua Mitts! This Guy F&@ks!!!
THE GME ROLLERCOASTER...
CNN front page rn
DD: Why the play on SLV is a mistake. (HEAR ME OUT).
1. GME isn't over yet. Everyone need to focus on GME.   2. JP Morgan is a heavyweight compared to Melvin and Citadel, which are children. At the moment we are toying with powers who have already done unprecedented things in the so called free market. What exactly do you think will happen if the individual goes after the banks?  Yeah that's right.   They will buy reddit and nuke it from outer orbit before they are left bagholding.  3. Would need Boomers to help, and even though they hate the banks they would be reluctant.   Plenty of other fish in the see imho. Focus on GME, focus on other things.  Pos: GME    Edit: listen you dumb retards these are just my thoughts
Bad news media
I have been reading about 100 stocks that are squeezing that have been blamed on reddit.  Not likely.  I saw an article on oilprice blaming us for a shitty Texas oil company that literally produces under 100 barrels a day squeezing.  I follow this sub pretty regularly and mostly invest in oil and I haven't seen anything.  I can't even mention the oil companies name because it's a penny stock and I don't want to get banned.  Not every squeeze is reddit.  It's probably hedges fighting each other.
Time to show that we are not just gambler
Many of you made a few 💵 and brought it to good use. Can someone come up with a few numbers by analyzing the post from the last few days to show how much we have donated so far? I believe that this community gave more money to charities than any Hedgefond ever did. When this is over I will do my part and will donated to children in need (no matter how this will end).  And even without GME, we do this regularly anyway... When people who don’t have much give to people who have even less, nobody talks about it, but when a few millionaires give some pocket change, it’s an act of kindness... yeah!
System Update
Tldr; my 2-year ape doesn’t clean up his toys, no ice cream for dessert. my 2-year-old does cleanup, then ice cream for dessert. Oh no, I ran out of ice cream. What do I give my toddler if he does good? \ \ \ \ \ \ \ .  This is not investment advice. I’m not a financial advisor. I’m not a robot with a big dick. It’s kinda smallish.  So yesterday, 1/29, I blew up my Robinhood portfolio. I let my people in arms down by selling my 200 GME shares and I undersold a deep ITM CALL. The pressure from the delta hedges and the world was too much to bear. I should have just kept my browser open to WSB or kept my phone off. I think I made 10K for the year (after BS taxes) and 100’s of hours of learning how to invest. Gains are gains but I still feel like shit right now. I missed the boat / rocket again.  This morning I had one of those shower epiphanies. I started off thinking about what my strategy will be going into this week but then I got thinking about the whole economy in general. Everyone pretty much knows money is just a made-up commodity. What really matters is production. How can we get to Mars or outer systems? Production. What is stopping Tesla from producing more cars? Battery production. And what is production but the output of work from people?  Back in the ancient days, money didn’t exist. Work output was rewarded with necessities like food and drink, shelter. Ape climbs trees to get bananas for the community of apes. How should other apes reward that ape? Maybe give a bigger pie of bananas to that one ape? You do work. Here’s your bread for the week. You do better work, here’s your juicy steak.  I played this game called Guild Wars that uses a multi-monetary system. One of those tradeable commodities is Karma. My proposal is that the US government (or maybe the world government) update their system to include something that will act like Karma. At first, I was thinking that they could use \ \ \ \ \ \ \  but that might not be feasible because it cannot be regulated. But then again, maybe that’s what is needed. Who should determine what work output is worth? Maybe the apes that received that output?  I think some governments and corporations are implementing this already (sorry, I’m not an economist). Basically, on your pay stubs, you’ll receive money as well as \ \ \ \ \ \ \ . Or maybe you can choose what percentage of your pay should be in money and \ \ \ \ \ \ \ ? And even if you don’t choose what percentage, the government/corporation or your ape community will reward you with some \ \ \ \ \ \ \  anyway for your good deeds. AKA KARMA! Guild Wars has it. Reddit has it. The world needs it!  Now you’re probably thinking, “WTF is this long degenerate post. What’s your strategy, retard?” Well yeah, I’m still trying to buy GME to help the government fix the system, equalize “wealth” in the best way possible, help the poor, etc, etc.  This is not investment advice. I’m not a financial advisor. I promise to tattoo WSB on my ass if I make it out of this.  1 GME  1/50th TSLA  1 \ \ \   1 Banana  Lots of ice cream (my son loves that song)  892 Reddit Karma
Happy Weekend! It's time to rotate the GME strategy
just holding back to buying up GME. It doesn't take a lot and I'm sure a lot of you are already leveraged to your tits. Pay day was yesterday for some of you.  Create a fidelity account right now and start that transfer.  If you can afford it buy shares and calls. The shares dry up the supply for shorts, and then you can lend these out on fidelity, collect interest and recall them back to really fuck with them. The calls contribute to MM buying up shares to cover their position which causes gamma squeezing to push the price up further. Normally I wouldn't condone FD weeklies (unless the cocaine was really good that week) but they actually work pretty well for GME right now.  The price is high and so are the stakes but I've never been more erect in my life with my family - you god damn degenerates.  As soon as I have the funds I'm doing the same. Who needs alcohol, cocaine, and hooker money when you finally have friends and purpose.      Rocket  🐂🍆 🐂
Eat the rich
My mom, who raised me herself,  worked as a real estate assistant & dishwasher (two jobs seven days a week).  Sometime before 2008, she was cold-called by a big bank who convinced her to re-finance in a predatory loan (after all, “everyone was winning, why shouldn't she get to?”)  Besides all the illegal stuff “promised” or “pretty much guaranteed” she saw the mainstream news a lot and convinced herself that if they are reporting the “record lows”, amazing deals, “benefits,” why not?  She lost her job.  We lost our home.  I remember moving into my grandmother's house and seeing my mom just so given up. She just smiled and looked at me and said, “I’m sorry,” and cried all night.  Nobody cared.  Paying taxes and being an outstanding citizen for over 40 years wasn’t enough.  She got nothing while having everything snatched from her and the scumbags got everything with a gold platter supported by the gov of course.  With $GME I might now be able to pay off my student loan (25k) – as long as we keep HODLING.   # The mainstream media is trying to scare everyone saying they will get the regulations involved, freeze stocks for x days, criminal investigations (for liking a stock LOL), just blatantly manipulating.     Fuck them. Fuck them all. They don’t care about us. They never will. Eat the rich my beautiful monkeys.
New Feature for Automod - Auto-Remove "I'm new here" Posts
Dear mods:  Last time, I came before you with the proposition for banning tik tok posts. Thanks to your work, we were successful and WSB has been all the better for it. Now, a new threat has emerged: posts that contain the words "i'm new here".  Why is this an issue?  Well, on the surface it doesn't seem to be a problem. Realistically however these posts are 99% of the time pure spam and break WSB rules, endangering the sub. Congrats, you are new, thats great! But that does not mean than you can:  1. Shill tickers to p&d. Not only does this break community rules it is ILLEGAL 2. Ask retardedly basic questions. We will make fun of you. 3. Ask people to donate to your GoFundMe. I will reply with the link https://gofuck.yourself  These kinds of posts are crippling our sub, and the members can only report so many of them. At this time, when the media is focused on us some of these could endanger our standing on Reddit. Specifically the p&d ones. All of these share the common phrase of "I'm new here", and as such I believe automod should immediately remove posts containing that phrase.
HIS NAME IS DEEPFUCKINGVALUE
I'm tired of the media and newbies on reddit or the internet in general misrepresenting the situation.  No, not "some guy" or "some people on reddit" figured out that GME was heavily shorted.  No, not some gamblers on WSB just so happened to stumble on a company bet against by greedy industry billionaires so used to manipulating the market they did not even consider the risk of a 130% short.  HIS NAME IS DEEPFUCKINGVALUE.  IF YOU HAVE READING DIFFICULTIES IT'S THREE WORDS, 5 SYLLABLES. DEEP. FUCKING. VALUE.   Put some goddamn respect on his name.    Aka Roaringkitty on YouTube.
I like the stock and I'm  🤲 till I die but.... Where are these PTs coming from?
I like the stock, I'm not selling the stock              Now with that out of the way, at the risk of getting downvoted into oblivion, where is everyone getting these PTs from?  What TA shows 5k, 10k... Shit even $1k? What counter strategies are considered too? These guys obviously will play dirty.   Also, does anyone see some PT that's high that triggers a sell off? What if lots of people are happy with $600? Or $700? Will enough of reeeeeeetail really have the discipline to hold all the way to 5 or 10k?   Again... I like the stock - shit, I LOVE the stock and gme and their future and this could easily be life changing for me but... Help me understand where these numbers come from.  Tl;dr     I like the stock      Edit: I'm not fucking selling. I already promised my wife's boyfriend that I'd pay off his credit cards. Just need to know how much I can keep for myself after that.
Steve Cohen deletes his twitter. He has been squoze from social media, now we squeeze him off GME
GME - 65 Million Shares Outstanding / 6 Million Users =   Shares per user
I don't want to write anything too long since English is not my native language, and honestly, I can read and understand fine, but grammar is not my thing, being that said, let me play with some theoretic numbers, check this out.     GME has only about 65 million shares available in the market (free-float), that means, you can trade an unlimited amount with derivatives like CFDs, but there's a real scarcity on the main asset, in this case the stock.     We are about 6 million users here, this means that, if each user buys 10 stocks of GME, more than the 85% of the free float shares are going to be assigned, and in this case, it's going to create a problem for closing short-selling positions, since the users are going to be determining the final price to buy again the stock in order to close the trade. (Remember, scarcity is the word here.)     Don't you know what this means? I'm not telling to hoard the market and manipulate the order-book, but do the mental math. WALL STREET BETS WON, we are going to be the ones deciding when this craze is going to end, and this is a victory for retail traders, if we want, we could sweep the market.     Remember that Goerge Soros did something similar to the GBP, if you pressure enough the market you are going to find out where it lacks liquidity.     I raise my glass for you, cheers.
I don't wanna see you sell no more baby
Jon Stewart's first tweet is in support of WSB
Can GameStop as a company turn their business model around and become profitable again
GameStop needs to evolve into a technology company that delights gamers and delivers exceptional digital experiences—not remain a video game retailer that overprioritizes its brick-and-mortar footprint and stumbles around the online ecosystem.” -  Investor Ryan Cohen     source:    Some history: Founded in 1984 as a software retailer, GameStop transitioned to games in the early 2000s and was extremely successful, selling consoles, games, and accessories to consumers. At its height around 2011, the company was generating nearly $10 billion in revenue per year and had 6,700 stores. But by 2019, GameStop generated just $  billion in revenue.    ASK:   Does GameStop have a chance to come out a winner as the short squeeze plays out?  EDIT: found this video helpful and informative, produced by the myth, the man, the legend -- u/deepfuckingvalue   -      As always, don't take anything in this $hit $ubreddit as financial advice. FRODO
They're trying to scalp you by taking your contracts. Exercising is important!
They don't want to lose--and holding the bag ISN'T enough! We need to also WIN every battle!   We know their tactics now; they will always shake out weak hands! They can push the price to anything they want to! But they don't want the price to hit $10,000; they want to minimize the pay out. There is one thing we can rely on though--which is that the price WILL go up!  These firms could probably honestly pay out--but they don't want to lose! They want to win, and stay standing when they should have gone bankrupt. When they should have paid out!  Now--they're likely facing a lot of legal pressure. There are investigations underway--and the government could come up with some pernicious lie about "bailing out the people who invested" when what they really mean is "keeping a vested interest in the parasitic banking world". WE the People should be the bank of America!  I don't want hush money!  So, under the table, they're buying up all of your calls. Then they're gonna cover their shorts to drive up the price and exercise their options. And they're buying up your puts--and they'll profit on the way down.  We know of their perfidy, and we will not stand for this!  Let it be known, every shady, deranged tactic they've used to manipulate investors, to manipulate the media--to manipulate the government!  These banks do not need to be saved! They need to be liquidated!  The higher the price, the more they have to pay to stay above water!
Buy high and hold? Or sell when low? Dude behind Wendy's said something when I was sucking his dick. $NOK
When my broker suggest I get out of GME asap
Stay woke y'all... Really good read that clears up a lot of misinformation
You need to hold GME because this isn't just a fight between Wall St. and WSB. It involves the entire world and there's a Trump card on our side
Listen up you tards. Somebody predicted here that if the GME squeeze happens at these prices and numbers, it would explode so violently the ripple effects it'd have on Wall St. would completely destroy the US economy  Do you know who America's biggest enemy is? If you thought China, you're retarded, they're just in the spotlight often because they're poised to overtake the USA technologically and economically sometime in the future so USA wants to make them look as bad as possible to the general public  No, their biggest actual enemy is Russia BY FAR. Cold War, using other countries to conduct proxy wars, constant hacking from Russia, Putin controlling Trump and making him his puppet???? Wtf is that shit  Do you know who the richest person in the world is? If you answered Bezos, you're retarded. If you answered Elon, you're even more retarded. If you answered DeepFuckinValue, you're a simp but that's okay because I simp for him too  No, the richest person is a man that owns an entire country, has dozens of other rich people give him 50% of their money, and has his staff regularly wear watches worth over half a million fucking dollars. That man is    Look, if that tard was correct that this squeeze might destroy the US economy, Putin WILL throw down a few billion to lock up ALL outstanding float, buy up shit loads of OTM calls all up the options chain and blast the stock price to the fucking moon  I'm sure he's in the process of figuring out how to move a few billion to buy all these securities without it being traced back to him which sounds like it would take a while  After this happens, we'll all become fucking billionaires even if you bought 10 shares at 300, and thank and love Putin and the Russian government so much that CNBC will use that as proof of us being Trump supporters  TL;DR PUTIN LIKES THE STOCK         This is not financial advice. I am not a licensed financial professional. I am uneducated on this topic and am not responsible if Putin obliterates the US economy
ROBINHOOD BLOCKING WITHDRAWALS IS WORSE THAN LIMITING SHARES
First off: I'm 100% cash, no margin, no PDT, no pending deposits.  Since early yesterday, I (and many others) are finding that we cannot withdraw funds from Robinhood. Just simply not showing up as available to withdraw. My guess is they're going to say it's a clearing house issue and that they cannot release the funds until all of the trades over the last few days process. Same weak ass excuse they made for halting/limiting buying in the first place.  But think about it: This is even worse than halting/limiting buying. This is literally holding hundreds of millions of dollars hostage, a big chunk of which would otherwise be moved to competitor's brokerages and used to purchase GME. Intentionally or not, it's simultaneously anticompetitive to other brokers, STILL helps the very same people who took these short positions, and further limits the ability of the retail investor to participate in the free market.  When they cut our ability to buy, the entire internet erupted. The same thing should be happening right now, at a deafening level, when hundreds of millions of dollars of retail investor money is being held hostage.  Ape strong, you diamond handed retards.
!repost! NEVER SEEN 4 DIGITS IN MY ACCOUNT BEFORE! I’m a small trader, started back in November and lost a lot.. GME has given me another chance!!  🏼 GME SO WE ALL HAVE LIFE CHANGING TENDIES   HOLD.
Why $GME is the Great Wealth Reset
Edit: I talk more about it on my live chat on the subreddit here:    $GME can be considered the next Great Reset for Classism. Hedge fund managers and elites are legitimately afraid after we've uncovered the power of our massive group.   Trading was always considered something you'd do in secret. You like a stock, you buy it and pray that it goes up so you make a profit.  When WSB became the base of all talks for stock trading, people realised that as a group, they could all give each advice on what stocks would provide best gains over long term due to their product being good.   Now that once dying Gamestop has been risen from the dead,as well as $AMC, people are waking up to the fact that we can control the market just as well as the Wall street guys, if not better, simply because of our voice.  That's why they are crying for regulation, and inspections on the forum as well as getting it deleted, because they realise that the game has been switched. We've flipped the script on them and become as powerful.  Anyway, enough ranting. $GME and $AMC to the moon!!
Michael Burry suggests exiting GME - what is your view? I was in at   but exited 115 sadly with 250k profit. #NoMoreSkinInTheGame
Meet the GameStop investor upending the stock market with cat memes, reaction GIFs, and fundamental analysis
The week r/WallStreetBets took over the financial news media: Exposed mass corruption and manipulation in the global financial markets: $GME    🌕
A thread that explains what happened on Thursday with $GME by an insider
Austists, Degenerates, and fellow retards. Full disclosure I don't own $GME (I know, I am an idiot) but I have been inspired by your fight and have done some studying to really understand what the hell happened. I finally found a thread that explains it all... I know this is boomer speak, but please read and understand what happened so you are better prepared to fight...     GME to the moon!  (Edit) Due to many complaints... mandatory   🙏
For my AMC boys there’s more we can do to drive the stock up, on top of just holding.
Unfortunately, AMC is not gonna be as much of a short squeeze as GME. While yes, we are going to piggyback off of some of that success since AMC seems to follow the same trends, we will have to do extra effort to prevail in getting AMC to $100.  AMC does private screenings for movies for $99. If every AMC holder takes their family and fills these bookings up, it will boost their earnings and help drive up the (ACTUAL) value of the stock on top of artificial. That means all of the boomer investors who say “the real value of the company matters” will finally be compelled to put their money in as well.  AMC earnings are in less than a month. Besides, booking a private theater is baller as fuck.
Short Squeeze ——> Finance War: Centralized vs Decentralized
Finance War - Centralized (Banks/Government) vs Decentralized (c0ins/Fintech)  Seems that savvy retail investors identifying a bullish momentum trade in GME turned short squeeze began poking into a broader situation taking place already.  Wall Street and bankers see fintech start ups as a huge threat to their business model. Likewise, c0in technology has the ability to disrupt the use of the   dollar (which we all know will happen), which the government does not like.   Voila!!!! Wall st/Government have common interest and want to help each other. Tactically the government needs Wall st to fund them to give to Main Street to keep trust in the system. Strategically, the government helps Wall St defeat the fin tech threat.  This real GME squeeze looks like a hefty attack against Wall st. Looks like this threat could be repeated in other areas of the market. Let’s see how Wall st/government respond to eliminate this from happening (laws, regulations, etc.)  May want to keep an I on how this unfolds because it will likely effect what/who to get tendies from in the future  I had source but they mention the c0in and can’t be included. Just look up Janet Yellen, Jamie Dimon, Jerome Powell. And Winklevoss twins, chamath, musk, and others in relation to these topics.
WOOF? I think so. Potential deep value.
Speaking of deep value, I'm finding it in WOOF after a deep dive this morning. Off topic I know, but it's 1/8th the valuation of CHWY with very similar market shares (approx. 5-6%) and revenues ($4B-$5B range) as of the end of 2020. Chewy is definitely growing faster rn no doubt. However, the WOOF CEO started in 2018 and came from HPQ. HPQ and its stock performed very well while he was el presidente; it actually seems to be dropping quite a bit ever since he left. He was definitely blindsided by the pandemic in orchestrating the turnaround. Long term debt is the elephant in the room, but the IPO will cover a portion of it, and the turnaround will take care of the rest.  I like the omnichannel focus, the brick and mortar footprint (bc of vet services) coming out of the pandemic, and a tech oriented CEO. If they can make big inroads with marketing and customer service, they will be on equal footing with CHWY. Lots of other factors of course, but I like the stock and the opportunity for a turnaround given the $97B TAM.  Wish there were 2022/23 leaps available. Only goes out to September rn. Anyway, I'll be buying deep ITM September calls and a sizable shares position.
This is not the first time RH has screwed me. Here's a letter from my Girlfriend detailing how they have stolen every cent she's made.
I can’t be the only retard that owns $BLOZF, can I?
Any other diamond hand retards own cannabix technologies? Seems like a good play. Canadian company developing a breathalyzer for thc to be used by law enforcement and the workplace that can test for consumption with the past 2 hours. With legalization being more and more prevalent, and cannabix recently getting their technology patented I think this thing can go to the fucking moon   jump on the rocket while it’s still cheap as fuck.   Positions: 10 shares gme 650 shares bb 5000 blozf
Weekend Discussion Thread for the Weekend of January 29, 2021
Your weekend discussion thread. Please keep the shitposting to a maximum
this is what you get with your “hero” politicians
I'll just like to sell. Hold it is. No I said sell. Sell. Se-ll. Ho-ld. S. E. H. O.
Not much but I just liquidated my entire 8 Years 60k RRSP and yolo on GE with you guys.
WE'RE NOT FUCKING SELLING. WE LIKE THE STOCK
I guess 5s all I’m doin for now
Don’t be retarded like me and sell CCs on GME
Homo-tivational Speech Thread. TODAY, WE HOLD!
Fellow cunts.  We have always loved the saying. Buy high, sell low. A meme for us in the know. But today, we hold. We've always been eager to get those tendies. Indeed, many of you are already up 400%. Tempting though it may be to sell,   WE HOLD  .  We do not hold for you or me. We hold for our fellow cunts who are now poorfags. The poorfags can't fight today. But we can. And so   WE HOLD  .  Some of you made phat stacks on so many memes this year. 'member when we bought into Nikola? Choo choo haha. 'member TLRY? Oh I do. My walled does for sure. 'member the running of the bears from Elon's Shorts? me too. We've fought tooth and nail together, cunts. So today,   WE HOLD  .  We now stare down the final 10 minutes of the void of this "free market". Let's hold now, cunts. Together. Let's watch the greatest victory of all. The pooring of the Hedges.  Today,   WE HOLD  .
Palantir Gotham launch. For everyone who still doesn't understand why this will moon. $PLTR let's goooo.
This Bear Raid and their Spoofing is textbook market manipulation and in the United States under Section 9(a)(2)[1] of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 IT IS ILLEGAL.
In a bear raid there is an attempt to push the price of a stock down by heavy selling or short selling, they are using algos to spoof the price down suddenly. They sniped stop losses at 115$, almost 4x lower than the actual market value.   They should all go to prison for this, they started this situation on a 4$ bet gone wrong. They had literally 100's of chances to stop but they doubled and tripled down. They'd rather bankrupt all of us commoners again and send us the bill.    They blame us for pushing the stock up with out fundamentals. Give me a break, they all got together in their opaque buildings and decided to short this company all at once. THAT is a textbook Bear Raid.   Hit them where it hurts, their wallets. Ape Together Strong.
MONDAY FLOAT PINCH 🤏
EDIT: THIS IS THEORETICAL. I AM NOT INSINUATING ANYONE BUY SHARES. JUST A DISCUSSION.   So this sub has blown up to   (nice) subscribers. There are currently ~47m floating shares for GME right now. I don't know how many of those are being held since the last update, but theoretically if everyone bought just one share like RH allows, we could drop the float by   in a single day. THATS A -20% CHANGE IN FLOATING SHARES. This would severely pinch any shorts as supply would tighten. If we wanted to decimate the float, each person would need to buy ~   shares.   That doesn't seem like too much if everyone actually bought, and I'd imagine that a tighter float could possibly initiate a squeeze bc hedgies would panic cover. But once again, just a theoretical take on supply/demand of shares outstanding. Not advice.   Do you agree or disagree? Would tightened float supply cause a chain reaction resulting in a squeeze faster than anticipated? I'm curious.     This is theoretical and not financial advice    This post needed a rocket
PSA before Going All in on GME: WSB is A Casino!
We've had millions of new subscribers and a shit ton of new posts titled   "I Cashed Out my Life Savings and Yoloed it into GME"  .    're now a part of the movement and we welcome it but this needs to be said.    We do not hide the fact that WSB is a Casino and you take on your own risk when you put your $$$ into the pot.   We've seen some insane media posts this past week comparing us to alt-right, incels, Nazis... You name it, there's a reporter from Big Media out there trying to label us with some bullshit narrative.   GME will eventually peak and there will be WSBers holding the bag at the end. Some will lose thousands. Some may lose millions and possibly their entire life savings holding that bag.   They will blame everyone who sold before they did and why they got left holding the bag.   Expect a ton of "I LOST EVERYTHING" with a lot of finger pointing towards WSB. Expect the media to blame us for "encouraging" this behavior..  So I'm going to make this loud and clear for everyone thinking of cashing out their entire 401k and putting everything into GME. For the Media reading and everyone else.     WSB IS A CASINO.      If you lose everything, do not blame u/DeepFuckingValue. Do not blame mods like zjz. Do not blame any of us. We've never hid what WSB was about.
Uniteeee
If we can get these globalist in tears and to rig the system just by stocks imagine what else we can do If we unite to take back our freedoms of the free market!! THE GAME IS RIGGED NEITHER WE UNITE TO EVERYTHING OR WE FUCKING DIE LIKE BITCHES THE CALL IS YOUR!         Hold your shares btw🇺🇸
Still riding boys 🙏🏼   It's ain't much to some but it's honest work
BEWARE WEEKEND SCARE TACTICS
We made it through the battle today and are UP 69% (nice). The hedges are only getting more desperate after the put options that expired today but REMEMBER: they have at LEAST 2-6 days in the market to pay these off, and likely have MANY MORE options expiring in coming weeks. With the lack of shenanigans today I predict an extended-hours ladder attack is incoming when many retail traders are sidelined from the action, combined with another media push of scare tactics incoming this weekend. We were caught off guard with the RH bullshit but hopefully enough people can get set up with Fidelity next week to even the playing field. But above all else: fuckin hold and we're golden  DON'T TRUST EXTENDED HOURS PRICES TODAY OR MONDAY MORNING.   DON'T TRUST ANY MEDIA HITPIECES CLAIMING THE SQUEEZE IS OVER THIS WEEKEND.   THEY WILL TRY TO KILL THE HYPE WHEN TRADING IS DOWN AND CAUSE A MONDAY SELL-OFF.   HOLD. THE. FUCKIN. LINE.   obligatory 'not a financial advisor' BS goes here, we just like the fuckin' stock
It's Our Patriotic Duty to Hold
Some excerpts from      My Shot      from      Hamilton     .     I'm 99% sure Lin-Manuel wrote this song using the American Revolution as a metaphor for wallstreetbets.  January 6th wasn't 1776, it was just a bunch of retards.  This movement is 1776   AND   a bunch of retards.    tldr: HISTORY SAYS TO HOLD       I am not throwin' away my shot  I am not throwin' away my shot  ...  I'm young, scrappy and hungry  And I'm not throwin' away my shot  ...  These New York City streets get colder, I shoulder  Every burden, every disadvantage  I have learned to manage, I don't have a gun to brandish  I walk these streets famished  The plan is to fan this spark into a flame  ...  Meanwhile, Britain keeps shittin' on us endlessly  Essentially, they tax us relentlessly  Then King George turns around, runs a spendin' spree  He ain't ever gonna set his descendants free  So there will be a revolution in this century  Enter me, he says in parentheses  Don't be shocked when your history book mentions me  ...  The unrest in France will lead to anarchy.  When I fight, I make the other side panicky  With my, shot  ...  I'm joining the rebellion 'cause I know it's my chance  To socially advance, instead of sewin' some pants   I'm gonna take a shot  ...  Give me a position, show me where the ammunition is  Oh, am I talkin' too loud?  Sometimes I get over excited, shoot off at the mouth  I never had a group of friends before  I promise that I'll make y'all proud  Let's get \[deepfuckingvalue\] in front of a crowd  ...  When you're living on your knees, you rise up  Tell your brother that he's gotta rise up  Tell your sister that she's gotta rise up  When are these colonies gonna rise up?   ...  Ask anybody why we livin' fast and we laugh, reach for a flask  We have to make this moment last, that's plenty  Scratch that this is not a moment, it's the movement  Where all the hungriest brothers with something to prove went?  Foes oppose us, we take an honest stand  We roll like Moses, claimin' our promised land
WSB + The Internet vs. CNBC
IF YOU LOST A LOT OR A LITTLE MONEY THIS WEEK PLEASE READ
Listen up my fellow autists. The Market Makers may have killed your portfolio this week with all the wild and uncalled for manipulation. Ask your grandma or your wife's boyfriend for some more money and lets get back in there Monday ready to hold those shares and buy some calls. Whatever you do though all jokes aside take $ROPE off your watch list. That stock is going bankrupt. Remember the words of a wise man: "There will always be money. It's just a number on a screen. We're all just sending electrons back and forth so we have something to kill the time. Has there been any real difference in your life over the past few days as that squiggly line has gone down? Probably not. There is a lot of time between now and the time you actually need that money. So turn off the screen, have a beer, rub one out, and come back Monday to start working on getting that squiggly line to go back up."
Take a Break
We really took it to them today my fellows apes. Every. Damn. Time. The stock starting to take a hit we were able to get it right back up where it belongs. We didn’t even give them a chance to pick up cheap shares. Instead now they have to fight us directly for them.   I can feel this communities grip strength growing. The     are flourishing. Next on the list our pockets will be over flowing.   Don’t forget to get a glass of water, take a damn shower, and get some shitty oven pizza. Because soon we will be eating gold bars.
GME YOLO month-end update — Jan 2021
Three Scenarios We Win
1611983083
Can you imagine the BUY volume today if trading WASN'T restricted? Happy weekend. MOON MONDAY AWAITS.
We needed the 320s ITM....
Perfectly Balanced, As All Things Should Be
AMD Restrictions
Okay I just wanna point this out again. I'm Pretty sure this has been posted before, but this thing is ridiculous.  AMD beat their earnings this Tuesday (26/01). Many analysts are upgrading their price targets for AMD.  Source:    Many catalysts are coming  Short interest is vastly increasing over the past months. Source:    Each morning AMD spikes up and after that it gets beaten down and it is bleeding till close.  It felt like there was a manipulation going, but now with GME, BB, NOK, ... surging, we finally see that AMD is being manipulated as hell. Robinhood is restricting the amount of shares u can buy to a number of   ONE SHARE  . Source:    AMD hasn't had a significant bullrun like the onces mentioned before, but u clearly see that Wallstreet is scared of a potential move coming.  They have been dragging us down for a while now and it is holding back the potential growth a company can make. I am glad the GME move has revealed the underlying system whereby the rich are getting richer by dragging down companies.  I hope we won't give up and i pray for more tears from billionaires to come.
I might make 150USD a month but I'm holding GME!! Tiny reinforcement from Asia and a story of how unfair things have been for me and others.
This is gonna be a long story about all the unfairness I observed and endured from the 1% both in corporate and the market. I'm sorry if it bores you, I saw that story from that dude that posted how his dad lost almost everything during 2008 and I wanted to share my own.   Sorry for my bad English.   Hello WSB, I last post around half a year ago on how the US Stock Market helped me get closer to my dream of being able to support my family with an average country wage of 150USD a month.  I got a ton of encouragement and advices from everyone back then which I immensely appreciated. Now that the GME phenomenon has spreaded over the globe, even here (although we actually cannot help you guys without a lot of trouble like I went through, more below)   So to recap, I saved up 2000 USD ever since I was young uptil now (I'm 21 now), working ever since I was in elementary school, money was all I had in mind ever since our country got hit with the 2008 depression and my family was struggling.   Backstory:   I've always loved PC and paid close attention to it so when their new Ryzen series leaks start getting out in 2016 and I got to test them out while working part time, I took a look at their stock. It was trading at around 2 I think.   So with my excitement I was eager to join the market, I asked my uncle who was a stock investor and his reply was "The market is rigged, don't join it". I was stumbed. He lost a lot in 2008, maybe that was why.   So after a month of research, it appears there is no legit way for me to invest in the US market, or actually to any market aside our own. Our banks wouldn't even let us wire money overseas without a reason they deem acceptable. But here's the thing, the hedge funds here can. That was the first unfair thing I witness about limiting the little guy ability to get somewhere in life.   In the end, I couldn't find a way to get in and watched as AMD make it meteoric rise over the past few years. It was really depressing thinking back on how the profit could've helped my family.   Fast forward to 2020, I finally found a way to make a foreign account with TD and have a friend overseas that can help me fund the account, I just need to send him money through epayment. The fees was high, not to mention since we can't use ACH because we're transferring to TD from his account, it cost me somewhere a total of around 50 USD for the money to land in my account.   But after all that I managed to get into the market, I grinded through all the courses on TD and read all the posts from various subs. But life is never that smooth.   Around that time, I saw a post of a member on here using his profit to pay for another fellow member tuition. That inspired me, I wanted to do that so badly, first for my brother.    The Beer Virus Crash:   I joined the market at Feb 28th 2020. Yes, right at the top before we drill straight through earth core because of the beer viruses. I almost lost it all, I switched between puts and calls as I see fit but in the end, I came out with 200USD left. I thought I was the unluckiest guy on earth. It was tiring, since we're on opposite end of the timezone, I usually finish school or work then trare until around 2 or 4am. All that and ending up with huge loss was devastating. Thinking back, I should've pulled out when I was seeing my money losing everyday.   The corona started affecting our country, we did a great job at handling it but I can tell my parents were fearing for their jobs. I put myself back together and get back in with my 200, slowly grinding up back to 2000. It was arduous but when I finally got back to breakeven, it felt amazing. Because I'm not starting again, I'm starting again with experience.   Sadly, by this time, my father lost his job due to corporate politics/dirty-play. I won't get into details but basically there was some bad people doing bad things to try to frame others, it's been going on for years. In the end, he was proven innocent but the corporate still let him go to "keep the image of the company". And guess what, he never get a job anymore no matter how many times he gets to those final interviews. We both know that it was because they made him as scapegoat and whenever a new company contact his old one, they would he put off. To them, it's much better to scapegoat one person than to say "We let a guy sabotaging our employees and company for years without being able to do anything".   After all the failed job opportunity he decided to give the stock market a try. It was going well. We don't have advance options and we also don't allow "legal" shorting here. But as we'll soon find out, it's only a rule for us commoners..   Basically, shorting is not a thing here but hedgefunds or sharks can always call each other and borrow shares to short. I've witness quite a few short ladder attack.    And since we don't have options, we don't have the ability to buy puts to hedge our account but I am sure the big guy has their ways of getting them   You can tell by this point I have a lot of bottled up contempt for suits.   GME and the global movement:   And that brings us to this unprecedented time. I didn't get into GME soon enough (4 GME shares at 150 cost basis) my money was tired up in Spreade for BB and Nok expiring last Friday which was rather deep ITM (I had BB 21/22C and BB hit a peak of 28 last week). And as we all know, by abusing their power yet again, they tanked the price and those trades are now worthless. But I held GME, I held through their attacks when it tankee to 100 because you guys were holding with me.   So now all I have is 4 GME shares that I will hold until we can get back at them and WHEN, not if, we win, hopefully it will help me somewhat in investing in this market - that hopefully will be a lot more fair after all of this.   A lot of people I know are asking to join and I've been helping them setting up accounts on TDA or eToro. Etoro is faster to get started but they kinda suck. Since there are no way for us to get Fractional Shares (eToro been wonky), some of my friends are putting money together to hold one shares of GME on Monday.   I look forward to the day we win this, so many things are on the line, not just for our generation, but our previous and future generations, not just for the US stock market but for all market as well as everything unfairness in the world. In the end, we might win the battle of GME but still not win much from this war of unfairness but that's a start.   So to conclude this stupid long TEDtalk. You have reinforcement from everywhere WSB. Even from places that cost 2 months wages for a share.   Let's make them pay for what they took from us and if possible, my brother tuition also! 10k per share is not a meme!!!   TLDR: Poor kid from 3rd world country holding GME because suits treated his family badly.  Position: Every penny in my name - 4 shares of GME  BUY AND HOLD GME!!! - This is not financial advices.
I might make 150USD a month but I'm holding GME!! Tiny reinforcement from Asia and a story of how unfair things have been for me and others.
This is gonna be a long story about all the unfairness I observed and endured from the 1% both in corporate and the market. I'm sorry if it bores you, I saw that story from that dude that posted how his dad lost almost everything during 2008 and I wanted to share my own.   Sorry for my bad English.   Hello WSB, I last post around half a year ago on how the US Stock Market helped me get closer to my dream of being able to support my family with an average country wage of 150USD a month.  I got a ton of encouragement and advices from everyone back then which I immensely appreciated. Now that the GME phenomenon has spreaded over the globe, even here (although we actually cannot help you guys without a lot of trouble like I went through, more below)   So to recap, I saved up 2000 USD ever since I was young uptil now (I'm 21 now), working ever since I was in elementary school, money was all I had in mind ever since our country got hit with the 2008 depression and my family was struggling.   Backstory:   I've always loved PC and paid close attention to it so when their new Ryzen series leaks start getting out in 2016 and I got to test them out while working part time, I took a look at their stock. It was trading at around 2 I think.   So with my excitement I was eager to join the market, I asked my uncle who was a stock investor and his reply was "The market is rigged, don't join it". I was stumbed. He lost a lot in 2008, maybe that was why.   So after a month of research, it appears there is no legit way for me to invest in the US market, or actually to any market aside our own. Our banks wouldn't even let us wire money overseas without a reason they deem acceptable. But here's the thing, the hedge funds here can. That was the first unfair thing I witness about limiting the little guy ability to get somewhere in life.   In the end, I couldn't find a way to get in and watched as AMD make it meteoric rise over the past few years. It was really depressing thinking back on how the profit could've helped my family.   Fast forward to 2020, I finally found a way to make a foreign account with TD and have a friend overseas that can help me fund the account, I just need to send him money through epayment. The fees was high, not to mention since we can't use ACH because we're transferring to TD from his account, it cost me somewhere a total of around 50 USD for the money to land in my account.   But after all that I managed to get into the market, I grinded through all the courses on TD and read all the posts from various subs. But life is never that smooth.   Around that time, I saw a post of a member on here using his profit to pay for another fellow member tuition. That inspired me, I wanted to do that so badly, first for my brother.    The Beer Virus Crash:   I joined the market at Feb 28th 2020. Yes, right at the top before we drill straight through earth core because of the beer viruses. I almost lost it all, I switched between puts and calls as I see fit but in the end, I came out with 200USD left. I thought I was the unluckiest guy on earth. It was tiring, since we're on opposite end of the timezone, I usually finish school or work then trare until around 2 or 4am. All that and ending up with huge loss was devastating. Thinking back, I should've pulled out when I was seeing my money losing everyday.   The corona started affecting our country, we did a great job at handling it but I can tell my parents were fearing for their jobs. I put myself back together and get back in with my 200, slowly grinding up back to 2000. It was arduous but when I finally got back to breakeven, it felt amazing. Because I'm not starting again, I'm starting again with experience.   Sadly, by this time, my father lost his job due to corporate politics/dirty-play. I won't get into details but basically there was some bad people doing bad things to try to frame others, it's been going on for years. In the end, he was proven innocent but the corporate still let him go to "keep the image of the company". And guess what, he never get a job anymore no matter how many times he gets to those final interviews. We both know that it was because they made him as scapegoat and whenever a new company contact his old one, they would he put off. To them, it's much better to scapegoat one person than to say "We let a guy sabotaging our employees and company for years without being able to do anything".   After all the failed job opportunity he decided to give the stock market a try. It was going well. We don't have advance options and we also don't allow "legal" shorting here. But as we'll soon find out, it's only a rule for us commoners..   Basically, shorting is not a thing here but hedgefunds or sharks can always call each other and borrow shares to short. I've witness quite a few short ladder attack.    And since we don't have options, we don't have the ability to buy puts to hedge our account but I am sure the big guy has their ways of getting them   You can tell by this point I have a lot of bottled up contempt for suits.   GME and the global movement:   And that brings us to this unprecedented time. I didn't get into GME soon enough (4 GME shares at 150 cost basis) my money was tired up in Spreade for BB and Nok expiring last Friday which was rather deep ITM (I had BB 21/22C and BB hit a peak of 28 last week). And as we all know, by abusing their power yet again, they tanked the price and those trades are now worthless. But I held GME, I held through their attacks when it tankee to 100 because you guys were holding with me.   So now all I have is 4 GME shares that I will hold until we can get back at them and WHEN, not if, we win, hopefully it will help me somewhat in investing in this market - that hopefully will be a lot more fair after all of this.   A lot of people I know are asking to join and I've been helping them setting up accounts on TDA or eToro. Etoro is faster to get started but they kinda suck. Since there are no way for us to get Fractional Shares (eToro been wonky), some of my friends are putting money together to hold one shares of GME on Monday.   I look forward to the day we win this, so many things are on the line, not just for our generation, but our previous and future generations, not just for the US stock market but for all market as well as everything unfairness in the world. In the end, we might win the battle of GME but still not win much from this war of unfairness but that's a start.   So to conclude this stupid long TEDtalk. You have reinforcement from everywhere WSB. Even from places that cost 2 months wages for a share.   Let's make them pay for what they took from us and if possible, my brother tuition also! 10k per share is not a meme!!!   TLDR: Poor kid from 3rd world country holding GME because suits treated his family badly.  Position: Every penny in my name - 4 shares of GME  BUY AND HOLD GME!!! - This is not financial advices.
GME AMC BB NOK etc. to the moon ‼️‼️‼️      WE WILL HOLD   🏾
Robinhood is total fucking garbage. Stop using it.
I've commented before about what trash this company is, and what trash their fucking app. is.  This is the equivalent of telling you that now you're only allowed to sell, not buy, because Citadel got on the wrong side of these trades when you made them.  Robinhood does not send your trades to the exchange.  They send them directly to Citadel or one of three or four other market makers.  You're betting directly against Robinhood when you use it.  They clear their own trades.  It's a total sham, and they are exactly the antithesis of what they bill themselves as.  They are designed for these big money players to make money, and for you to lose.  Get a fucking Fidelity account.  They send your trade to the exchange, and pay for that.  They don't get paid for order flow.  They're not on the other side of your trade, so they have  no incentive  to tell you that you can't buy something,  because they need you to sell it to them, instead .
$GME, I Will Wait For You Through The Rise And Fall
WSB: Endgame: The Beginning: Part 3: A Revelation
Should we prepare for Robinhood making our money "Disappear?"
Fellow bros and sisters, we have seen the last few days that Robinhood is willing to fuck us over to suck and please their Citadel masters. We also know that in the past there have been several cases of RH users having their funds (thousands of $$$) "disappear" only to get a $75 credit and a half assed sorry note. I have started to take snap shots of my accounts, holdings, positions, etc. Is there anything else we should do in order to prepare for the worse and that many RH users losing their hard earned profits from this GME squeeze?  200 Shares deep in GME      NOT FUCKING SELLING TIL WE HIT $10K.         Edit: I've already started to move what ever I have avaliable to E-Trade. The only thing left is the 200 shares of GME in my RH account.  Edit 2: Margin is turned off, my account is cash only. Not going to transfer my shares to another brokerage cause I don't want it to be stuck in limbo for weeks.
Still fuk bear.
Reeeeeeeeecap of today's market driving news (Jan 29, 2021 after market close)
After a hiatus due to GME craze, reeeeecaps are back for a limited time. The broader market took a nose dive today as volatility resume in earnest due to, of all things, fucking meme stocks. As GME, AMC, KOSS, and others continue their large swings to the stratosphere much to the grief of short sides, chatters are now about that sell-offs are partly a liquidity issue as funds close out their long position to cover (and prevent a margin call) on their decimated short positions in GME et al. VIX continues the spike from Wednesday and was up as high as 19% as systemic risk to the market are now fully in the spotlight.    During intraday low, the DOW was down as much as -747 pts while SPX was down -94 pts and Chadsdaq was down -352 pts. Almost all sectors are being punished while a few medical products company in SPX escape into the greens due to a strong ER and an overall strengthened demand - cuz there's a fucking global pandemic. TMO is up   for the day to $511 while DHR is up 4% to $237. Conversely, big tech are big fucked as AAPL, FB, and MSFT are all down significantly. AAPL closed down  , FB down  , and MSFT closed down   (despite a strong ER result earlier in the week). AMZN, GOOGL, and NFLX are all down around -1%.    GME swings to a strong green opening after RH relents being a shill bag for Citadel, allowing limited GME and AMC trading (to one or five fucking shares? what a joke). Turns out when the product is free, you're the product? In yet another volatile session, intraday high was at the opening $413 and intraday low was at $250 (a 40% intraday move) as MMs clear out their delta and escapes a total gamma squeeze to live yet another day. The short squeeze, however, is still in play as GME closes up 68% to close at $325, thanks to a reversal of movement shortly before power hour. As of writing, short sellers are at mark-to-market loss of almost 20 bil. You gotta feel for them as they might need to downgrade from a super yacht to a pleb boat. Such shame.    Congress critters, media pundits, and everyone's moms continue to give their 2cents on the GME and gang episode - and while consensus is usually in favor of the little guys, being a cynical F - you should expect regulations and further restrictions from regulators/industry moving forward. One likely curb to help save MMs would be restricting options trading to a certain account size, or further restricting access to 0dte, particularly for volatile underlyings. Expect all this to come out with messaging of "helping to protect our customers."    RoaringKitty AKA DFV gets   minutes after market close. Don't click thru. Guess if he's still in?    If you're unhappy with your broker due to restrictions, select veteran brokerages such as Fidelity, Vanguard, ETrade, has placed zero restriction (short of whatever that is already existed) on meme stock trading. As it turns out companies with decent corporate value are actually NOT dick bags, even in the face of market volatility. (Sure their UI might be stuck in the 90s and early 2000s). Things are especially helpful as these brokerages do their own clearing and aren't beholden to Citadel and others. While brokers who use Apex as a clearing house has had limited time restriction (Ally, TDA, Tasty etc.) they are definitely far better than whatever RH has done to their customer.    Notable upgrades and downgrades: Despite receiving a strong upgrades this AM, BA couldn't handle overall macro pressure and its green opening of +2% swung to red as the day chugs on. Morgan Stanley double upgraded Boeing to overweight form underweight with a PT of $230, up from $165. BA closed the day down   to $194, further contributing to DOW's demise. SFIX, who rode quite a bit of the short squeeze mania in recent days (from $55 to $100 within two weeks) was hit with a downgrade by Baird as they notch the shares down to neutral from outperform with a PT of $85. SFIX closed the day down   to $95. GM, who's looking more and more likely to be the next strong EV contender receives another PT hike to $80 from $57 by Morgan Stanley. Shares remain unchanged given the recent run-up and closed the day flat at   to $     After a decent rally from ER, AAL immediately sets out to offer another round of 1 bil in stocks, further fucking over their long term boomer shareholders. Already selling 1 bil in stock back in Oct of last year, the new offering will be selling up to   bil in more. Shares of American Airline close the day down -5% to $17. Others in the sector are also down, particular as UAL warns that thousands of job are at risk again - despite a 15 bil handout from the recent stimulus package. UAL close down -6% to $40, DAL down   to $38. Meanwhile JBLU and LUV handles the sector news a bit better given their management isn't complete trash.    In WSB meme stock land, everything is a fucking meme stock now. AMC close the day up 53% back above $13. BB, a stock without the short squeeze factor closed the day down   to $14. If you like the previous DDs and plays on BB - you can always regrab $15c or $20c leaps when IV has cool down some more after VIX has retreated. As of writing Jan 22 and Jan 23 leaps are still looking at 140-150% IV. Which is a bit too expensive in premium. ICLN retreats yet again, down   MT is down   after running up almost 7% the day before, and PLTR close the day down   to $35 ish. TSLA took another haircut of -5% to close out at $793, furthering yesterday's decline after an ER profit miss that didn't impress the market. Yeah, you almost forgot about all these tickers, didn't ya?    Looking for a bullish meme stock play but just can't stomach the IV or premiums level and shares are too boomer (or out of reach in the case of GME lol)? Thanks to crazy high IV, you can join theta gang sell GME puts (cash covered or spread) at strikes of $25p to $35p for April, netting you premium of around $7 to $11. This bakes in one Q4 ER which GME should do well in, and with IV at +400% and delta of under   and lower (heh), the odds are stacked in your favor to come out ahead of the play. If assigned, you'll be paying only $18 for GME for the 25p and $24 for the 35p. Another company that will likely be a decent hold if assigned: BB puts are also going for decent premium. Feb 19 10p is going for around $  with a delta of  , or you can go further out to March 10p which nets you about $  with a delta of   as well.      Noteworthy ERs:   With most of the big bois ER behind us (and overshadowed by meme stocks), earnings season continues next week with a few more market movers. On Feb 2nd, BABA, PFE, and UPS all reports before market opens. Later that afternoon, AMZN will report after market close. Further along the week, PYPL reports on Feb 3 after market close while PINS reports Feb 4 after market close. (PINS doesn't really move market but its noteworthy enough).      Notable econ numbers   includes the usual boys with Monday PMI at 9:45 AM ET, ISM manufacturing index at 10 AM ET, jobless claims on Thursday at 8:30 AM and the big daddy employment situation (nonfarm payroll etc) on Friday at 8:30 AM ET.     The DOW closed down -2% or -622 pts, Nasdaq down -2% or -266 pts, SPX down   or -73 pts, and RUT close down   or -32 pts.  (Yesterday's recap: none, but you can read
FIDELITY and VANGUARD!! Switch over now if you're stuck in RH. They've combined $  trillion in AUM! They own   of GME collectively! SWITCH OVER NOW
Disclaimer: I'm not giving you retards any financial advise whatsoever. You are free to do whatever you want with your money. I'm just providing you with my research for you to make up your own conclusions.       --  Listen.  Fidelity and Vanguard are in a class of their own when it comes to retail brokers available to retail investors. Shithood, Interactive Dumbasses and so on do NOT compare.   Shithood is a little startup that has to answer to hedge funds, HFTs (their main customers of order flow buys), and venture capitalists. Shithood CEO has no fucking idea what he's doing and is clearly vested in our failure.  ##   Fidelity and Vanguard     ✅  Here come the big fucking boys!  Fidelity has   $  trillion  , YES trillion, in assets under management. Vanguard has   $6 trillion   in assets under management. I am saying TRILLIONS, not little billions.  Guess what?   THEY ANSWER TO NO FUCKING ONE  .  ##   Fidelity owns   of GME shares.   💸💸💸  And Vanguard?   of GME shares.      Source:    Collectively,   they literally own   of GME  . They are INVESTED in its success.  Consider putting your volume, our customer base, behind them. They are with retailers.  #   Okay, so what do I fucking do now?    Open a new account in either of these brokerages. Deposit your money and buy GME! Fidelity gives you INSTANT funds as margin.   #   LEAVE YOUR SHARES IN RH. TRANSFER YOUR MONEY OUT.     I know, this sounds fucking stupid. But your shares are needed in play next week. LEAVING THEM IN RH FOR NOW! HOLD DIAMOND-HAND IT     Transferring your assets (shares, options) takes  .  # again:   LEAVE YOUR SHARES IN RH. TRANSFER YOUR MONEY OUT.     Do NOT transfer your shares from RH yet!! Just your money.  Here is how to   open a new brokerage account  :   ##   Fidelity Brokerage account:       ##   Vanguard Brokerage account:       positions: 300 GME
Don't ever bother about AH movement, especially on Friday
Last week's Friday AH was -7%. We opened up 40% and rallied to 140%.  After-hours movement is the time when they scare us and manipulate the price. Do not get fooled.  We obviously have \ some\  funds playing on our side, since there were many resistance levels where we got big support. After all, remember - we are ants in their game, but the ants finally make a difference. Our only mission is simple - just hold. If you really need the money and feel anxiety of losing it, please sell a part of your gains, don't risk your mental health for it. However, if you are just like me, doing it rather for the cause than gains, ride this fucker with me till they bleed. We are writing history here lads, you'll be telling your kids and grandkids about.  HOLD THE FUCKING LINE and enjoy Monday ride. This is far from over.  edit:
$327 GME on the close. A small win for us retards across WSB. Come Monday we will be dancing even if we don't know how to.
Multiple posters on Yahoo Finance would like to warn us about "misinformation," using the exact same words... so they must be in complete agreement!
End of week motivation
WOW! What a week in the market for everyone here. I’m sure you’re all exhausted from the roller coaster of emotions that we’ve gone through this week. Remember to get some rest and stay hydrated while we recover from the battle. This isn’t over by a long shot.  Thank you all for the positive energy and enthusiasm put into the sub. At first it may just seem like a bunch of people trying to make money, but we are a community at heart.  No matter the outcome, it’s been an honor to spend time in here with all of you. (yes, even you SEC lurkers)  But we all know the outcome will be a first class one-way trip to the MOON       so strap in and get ready for takeoff ladies and gents, and I’ll see you on the other side.
We all did our jobs this week! Get some rest and now we wait....
Polish traders vs. Melvin
Polish traders are united with wallstreetbets in this fight against hedge funds!  Together we are stronger than ever before! Traders unite under wallstreetbets flag!
I'm not fucking selling  🙏
Cramer thinks we’re all retards, here’s GME price target based on what Cramer said
Cramer said yesterday,”you guys hit a home run, don’t be greedy, don’t go for the grand slam.”  First of all, why is he so vested in telling people to sell?  Why are the retail brokerages so vested in just letting people sell, but only letting them buy 0 or 1 shares of GME?  GME was trading at $338 when he said that.  A home run = 1; grand slam = 4.  If it was a home run now, then grand slam = 4   338 = $1,352.  My personal price target is at least $1,352 for GME or higher.       This is not investment advice and I am not an investment professional. I am just a regular retard.  What I am personally doing is not only holding, but locking 🔐the shares up in a box 📦 and throwing away the key as a longterm hold.   The company has excellent long term fundamentals imho and this new retail rally around its stock will also be there to support them during the GameStop renaissance.  LTDR: I’m not an investment professional and this is not investment advice, but imho      and am not only holding, but locking the shares in a box and throwing away the key.  PS: I am also planning on voting accordingly when GameStop shareholders can vote, for Ryan Cohen and the Chewy crew.
GME HOLDERS! All Proceeds Towards GME Stocks!
“First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.”
Hold the wall my friends. Sit back and enjoy this weekend. Have a drink, spend time w your family.  Because Monday morning, we go back to the front lines.     They tried to manipulate the stock prices, blocking us from buying (but not selling  ) and multiple media propaganda attacks to try to get us to sell, because they think we’ll cave first. Don’t let them win.  As a wise man once said, "We can stay retarded longer than they can stay solvent."        🤚
$NOK strong buy signals, trading ~500% of average volume
We've been seeing some huge volume days for $NOK           >Investors Buy High Volume of Call Options on Nokia (NYSE:NOK)     >Nokia Co. (NYSE:NOK) was the target of unusually large options trading activity on Monday. Stock investors acquired 221,996 call options on the company. This represents an increase of approximately 350% compared to the typical volume of 49,332 call options.      These are strong buy signals I'm seeing. Anyone else want to chime in with more info feel free to do so.     Tl;dr $NOK go up
Potential Robinhood Whistleblower Tape Releasing Today (Project Veritas)
GameStop Corp. Declares Two-for-One Stock Split
I think hedge funds have infultrated wsb
Edit: theyve been here all along but now im seeing a drastic shift in content promoting selling. Before hold content got 100k+, now it caps at 20k and sell content is right there with it along with buy amc content. Theyre trying to distract us from gme with bots and interns. Dont let your guard down  Ive been seeing an increasing number of posts so far this weekend about stuff people bought with sold shares or saying that we did it and our posts to hold are getting far less traction.   I think the only possibilities are either the retards in here dont know its not over, or hedge funds are trying to distract us with bots and interns  Theyre probably gilding themselves too so their posts get traction!  We must fight it! HOLD  This is not financial advice. I eat crayons and shit standing
To the Coffee Shop Normies
To the dumbass normies behind me in line at the coffee shop:  STFU about gamestop. Here is the conversation I had the pleasure of enduring:  DN to other DN, "Do you understand what shorting a stock means?" Then I listen as he gives a piss poor explanation to his buddy about GME and hedge funds blah blah blah whatever.  Then he drops this paper hand bitch bomb on me, "I could care less about them (hedge fund firms, Melvin) going bankrupt or losing money. If I had shares I would just sell for a quick profit."  Well, it's a good thing you hate money because you would have sold at $19 like your mom sold your xbox to pay for crack. This is why you'll stay poor living in tiny-handed uncle Jack's basement.  This isn't about making money anymore, of course every one on WSB wants to get their tendies. But right now I know a lot of us are diamond handing GME to stick it to these asshole suits. I'm here and I'm holding (3 shares, I'm poor ok).  DIAMOND HANDS BOYS THIS IS NOT FINANCIAL ADVICE APE STRONG TOGETHER    EDIT: Yes this is a dear diary post, yes my wife's boyfriend took me out for coffee this morning- all of my 'can lose' money is tied up in GME, yes I'm a prick, yes I like this stock
Listen up kids on the Short bus. Here’s some colored pictures. Pull out your crayons.
LIVE VIEW AT THE WSB COLLECTIVE AFTER A SUCCESSFUL WEEK OF TANKING HEDGE FUNDS. ARRIBA CABALLEROS!
There’s a wave on the horizon and it’s made of $SLV. The red and silver lines have crossed 3x total. 1978, 2011, and yesterday. Graph tells the rest of the story:
Collectively we’ve lost   trillion dollars in a year. Now their is a frenzy to stop us from recouping a few billion!?! #KEEPSQUEEZING
An Open Letter To Wall Street from Main Street
No one will probably ever know or care who I am. I am a worker bee in the hive, and you Wall Street suits are the queen bees. I won't get any adulation, recognition, respect, or dignity from anyone likely ever. None of you may care about this story, but I'm going to tell it anyways.  I grew up in a relatively poor rural area that had already felt the effects of Wall Street's grip over Main Street. Many small businesses shutting down, no real good jobs available, no real way to move up in society in Small Town, USA. I, like many Americans was taught that education was important and I could just get a good job and that it would provide me enough comfort to live a good life. That was a lie.  I've had a long struggle in life with bouts of depression, self-doubt, etc. but one thing has been there no matter what. Video games.  What did I do:     During the 2008 financial crisis? I played video games.   When gas was nearly $5 a gallon? I played video games.   When everything went haywire after 2016? I played video games.   When COVID hit? I played video games.  I began investing in GME since 2018 on and off because I would exit the position sometimes when bad news hit, but I always liked the stock. Now, I didn't have some grand plan to short squeeze or know financials well enough to know this company was way more valuable like u/DeepFuckingValue or u/Uberkikz11. I just like video games and I LIKE THE STOCK. Why do I like the stock? Because they sell video games, and whenever I feel down I go down to good old GameStop and maybe pick up a game that's on sale as a pick-me-up. That's the one thing that's been a constant in an ever-evolving landscape that is modern society.  I sold GME during its early rally over $  hands I know) I had been trimming along the way because as someone who has yet to see five figures at a time on the screen, for me, my ape brain was scared to lose it.  So I don't care how much it cost that I bought 5 shares of GME Friday. If I lose 75% of my investment, so what. I'm giving back to a company that was always there for me no matter what. GameStop never let me down. That's why the more you billionaires I see crying about what is supposed to be a free market, the better.  CAN'T STOP, WON'T STOP, GAMESTOP  POWER TO THE PLAYERS  Signed,  [Random Person on the Internet]
Robinhood could’ve had it all...
Man their interface is just top tier in my opinion and buying/selling comes with such ease and aesthetically pleasing.  RH could’ve taken over all brokerages if they would have just implemented different types of investment accounts and features.  Too bad they fucked people over this last week (and have in the past).  I am a Schwab user, but I used RH in the past, and it’s such a shame they failed, but FUCK EM AND FUCK THEIR IPO!    BB, GME, AMC TO THE FUCKING STRATOSPHERE
Discussion: Diamond Hands Fund
What if there were a way to encourage people to have    ?    Many cryptocurrency models now have the ability to delegate control of an asset for a period of time.  What if there was a way of locking up GME shares into some sort of delegated fund or pool?  Is there some sort of fiduciary that we could send money too in order to allow them to buy and hold GME for a period of time, like a year or more.    Being able to demonstrate that a certain potential number of shares were effectively out of play for a year or more would send a big message.  I’d delegate a share for a year!
Repost of valuable information for someone without karma. File FOIA requests!
"Back in my day" of exposing shorty on SIRI, I submitted a FOIA request to SEC to provide the Fail To Deliver records. I identified in 2006 that this was a mechanism the Market Makers utilize to help propagate shorty's position while squeezing the longs artificially and scraping part of the $ from the transaction of every transaction while buying time for the shorts to shift position if it wasnt heading they're way. I tried posting a pic of the actual info I received to help the community, but reddit wouldnt allow it probably since I haven't been around here long. Start submitting FOIA requests NOW!
IF HE'S STILL HOLDING
If the hero we don't deserve is still holding then we need to HOLD. Buy more with whatever we could afford. A lot of people still don't understand what's going on. These greedy hedge funds have place a bet on GME, AMC and the likes that will only pay out to them if these companies go down in flame. They're trying to bankrupt these companies pretty much.   We need to hold until the 9th. Firms because have to report to FINRA on their shorts.  February 9th - FINRA will release the information to the public.  IF HE'S STILL HOLDING, I'M STILL HOLDING.
I know it’s non of our liking, but bittrex has listed GME, AMC and BB. Which means they are tradable 24/7 for everybody
Matrix chat for WSB
Hello my fellow autists,  In light of the recent censorship of our chats (I won't name the company, because fuck them), I have provisioned a Matrix server for WSB to use.  If you are not familiar with Matrix,  .  If you would like to access the service from the web interface, please use    If you already are familiar with Element (or another Matrix chat client), use the homeserver address  .  Please enjoy your censorship free E2E encrypted chats!   I will never sell your data, engage in censorship, or spy on you and thanks to the Matrix protocol I can't anyway!  Keep in mind the chat is open to anyone, so there could very well be boomers, reporters, Citadel employees, the CEO of Melvin Capital, or SEC lawyers on there.  PS: If you enjoy my work and want to help me pay the bill on the server, you can sponsor me at
BB closes on Friday CHEAP
Due to profit taking and RH restricting buying BB shares, BB has dropped from a high of 28 down to 14. GME has been dominating this sub lately, and for good reason, but if you haven't read about BB, check out some previous posts like these ones:       This is more a long term play, but I would guess that it will bounce back up in the short term. Also, do consider that eventually GME will squeeze or burn, and I think BB will be a stock that many here will flock to. It has huge potential and is similar to GME in that they are in the process of changing their business model around and have new deals and huge potential.  This is not financial advice, invest at your own discretion  3000 shares BB
A Switch for me, USD 1,000 for kids who want to play video games
Let's GOOO!!!!! Was able to buy just before close!!
This is more money then I'll make in a year. I could've sold at the start of the day. I'm still in.
Hagens Berman are our Atticus Finch!
What I do with my GME shares
And the media takes this guy seriously
Nokia is showing huge volume
My write-up was deleted by mods. Not sure why, so here is another post that will inevitably be deleted by some Melvin moderator.  $NOK =    That is all  If this post gets removed by mods, then $NOK =           +  The last two posts I tried to make were auto-removed, so I'm inclined to say that $NOK =                      +  If this keeps going on we could be seeing even more rockets than a SPACEX groupie (ofc they have groupies, did you think they masturbate with their salaries? You won't have to masturbate anymore either soon)  This is not financial advice of any kind. I'm not even saying to buy or sell or anything. Just telling you that there is huge bullish volume happening on $NOK and you should be aware of it.  If you Google "Nokia trade volume" you'll find plenty of information that you can form DD from for yourself if you are so inclined to do research.    Tl;dr $NOK buy volume high
Diamond Hands in Space
Gonna be tough for a lot of people
Short sellers down a net $54 billion on   positions so far this year, data provider says
Someone claiming to be from Business Insider reached out to me in regards to the king u/deepfuckingvalue. I hope I did good.
Amazon reacting to the market by discounting rentals of The Big Short
Why Days to Cover is a faulty metric and some opinions about the short squeeze
I'm seeing a lot of misinformation floating around with thousands of upvotes.  # IGNORE DAYS TO COVER  Days to cover is a faulty metric for evaluating situations such as this, because it uses average daily trading volume over 20 or 30 days. Volume has not been average recently.  Date   Short Volume    Total Volume    : --: 2021-01-29  	 8,814,229   43,937,351 2021-01-28	  9,606,123	  46,797,785 2021-01-27	  15,692,871	  90,516,825 2021-01-26   27,348,512   161,894,423 2021-01-25   27,342,770   177,874,000 2021-01-22   33,257,918   194,084,194 2021-01-21	  11,420,490   57,079,754 2021-01-20	  6,764,533	  33,471,789 2021-01-19   14,785,915	  74,721,924 2021-01-15   	8,433,389	   46,866,358           The idea that it will take shorts many days to close their positions seems absurd to me when you look at the volume numbers.   S3 Partners estimates that the current short interest is        What the Fintel and S3 Partners data tells me is that some shorts have closed their positions over the past week and been replaced by new shorts. I don't think Melvin Capital and Shitron were lying when they said they closed their positions. They have been replaced by other hedge funds. S3 Partners shares this view.     I want to dispel the notion that shorts can't possibly cover in one day. It would be a colossal rip the likes of which we've never seen before, but I think they can. I personally don't see that happening unless fear takes hold and enough of them decide to close their shorts at the same time. These guys have deep pockets though. We already knew that. Many of them entered at the highs or rolled their shorts to higher numbers. They can afford to wait, but so can we. This is simultaneously a game of chicken and musical chairs. Nobody here seriously believes that GameStop is currently worth these prices, but it doesn't matter. We knew this was a risky play from the beginning. Short interest is still over 100% of the float, meaning that when the music stops, it is entirely possible for every single retail trader to end up in a chair while hedge funds are left holding the bag for once. I fully expect Robinhood and other brokers, clearing houses, and DTC bullshit to continue along with media FUD. When that happened yesterday, people panicked, paper handed, and sold, allowing 5 million shorts to close their positions. The hedge funds are betting on YOU losing this game of chicken.  I think we have been in the short squeeze for a while now. The question is how it ends. The current short interest is still fairly high as some hedge funds have either doubled down or rotated out and new ones have taken their place. I expect that to continue. I'm not sure there's going to be a meteoric rise as hedge funds panic and t  each other in a run for the exits, but I think it's certainly possible for it to happen in one day. It may just continue along the current trajectory as they slowly close out their short positions. If they do it slowly, there won't be a painful rip. But, there is still rocket fuel left.  I don't know how this thing ends. I just wanted you to have as much information as possible, because I love you retards.   This is not financial advice. Merely some information and my opinions on what has happened and what is possible.
RH suggesting this article. Why? So we know what they’ll lock us out of next? I think not. I think it’s to shift focus off GME.
For those who have been around for a while: What are the most outlandish bets, gains, or losses you've seen on r/wallstreetbets?
GME / TSLA millionaires    Gourd     GUH!    1r0nyman    guy who drank a pee martini    guy who tattoo'd WSB on his butt    fscomeau    butt sharpies girl    PRPL    MSFT / AAPL / DIS calls    Quadruple witching    pleas fly again    peso dude    shrimp    powerball retard
Now Topps Wants In On The Action... WSB Trading Cards!
Why I am in GME
To be honest I am in this sub to make money, I think everybody is... I was hesitating going into GME because I don't know if we the retail investors can keep up with the hedgefonds. But today I realized that this situation we are in is so unique that I am actually willing to lose money in order to fuck the hedgefonds. I just put 2% of my portfolio into GME and I will hold until GME hits $5000, not selling before that amount. I am ready to lose it I don't care. Everyone should think about it. A small amount is enough just keep holding the stock!!!1I think we will have to hold FOR MONTHS because the hedge cunts have enough time to cover. We need to have stemina. Never felt so good to be -20%, its for a good cause and it's all about to be a part of it. Don't give me awards, buy GME instead.
Stand by, stand by, the rocket is ready to fly!
They don't care about you, the police protect the rich. It's literally a statue over market manipulation against the plebs.
Growing our cult - New tard wants to speak.
Friends, tards, news narcs, moonship mechanics and autists.   Another retard has joined us in falling in line against big bad Melvin. We have strict posting rules here, to keep less retarded and less influenced members from spreading their grooved brain ways and corrupting us.   He wants to feel the embrace of such retard strength.    He purchased GME AMC and BB some options and some shares.   He wanted to post and make sure he's retarding right, because being retarded it can be confusing to know what's really right and what's everyone else's right.  For this new retard recruit, let's welcome him aboard and let him know what he should be aiming for with these squeeze situations.   I told him GME is over 1k    AMC seems to be 250-500.  BB I see being a more difficult one to PT - mainly because it's not one of these fuck Melvin and the shorts squeezes.  Welcome EDyke!
Feel the Squeeze
Interesting Call Options Activity today for GME 2/5 Strike date
EDIT: Ok so I thought this was something interesting but it turns out this was something some people here may or may not have done to maybe bypass the purchase limit imposed by RH today. Maybe there was a post, maybe there wasn't but it was deleted. I am so proud of you all   Hello ladies and gents,  What a week. What. A. Week. Congrats to all of you that held. To all you that sold, thanks for the shares, I'll send you a personalized postcard from Mars.  I was watching the Options Chain for next week closely today on Schwab and I want to call attention to the $800c ending next week. Now before I go into the volume of trades, I want to note that the price range of this contract didnt move much. Opened at $47 per share dipped a bunch and closed out today flat. Now to the volume of this puppy. There were a total of   10,500   calls purchased today. The second highest call option volume on this chain was the $570c with a little over 1,000.  Let me do some simple math for you sexy smooth-brainers:  $4700 (cost per contract) \  10,542 =   $49,547,400    Now I am not sure if this is just a collective group of us just going straight YOLO and feelin ourselves (i mean we have been making a good chunk of change) but this is a MASSIVE order that consistently piled on throughout the day.  Institutional buyers getting ready for the price to continue chugging forward next week?  WSBabes figuring they YOLO on all the cash they made from closing ITM calls today?  Shorts trying to get some tendies as this week's call contracts 300 and below are ITM?  Find out on next week's episode of "How many Billions can Steve Cohen Lose"!
Apparently this week's been stressful. I'm pretty relaxed on my 600+% GME. There's still time to diversify 100% into GME Next week!
We did it boys. Closed high, gonna see the real pain next week. They brought down the market, next week it's their turn to go down!  Sitting on 64 shares @   All in 110% from the first purchase.  BUY AND HOLD GME BROTHERS AND SISTERS! WE ARE WINNING!
Still virgin but rich
WE LIKE THE STOCK!
Number of #GME 1/29 Calls that expired in the money
Can someone please check my math/understanding on the following?     I took the call graph from  , threw it in excel, added up the total "open interest" column and multiplied it by 100. It came to the following:   call options for   million shares expired ITM today  . That's 20% of the float.     I'm a noob so I'm not sure how many of these will be cash settled or share settled. But if even 20% of these are share settled, then that's   shares that need to be provided to individuals whose options were exercised.     This is likely very good for us as it will increase buying pressure by MM's,  decrease share liquidity and makes it harder for the shorters to cover. However there is also a potential down side as many of those call options could have been purchased by the shorters during their short ladder attacks. This would allow them to generate gains on the way back up so they can continue to fund their short position and manipulation tactics.     Please let me know if any of you OG's can help clear up any of my misconceptions?        Edit: Thank you for clearing up my error! (I multiplied the open interest by 1000 the first time)   million shares is MUCH more reasonable. But still great! Keep holding boys!        Obligatory: HOLD GME
38k CAD yolo CRSR
RH Restricts 50+ New Stocks!
PSA to people looking to change from Robin Hood (our other corrupt brokers)
TLDR - Slowly liquidate your RH account and transfer cash into another broker instead of initiating a transfer. Also the non angry rant parts are in bold.  We know you want to dump them and you bloody well should.    What you should not do is initiate a transfer.    Protect your tendies and play your positions otherwise you'll be  cutting off the nose to spite the face.    A transfer will lock your account and take a little over a week, probably longer as there might be a spike.      It also costs you $75.      What you should do is open a new brokerage account ASAP.   Wire some dollars in to fund it as some brokers are more strict until your first funds clear. Also to give time for the identity checks to happen.   (Someone please post the image with Brokers that didn't restrict)     As your positions finish in Robin Hood (  sell out). You should move the cash to the new broker and start new positions.    I know it's frustrating but imagine getting stuck in something like this again! RH just stopped   as well.  They are so evil that they limit to one so they can tell and have the media report that buying is limited.  What the fuck reason does someone have to own one $20 stock?!?  It's a halt!    Then when you have transferred the last of your tendies.    #DELETE THE ACCOUNT!  RH is coming up on an IPO. Lessen their account numbers! Hit them where it hurts.  Do you keep your Wendy's tendies box when you've finished stuffing them down your gob?  No, you throw it the fuck away.  No one is gonna be cross at you for using them for a bit longer while you properly extract your positions.  Good luck
We are the real Robin Hood
hi papa RC and   i exercising properly?! exercised 10 contracts early.$22k for 1k shares
In honor of the legend after seeing that WSJ article. Someone can probably do it a lot better than me, but would be cool to see on the logo if even temporarily.
GME is actually criminally undervalued and is poised to be the next trillion dollar company.
Mods: Please don’t delete, hear me out  TLDR: GameStop’s long-term success is not a meme. They are actually poised to be the next trillion-dollar company. They are still highly undervalued despite the risk.   Long Rant: I am not a financial advisor. I’m just a simple ape that wants a better future for us all.  I started investing in my early 20’s back in 2011. I’ve actually avoided wallstreetbets for a long time because YOLO and loss porn were never my cup of tea. But somewhere along the way you all grew up. You found out the difference between gambling and investing. You see, I’ve always been of the opinion that any type of short-term strategy is gambling when it comes to buying or selling stock. Markets are susceptible to wild fluctuation and you are a fool if you think you can time the market for a perfect quick flip. I’ve avoided options and have never taken a short position because I understand just how risky they can be, exposing yourself to potentially unlimited losses is something only the stupidest people are willing to do and they do not deserve to call themselves investors. To be an investor there is only one true strategy and that is buy and HOLD!!!!!!  I remember back in 2012 I read an article about a little-known company at the time called Tesla Motors. They had just announced their model S and I really liked that company. So I bought some shares which at the time cost my $27 each. I held those shares and I waited until model S deliveries started arriving on doorsteps. I waited until charging stations cropped up all over the country. I waited until they announced gigafactories and energy storage. And in 2015 I sold my shares for about $270 per share. I remember bragging about my gains at the time like a paper handed little bitch.   I don’t brag about that anymore. If I would have held on to those shares my life would be in a completely different place now financially. This was one of the hardest lessons I’ve ever learned as an investor and I don’t intend on making it again.  Enough about me, let me tell you why GME is the next trillion-dollar company and why I’m holding my measly 15 shares at $298 until I pass them down to my daughter in my will.  First, let me talk about the power of a brand by looking at a company like Apple. In 2001 Apple was also at an all time low. Considered to be a failing company at the time they released a new mp3 layer called the ipod which gained them tremendous appeal amongst a younger generation of customers. Since then Apple has spent billions of dollars per year in marketing and product placements to maintain mass appeal for their brand among young people which are the most difficult demographic to market to. Apple today is worth $2 trillion dollars as a company. And you know what?!  I don’t like Apple. They make overpriced hardware and with overly restrictive software and use subliminal brainwashing tactics to trick you into buying their crappy products.  But Gamestop? I really like Gamestop, here’s why.  Gamestop, much like Apple in 2001 doesn’t look like much on paper, but none of that matters. Because, without spending a single dollar, overnight, GME has become the most beloved brand among younger people. That is incredibly powerful. Never before have so many individuals been this enthusiastically invested in the long-term success of any company.  GameStop has gotten massive amounts of free PR and had undying loyalty from millions of individuals that are not only investors, but customers as well. This whole movement is being driven by GameStop’s loyal customer base. This is monumental!!!  If I were GameStop’s CEO I would be so giddy right now. Their company has been adopted by the wsb community. It is our child. I would never sell my child. There is no price high enough to sacrifice my own children. GameStop is poised for a very bright future because there isn’t a single new product or pivot that this loyal, undying customer and investor base won’t be on board with. New streaming service? Esports league? Eggs? I don’t care, I’m buying it.  I keep hearing all this bullshit from boomers who think they are experts, and they keep saying GameStop isn’t worth their current price. This is Bullshit! They are lying to put fear into you. GameStop is actually worth so much more! $1,000 per share is not a meme, $10,000 per share is not a meme. In twenty years GameStop will be worth more than Apple, Google, and Amazon combined. Why? Because it is OUR company, not their company. We just bought it, it’s ours and we will make sure it is the best one!  Do not be a paper handed fool that falls for all the bullshit fear from media sources and idiots who are in the pockets of hedge funds and short term gamblers. That’s all they are. Morons who would’ve bet against Apple in 2001.   Diamond hands is not a meme either. It is the simplest and most legitimate form of investing. Buying a stock that you like and holding it until you retire is exactly how you become a millionaire. It’s a strategy that’s good enough for Warren Buffet and it’s good enough for us. Think of all the paper handed pussies that sold Apple in 2001. Is that what you want this to be? The time you made a small buck quickly and missed out on true long-term wealth?  As far as I’m concerned there is only one thing that GME can do to mess this up. And that is to turn against us. Don’t dilute shares, don’t bail out the short sellers that were so eager to shutter your doors and ruin your business. We believe in you and will support you so don’t let us down.  As long as GameStop is loyal to us, the investors. Their future is very bright. Any industry or pivot they would like to pursue is immediately theirs because they have our undying support.  Amazon, Google, Apple… I don’t like them. But GameStop? I really really like them a lot. I don’t want a Gmail any more, let me get a GameStop mail. I don’t want prime any more, I want GameStop! I don’t want an iPhone, I want GameStop!  Diamond emoji, Hands emoji, Rocket emoji, Moon emoji !!!
We need to get gamestops attention
--MAKE GAMESTOP GREAT AGAIN   -  Yes I'm well aware we likely have their attention as it is. But I mean from a shareholders perspective. The market is looking at us like we're driving the price through the roof plain and simply to dump it later when all is said and done. BUT if we can convince gamestop to use this new found fortune of theirs and do some serious rebranding and expansion, we could make a true argument for the value of the stock. We are not investing for what the company is CURRENTLY worth, we are investing for what the company can be worth. That has always been the idea of the market from the beginning. Invest in them to take your money and do great things with it.  I remember as a kid going to midnight releases with hundreds up people to wait for the new edition of halo, or world of warcraft expansion. Gamestop created communities in the day, introduced friendships. And I want to see them give me that sense of connection to the world again.  My immediate thoughts would be e-sports, they could be the fanduel or draftkings of the gaming world. Host competitions for league of legends, cs:go, fortnite, whatever.  Obviously the run-up with the chewy co-founder has brought them into E-commerce has helped but we need something huge for gamestop to really capitalize on, with that set in place there would literally be no way to fail (even more so than we can't fail already) but with THIS it would also be justifiable in the case that the law comes down upon us  Welcome ideas in the comments please,  MAKE GAMESTOP GREAT AGAIN
Everyone in debt is short on the Dollar. 2008 was a short squeeze for the Dollar itself.
Just realzied that this why the federal reserve is so afriad of deflation. When the dollar increases in value it squeezes everyone that is short on the dollar aka people in debt. The US itself has a short position in the dollar of      Trillion Dollars.   This is known as the  US national Debt.     What we saw in February 2020 before Jpow turned on the printer was the start of a short squeeze on the US Dollar. If 100% of the american people stop spending becuase they are buying Gamestop instead, the economy grinds to a halt and the squeeze on the US Dollar happens again. You can already see that SPY has been dropping since Gamestop starting mooning. Get ready boys, the dollar is getting squeezed again. This is why regulators and billionaires are panicing. you guys are making SPY go down. You guys are creating a bigger short squeeze than just gamestop, the dollar is getting squeezed too. Think about it
I love seeing the way that some of you retards are spending your money
All the charity shit is fucking motivating. Do you think those hedges would ever donate the money they made fucking over legendary brands and losing people jobs? Fuck no, they’re assholes. I’m expecting a MrBeast style effort from y’all the next few days. I’m not planning on selling my AMC any fuckin time soon, but when I do, I’m gonna make sure some random people get their Amazon wishlists fulfilled. Everyone in this country got fucked in 2008, so when we get that money back, we should really fuck over those hedge funds even more by showing the world how much wealth they’ve been deprived of.
The crash theory is...... BS
The market has flowed due to the MM for the last century....   MM SAYS “the value is tooo high!” they do this with the Pooh bear meme. All high and mighty with numbers and lines.   The downward ticking starts and ppl start to sell because “the value is toooo high”   They make the call they make the most money, then when the value is “correct” they buy in and ride back up because the masses follow them!    Well now we are the MM and we say the value is too low. For everything! Let’s make money for 5-10 years.    TLDR : big mad says go down ! But I can’t hear because I’m watching keep rubicon big out kit videos on you tube.
Market cap weighted ETFs will be forced to buy GME soon.
My theory is that shorts aren't going to give up, expecting a dump next week. Then next week. Then next week...  It doesn't happen. At this point, months have gone on. GME no longer rises 100% a day, but is much higher than it is now.   Algo bots have at this point classified the stock as trading with high valuation. They buy the dips. People still refuse to sell. Shorts haven't given up, thinking any dip is a good time to short.  Could really see this happening. Not concerned about it dumping anytime soon. If it does, it's probably MM shorting the entire float again.
Get ready for FUD (Fear Uncertainty Doubt)   on the weekend. It's already starting.
The number of posts with supposed "level headed" advice about how a short squeeze is much more difficult to achieve than we all think, how other stocks are also valuable, and how the strong and powerful hedge funds have much more cards up their sleeve and to "rethink your strategy" but still "Go GME!! I am one of you guys!", always with a few rewards sticked to them, is exploding and will be getting progressively worse in the weekend most certainly.  Does a post sow Fear, or Uncertainty, or Doubt in any way in you? Think for yourself.  Hedge Fund interns have now learned how reddit works and want to part you with your GME shares.  ALWAYS check the up / downvote ratio and read the comments before getting swayed by whatever semi correct sounding bullshit they're spouting. Oh how desperate they now have become.  I LIKE THE STOCK.
The anatomy of a short attack. Everyone needs to see this to understand what is going on with GME.
Click the link. Couldn't publish this as a direct link cuz automod.
Godzilla vs Kong Short Squeeze!
One step closer  🤲
Check the video out on Twitter. Beautifully put. We have to keep going because I really like this stock. $GME
Stop thinking you can accomplish short squeezes on other stocks
Every other post is "ShOrT SqUeEzE" on AMC NOK BB etc. I even saw a post on a short squeeze on Silver and Gold.  This is getting ridiculous. You all are posting or trying to rush to the next company to try to get in cheap because you believed you missed out on the GME short squeeze, WHEN THE GME SQUEEZE HASN'T EVEN OCCURRED YET. All your posts about AMC and NOK are lazy and the only theory you have as to why the price for these companies are going up is because you can squeeze the shorts on these companies and beat the hedge funds. Lots of people have already lost money on these stocks on Thursday.  FLASHBACK to several months before GME exploded and this sub gained millions of new followers, there was a fundamental bull thesis for GME as a company and their future prospects. That's why many of us, including myself, got in early when the price was between $10-$20. GME was not going bankrupt despite the narrative behind it. They had cash on hand to pay down debt. They are going to crush their Q4 earnings because of console sales and historically have done very well during game console releases. They have revenue sharing agreements with Microsoft. They are opening gaming centers. Their 1000+ retail locations can be transformed to distribution centers. Their ecommerce is rapidly growing every year. Ryan Cohen and the new board members are yelling at the boomers running GME and telling them what they need to do in this new era of gaming and digital.  The short interest + squeeze on GME is CHERRY ON TOP. And the timing of catalysts because of console release, Q4 earnings, and digital sales because of the pandemic puts GME owners in a unique spot to capitalize on the shitty positions shorters find themselves now to be squeezed.  TLDR: Before you blindly throw your money at AMC and NOK because of "short squeeze" think about whether or not there are going to be any catalysts and bull cases as to why the stock price should be going up to potentially trigger a squeeze or else you'll be left holding major bags.   Position: In at $GME since December with cost avg. of $
Know who’s on the other side of your trade
I find the following to be very interesting:  First: let me confess that I sold a percentage of my shares but let me tell you why.   I bought in at $40, sold, and bought back in at $97 and again at $140. Thursday afternoon, my girlfriend comes home from work and tells me that after three years of trying, she’s pregnant. I’m going to be a dad!  I’m absolutely shook with excitement and the rest of the day was us just talking about it. Bedtime comes around and I’m laying awake, thinking, diapers are fucking expensive and 3k buys a lot of diapers. I need my original investment back. But what is my plan?  I set a sell order at   for 8 shares. The amount of my original investment. I pick that number because, well, it’s not   and I know there are a ton of retards with sell orders at that price. I needed something well below that and 8 shares at   just happened to coincide perfectly with my original investment.   The next morning, I wake up to a massive spike pre-market and I know, I got a chance. The market opens and for the first minute, the stock shot up and at 9:31 EST, my sell order for 8 shares at   was completed. I had back my original investment and everything going forward is now a free ride. The stock briefly touches   and you can look at the charts to know what happened next.      This morning   I’m reading a post here on WSB and I see a post from a guy saying that he bought at 409 and I’m thinking “the stock has only touched that price 4 times, what if...”  I read a few of his posts and learn that he bought 8 shares at 409, so I asked him if he bought them at at 9:31 EST and he replied in the affirmative. I asked him “was the price actually  ” And again. Affirmative. I realize that yes, this is most likely the other side of my trade. A fucking retard, just like me.    What does this mean? It means that Melvin Capital is likely NOT buying our shares at 409, that much I can gather, but what else could it tell us? The odds of finding the other side of my trade on WSB are probably astronomical, considering how many shares were traded that day, so I’m blown away by that possibility, but I’d love some smart people to weigh in on the odds of that occurrence, and what else it might possibly tell us.   (You can check my post history to see the interaction. I may provide further proof if anyone is interested)  Edit: I didn’t even mention I’m talking about GME. sorry.
Hedge fund billionaire Steve Cohen leaves Twitter after family receives threats amid GameStop backlash
PLEAS FLY AGAIN. Mods I also understand if this warrants some blue whales vagina flair or some    shit. Don’t worry boys, once I saw the Friday bounce I’m back in. Been holding 3,286 shares at $  this whole time    until Thursday morning. GUHHHHH
#NEVERSELL
Germany is holding the line. Other then CNBC these guys don't talk shit about GME. They even doubt that melvin closed his position! We like the stock!
Both are retarded, but whose side would you rather be on?
Get ready for FUD (Fear Uncertainty Doubt)
TL;CR: meanies make ape doubt. use monke brain.   The number of posts with supposed "level headed" advice about how a tall squeeze is much more difficult to achieve than we all think, how other stocks are also valuable, and how the strong and powerful hedge funds have much more cards up their sleeve and to "rethink your strategy" but still "Go $GME!! I am one of you guys!", always with a few rewards sticked to them, is exploding and will be getting progressively worse in the weekend most certainly.  Does a post sow Fear, or Uncertainty, or Doubt in any way in you? Think for yourself.  Hedge Fund interns have now learned how reddit works and want to separate you with your GME shares. We have 7M subs now, from   last week. There are impostors among us.  ALWAYS check the up / downvote ratio and read the comments before getting swayed by whatever semi correct sounding bearshit they're spouting. Oh how desperate they now have become.  I LIKE THE STOCK.  This is not financial advice. I eat crayons & need colorful UI.    #👾  #   #   #
Every hedge fund in the country right now...
APES   STRONGER   TOGETHER
TFW when you paid more interest in 1 month than autists have lost in the entire existence of WSB
How to not paper hand for Robinhood Users
Alright you degenerates. The pressure is on.   I know a lot you aren't seasoned like many are here.  Maybe you are just now developing your diamond hands like me.   But in case you're not, and you're wondering if you're going to shit all your didlos out your ass, I have ONE SIMPLE TRICK that will turn your paper hands into    overnight!!  THIS TIP IS NOT FINANCIAL ADVICE. Do what you want.   But what I just did is galaxy brain level. And you can do it too (if you want)!  Instead of nail-biting this next week wondering if I will be able to sell or hold out during the bullshit the hedgies are going to no doubt pull, I transferred everything OUT OF ROBINHOOD and INTO FIDELITY.   My stonks will be traveling in the void for DAYS!!   Can't sell if you can't sell  points to head . This is going to take longer than next week. Re-frame your expectations.   Tl;dr: FUCK ROBINHOOD    💪
Don't Get Blinded By Rage...
Hello my fellow tards (old and new),  Increasingly we've been seeing posts and comments from Redditors who have purchased GME and similar shorted positions with a primary interest in exacting revenge against the billionaire hedge funds.  That’s all good and fine.  I totally resonate with that message and honestly, fuck ‘em.  They set the rules in their favour and are now upset that we’ve found a way to exploit it.    THAT SAID, I’ve also seen people taking incredible financial risks and self-destructive behaviour in the interest of “sticking it to the man”.  We may be retarded but don’t be fucking stupid.  At the end of the day, these big fish are gonna lose a couple billion that they manage for others, cry a little, and then go home to their mansions, yachts, jets, mail-order brides and their boyfriends, etc.  If anything they’ll go to Congress and set the rules even more squarely in their favour.  Wanna know how we can exact revenge against the system?  Learn it.  Use it.  Get rich yourself.  Then if you so wish, change the system however you please.  Don’t go broke for this.  I guarantee you, we’re annoying as fuck to them, but at the end of the day, they’re still going to be better off than any of us.  GME TO FUCKING ANDROMEDA          Positions: $8000 in GME Shares which I'll hold til my hands fucking crystallize. Obligatory, mods are gay and we love you; don't fucking delete this.  TLDR: Get rich, not poor.    To any boomer from CNBC reading this… Omfg, the highlight of my week has been watching a bunch of fucking millennial retards with a phone make you REEEEEEE on national TV 🤡
5K IS NOT A JOKE, 10K IS NOT A JOKE
I hope you retards know that this is the most shorted stock in HISTORY, I've seen a lot of people boasting about 140% shorted. That was BEFORE shitron tried to short more prices while we couldn't buy.   drove this stock up before the squeeze we'd all be billionaires. Obviously thats not going to happen so dont worry about crashing the economy BUT that doesnt mean a lot of people can't still get on this rocket. We've seen incredible out reach from this community, we've gotten media attention and theyre scared shitless. Theyre trying so hard to stop this price from rising but it won't stop us. It's not too late to get in. WE WILL HOLD AND WE WILL PROFIT OFF THIER BET. WE LIKE THE STOCK!               EDIT: "What is Days To Cover? Days to cover, also called short ratio, measures the expected number of days to close out a company's issued shares that have been shorted. It measures a company's issued shares that are currently shorted and divides that by the average daily trading volume to give an approximation of the time required, expressed in days, to close out those short positions." -    Not exactly 6 days but we keep holding which makes their interest go up, margin calls will be issued, HOLD TIL THEY FOLD
GameStop: Why this time is different- Open letter to WallStreet and CNBC
Dear WallStreet and CNBC,  You have been calling this a speculative bubble, that GameStop will ultimately crash down to earth, and that the “little guys” are going to get hurt. Jim Cramer wants us to “take your home run” and sell. You use words like “fundamentals” and “valuations” and says that the stock price is not justified.   Here’s the fundamental: I am an ER doctor that trained in inner city Detroit. When I was a resident physician, Obama was president. During his presidency, the quality of life of the predominantly African-Americans in the city did not improve. Despite Obamacare, I saw little improvement in the health outcomes of the patients I worked with. I saw continued proliferation of illicit drugs, overdoses, and gang violence. YOU have left these people behind.  I spent the last several years working in a small town in the Midwest, when Trump was president. During his presidency, the quality of life of the predominantly white Americans also did not improve, and have in fact worsened. I saw continued proliferation of illicit drugs, overdoses, and suicides. These patients I care for are also people whom YOU have left behind.   With the pandemic, I have seen those who are already at the brink of financial solvency lose their jobs and I see lines outside food banks. I see the health outcomes of my patients decline as they forego preventive care. I, on the other hand, kept my job, got a raise, and saw the value of my 401k rise as the economy crashed around me. Going to work every day is a constant and stark reminder of the brokenness and disparity of the economic system and my sheer powerlessness to change it. I realize now that it is not political. It is YOU.  I own GameStop because represents something to me. It is the very embodiment of the millennial generation that you have left behind- a down-and-out aging retailer that you feel is no longer worth investing in. We ARE GameStop. We are not selling because we believe in ourselves and investing in ourselves. We WANT to see it succeed.  I am fully aware that I have benefited from having a 401k and it is what is supporting your industry. But this also means that YOU work for ME. I fully expect you to fuck over my generation to save yourselves by running to the politicians and regulators that you have bought to stop the squeeze and get them to suspend trading on $GME. It is not lost on us that the former Fed chair Ben Bernanke is a senior advisor at Citadel and that you paid Janet Yellen $800,000 in speaking fees. You will tell them that this is a “systemic risk” and that this will “crash the entire financial system”. You will remind them what happened after they let Lehman Brothers fail in 2008. Don’t.  If you are a politician or a regulator reading this, don’t listen to their bullshit. If you intervene, stop trading of $GME, bail out hedge funds and big banks like you have in the past and try to placate us by dragging a few hedge fund managers in front of a congressional hearing, you’ll unite the entire country against YOU. Make sure you are on the right side of this. You work for US too.   This country is broken and fractured. You have goaded us into tearing each other apart for years. This is the first time that I have seen the entire country rally behind a single cause. You have given us a reason to unite- against you and the system you have built and upheld.   I own GameStop not because Diamond Hands. I own GameStop because I AM GameStop. I am choosing to invest in my generation, and selling would be selling myself out.
At the age of 15 I made 250,000 from 3000 then held through the dip stay strong my fellow apes
For the WSB  ’s
I’ve scrolled through this sub on a daily basis for a few years now. I’ve made a shit load of money because of the advice in this sub. I’ve lost a shit load of money because of the advice in this sub... lol I see a few other subs I follow trying to mimic the “culture” wsb had.  The comments were just as volatile as the market and you had to have a set of balls to participate in either. I fully encourage the new investor mindset that is currently saturating social media, but this sub has gained millions of new followers in days and they don’t know how to satisfy my kink for being bullied after losing on all of my plays for the month. I remember building my portfolio up and going all in at the beginning of the pandemic on some inovio calls, I lost 90% of all my hard work and wanted to shoot my dick off, sadly I spent all my money on calls and couldn’t afford a gun so I settled for the self harm revolving door of wsb. I feel like me and a bunch of my nerdy friends had a party, and people actually started to show up but we were already fucked up when they got to the party and now we’re separated and I just want to find my way back to my friends but still enjoy the party ya know?    For all the pre-gme and Tesla homies, the times they are a changin.. enjoy the weekend and look at the filthy mess you’ve made. You dirty bastards 😽
GME or AMC?
Edit: the answer is both. Fuck the rich
Explanation given for why trades being restricted
Watched Rossman's video yesterday that included the Webull CEO explaining the mechanics of how the trades work and WHY trade restrictions started happening. Very interesting. Being a total newb though, VERY curious (like Louis) to hear what those far more knowledgeable have to say about Denier's explanation. Hold water?
What to invest into and with what app? I'm new and would like to ask for help from experienced people.
I have only 55 euros and I would like to invest into something to get the experience of trading. Any help, tips, or suggestions?
Is it too late to buy GME? I'd like to help n fck these wealthy whales
What's the gameplan right now? Do they still owe stocks? Do they still have money?
Retarded Independence 🏴‍☠️🏴‍☠️🏴‍☠️
Us retards have displayed insurmountable force against oppression. But the hedgies in the establishment have learned something: AUTISM CAN NEVER BE SUPPRESSED! They should have learned from all the doctors and scientists that tried stopping it long ago but no, they rolled their die and autism is prevailing. But the corporate establish is still trying to stop Autism.   It is clear now that us retards from all nations must band together and form our own nation. The majority is on our side. It will be a retarded revolution, we will call it Tardistan! We will have our own stock exchange where making serious and rational investments is banned. Gamestop memes will be currency. I've ran calculations, and assuming that statistically 90% of people are retard we will have the  strongest economy in the world
What's the best trading app to use, not just for GME, but which is best?
I'm looking to start trying my hand at the stock market as of next year, what's a good place to start?  Thanks guys,   New question, why are there so many?
The non-RobinHood of Canada. The only place where you can hold for free. FREE $10 when you trade with WealthSimple, so you can hold and go to the 🌜.
Remember that they are watching us! Smile and say “fuck off”. The people is wining!
We know the hedge fund is reading every single post is publish here, they want to know our moves, so let’s get all the retards together and tell them what we think about it! The people got together, and while the 1% have being fucking us for years, now is our turn! People together always win!!! Let’s do this my retards!!!    👩‍ 👩‍
Joining the crew
Hi! Im a retard from Chile that was looking for a quick buck. But after reading a lot of posts from this reddit, I really want to say I have a new found admiration for you guys. I truly respect you.  On Monday 9AM I buy $200 of $GME. Its not much, but its all I can do, so I'll do it. And I'll hold them to either to hell or the moon. I dont care anymore.  Chile is with you! WE HOLD!
Is a man not entitled to the sweat of his brow?
I am your wife's boyfriend, and I'm here to ask you a question. Is a man not entitled to the sweat of his brow? 'No!' says the man in Wall Street, 'It belongs to the Hedge Funds.' 'No!' says the man in Shitron, 'It belongs to me.' 'No!' says the man in Robinhood, 'It belongs to my masters.'   I rejected those answers; instead, I chose something different.   I chose the impossible.   I chose... GME, a stonk where the retail investor would not fear the shaft, where the chad would not be bound by petty brokerage apps, Where the great would not be constrained by the small! And with the sweat of your brow, GME can become your stonk as well.  See you all on pluto.   Not financial advice. I am not a registered financial services provider, just a retard
Listen up Retards
I am a retard, no one listen to me, be careful out there astronauts.  Edit:. I have been schooled in what float is, forgive my ignorance, and disregard this theory.  Carry on.
This subreddit is not just about GME
I see GME holders attacking people who are promoting Stocks like AMC as bots and call for bans or deleting AMC posts. This is getting ridiculous. Stop being so arrogant. AMC is not a distraction. Around 80% of the shares are shorted so it is not a conspiracy of the media or hedge funds to distract people from GME. Many people lost the GME train so what is wrong about looking for other heavily shorted stocks. At this point you follow the way and thinking of the hedge funds. Let everyone got a piece of the cake. Note: I was early invested and i still have some GME shares left and i am invested in AMC. We are all in the same boat against the big players so don't fight each other. We need to support each other.
Bought a billboard in Compton CA for all next week! Doing my part! (File is formatted for billboards btw)
Hi folks, new here but not to investing.
Did I miss out on NOK?
Stock Transfer Retardation
So with robinhood fucking everyone over, I got a bit pissed and decided to be retarded and initiate a transfer of my GME holdings but after taking and bit and reading up, I realized that wasn’t the greatest decision in the world, but it is too late to cancel it. So I have a couple of options now, I can either just let the transfer go through, or I can sell a partial amount of my gme shares to stop it. If I do the second option what potential repercussions can I expect? And more importantly will it work? (The broker of transfer is WeBull)
News reporters looking at WSB and all they see is memes but stonks keep going up.
We like the stock AND we like the store! If the company succeeds so will we! We will also be helping the employees / fellow tards working there. Help out your local community! I’m doing my part, are you? Autists, Roll Out! #OccupyGameStop
Article says GME set to stay at $300 for 400 days.
GTFO of GME - We are in a fraudulent market
I was right there with you guys.  “Hold” “To the Moon” “Fuck Melvin!”  And all the     I could find.  I thought... “this is great! I’ll make some money, pay off my credit cards, maybe surprise my wife with something, and if it goes  really well  I can tell my wife she can stay home with our two young boys without having to worry about work”.  One can dream.  But now here we are.. day whatever.    guess what?!  THURSDAY happened.  The day we all got screwed.  Not just Robinhood accounts blocking specific transactions aimed at tanking specific stocks, but TD Ameritrade; ETrade, and likely many others.   We all knew the risks when investing - but we all assumed we were all living and taking our risk within a defined and unchanging set of rules.  On Thursday we saw an abuse of power. I only lost $2500.. I wonder how many people lost so much more.. but when I got out I  hoped  WSB sentiment would be “hold  if you can lose it all  but please take out your profits now  if what you make today will make anything in your life better  - because a lot of people are betting with money they truly can’t afford to lose.  The only thing was that Friday was the next day - and there was one good reason to wait for Friday.    FRIDAY WAS WHEN WE LOST.    Gamma squeeze. If we could hold $200 share price - there should have been a surge in price increase due to the insane amount of ITM options that were exporting that day. Share price was over $200 for most of the day - and finished  well above  $200.  So what happened?   nothing  . The hedge funds continued to manipulate the market not only with insanely unfair algo trading, but by continuing to influence brokers to fuck everybody from trading how they wanted to.    You have to get that.    -	Manipulating the brokers. -	Taking out  more  shorts even over 100% -	Calling on buddies to tap into more $billions to fund it all.  The gamma squeeze did not happen because those puppet masters are able to control the market, and they can maneuver better than you can, and they have endless access to capital - plain and simple.  They are going to take out MORE shorts when it’s at $400 and pay them down when it’s at $300, or $150, or whatever.    They will slowly bleed you dry.    They (hedge funds) can ride that wave over and over - with more speed and sophistication than you guys will currently allow yourselves to believe and again - not everybody can afford to lose without serious consequences.  All this to say I’m tired. I’m tired of putting in  most  of my energy and all of my day towards this. I’m   ashamed   that you people are telling those with stories of pulling profits and buying stuff for loved ones or paying off debts is a bad move because they “need to hold”. Seeing stuff like that makes me start drawing correlations with extremists - blurring the lines of support and delusion.  I’m gonna go back to enjoying my time with family and next week will be back to my normal routine of finding a stock to day trade and pouring profits into long term investments that aren’t so absolutely bat shit insane.     TL/DR:    This “movement” went from good, to great, to exciting as hell, to all consuming, to insane, to denial en masse, and now delusion is rearing its ugly head - so I’m out.  Good luck to all who are still holding positions. I hope you all get out without injury.
I LOVE YOU ALL! I LOVE WHAT WE’VE DONE
Personally I don’t care about the money. I love to be apart of the wave that is after the man. I’m so proud of every single person in this. Every person with       i was briefly a millionaire for about 15 minutes this week before robinhood restricted new buys but IM NOT FUCKING SELLING IDGAF
Just remember what’s going on this weekend.
Remember what’s going on while you’re kicking back drinking a cold one, and fantasizing about bleeding these hedge funds to death.   Yes, while your wife and her boyfriend plan on what they’re  going to do with your portion of the wealth redistribution that is GME.   While you’re laughing with your wife’s boyfriend at all the memes, and generally having a good relaxing weekend, while realizing that Monday’s don’t seem so bad anymore.   These hedge fund bastards aren’t resting. They’re fucking panicking. They aren’t sleeping well, and any drinks they have are to steady their nerves. They’re talking to their lawyers, their wives are looking for boyfriends, and the constant reminder that they’re still over 100% short looms over their heads like a guillotine in the French Revolution.   We’re coming, and while we enjoy life the way it always has been for us they are worried they may have to live less like kings. They’re worried about losing their money, and some of them their freedom.   They are calling, planning, plotting, trying to find a way to avoid holding the bags after this shit goes nuclear. But the bottom line is they fucked up, and we found it.   We’ve already changed the way the finance game works for these hedge fund fucks. We know now that some brokers are using us and our info to give these fucks yet another advantage over us, and we’ve exposed how frail this system is. Not just because it’s poorly built, but because regulations aren’t actually sound and when they are they aren’t enforced.   Enjoy your weekend. You’ve earned it after the roller coaster that was GME, and any of the other meme stocks. Just know that even after this thing goes parabolic the fight isn’t over.   They will fight. They will try to “protect” you from yourself. We must not let them. We must use our winnings to stand and shout. We must use the internet, which these dumbasses don’t actually understand, to  our voices and be heard globally as we scream that we won’t settle for less than a truly Free Market.  A market where I can yolo my Wendy’s paycheck in hopes to buy my wife a new car so that maybe she will have sex with me instead of her boyfriend. A market where stonks only go up. A market where the autist isn’t fucked by gay bears but instead grabs two fistfuls of fur and gives that gay bear the best dicking he’s ever gotten before.   Be prepared to rrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeee like you’ve never rrrrrreeeeeeeee’d before. If it comes to it we will have to ensure our ability to participate in the market.
Hello everyone! I’m new here I just wanted to be sure I’m in the right Group! Is this the original group? So I can follow and move, and follow all suggested strategies?
IG in the UK has now banned new GME positions!
Trading restrictions on GameStop and AMC          Dear Peasant           Due to the recent extreme volatility, and in order to prioritise the service we give our existing clients, we are not allowing any new positions to be opened on the US stocks GameStop and AMC Entertainment.          These restrictions apply to all IG accounts, and will be reviewed regularly. You will still be able to close any open positions that you have in these stocks. Any orders that you have already placed on these two stocks will remain.          In addition, if you have any spread betting or CFD positions open on either stock, please be aware that the margin required to keep them open will increase to that listed below from 4pm (UK time) on Monday 1 February. Please ensure that you have enough money on your account to cover the margin requirement.
IT'S OUR TIME!!! YOU KNOW HOW THIS STORY ENDS.    ️ ️ YOUR WAY TO THE TREASURE
Can the government force Melvin and fucks alike to cover? why not?
I know the system is rigged and they all pay bribes to each other (suits <> politicians <> media) but even letting my bias aside isn't it in everyone's best interest to force the shorts to cover?    1. Hedge Funds don't create value, they can die    If they go bankrupt who fucking cares? They don't create any value, they just bet on companies and in some cases drive them out of business for the sole purpose of making money. Wether you believe in GameStop's fundamentals and financials or not there was no reason for its stock to be at $4 dollars, and ultimately put 14,000 people out of their job, ever.  Even on a personal level, all those suits have money set aside in tax havens, I'm certainly not worried about them, we still won't ever get close to 1% of their net worth.    2.     HF are taking everyone down    Looking at this week's events they're basically fucking everyone over. They're fucking the brokers who are out of liquidity because of financial requirements therefore have to limit trading etc, the clearinghouses who have to protect themselves by asking for 100% of collateral on those trade which impacts the brokers, us, ultimately the banks. And they are tanking the market by closing large positions in BABA, SPY, whatever just to stay afloat.    3.     Only Wall Street isn't on our side    Who is against us? Only the crooks! No one else is saying "Yeah 140% short is perfectly normal, it shouldn't be illegal, they need to be saved." The world is watching, all the peasants on the planet want to make them pay, politicians from all parties agree, we're backed up by "celebrities" and the likes. Honestly I've even read some decent articles.    4. 2008, pandemic, Biden    Do I need to remind anyone about 2008? Do I need to remind anyone we're in the middle of a pandemic, people are out of jobs, businesses are closing, healthcare workers are overworked? Biden just took office, does he want to fuck himself over in his first week? And he won't go for a second mandate so he might as well take them out.    All in all    Given today's situation, I want to believe that the government can't leave the retail investors hold the bags after this is over. I can't imagine the repercussions this would have if we are betrayed by everyone and the scumbags get bailed out billions given the current state of the economy. It is also a truly unique opportunity, knowing 2008 precedents, to finally put them against their crimes and improve the system.    One more thing, institutions own 70% of GME    Let's say everyone is on our side, stars are aligned. Institutions like HF don't care about us and probably don't care either about taking down other HF. They have the upper hand, what hand are they playing?     🌕  TLDR; Melvin and co should die, they don't create value. It's a domino effect, because they don't want to cover they're taking down the brokers, clearinghouses, the market, us, ultimately the banks. The world is watching, everyone is on our side but them. 2008 memories, pandemic (distressed population and economy), Biden has been in office for 1 week. Isn't it in everyone's best interest that they don't get bailed out and that we aren't left bag holding? However institutions (including HF) own 70% of GameStop, even if it all goes well, we could still be fucked over, what hand are they playing?  Edit: I even want to add BLM to general public sentiment (wether you agree or not - we are apolitical), redistribution of wealth and to some extent positive repercussions for charities and the economy.
Robinhood CEO interview [unedited]
Beware those who are shilling other stocks claiming they're the next GME! They're just trying to get your attention, and they're succeeding! 🚨
There is no next GME. As our beloved autist Michael Burry said, GME is a unique situation and a perfect storm. You won't find something like this again. They are just trying to move your attention away from GME and scatter us. From the discussion threads and the posts on the frontpage, it seems that they're succeeding.     Just look at the AMC thread up on the frontpage at the moment. Half the comments are from new accounts with just a handful of karma. AMC is not the next GME. The 'days to cover' on AMC is less than a day. After an initial uptick it will just fizzle out and you'll be left bagholding.  If you're still unsure,    Edit: I think we even need to the mods to make a post and sticky it. The shilling is really becoming bad now  Buy whatever the fuck you want and whatever you like. All I'm saying is it's not the next GME.
Hedge Fund Billionaire Claims Americans Are 'Getting Checks From The Government' And Investing 'To Attack Wealthy People'
What's to stop them from doing ladder drops and buying cheap shares to cover their stock like they did the past 2 days?
From what I've gathered, the reason why the price for GME didn't shoot up to ATH on Friday is because the hedge were limiting ppl's ability to buy more shares and then constantly selling shares to each other at lower prices to drive the price down, then buying shares from people that paper handed their shares of GME. They also bought calls that expired on Friday to profit when the stock went back up.  What's to stop the hedge funds from continuing this strategy until they drive the price down enough and get enough profit from calls FDs so that a squeeze won't happen? I don't think the SEC really cares about retail investors and congress is all talk and no action. I feel like the game is rigged. They're gonna find a way to get out of this unscathed...  15K in GME shares. I've held hundreds of calls that expired worthless. I have no problem holding shares that have no expiration date. I'd rather see GME drop to zero than let the hedge fund guys win.
Article in this week's Investors Chronicle magazine in the UK
Why don’t we get a lunch break!?
Comcast is a Hidden Enemy in this Story
This entire time CNBC, owned by Comcast, has been pushing the hedge fund side without a second thought about honest hard working degenerates like us. These are the same people that colluded with Charter Communications back in the day, in what is fondly called “the Summer of Love”. They’ve been able to charge us monopoly prices by divvying out the map and deciding to only provide cable in certain areas of the map, so if you’re in those areas you have one little choice. This allows them to make the price anything they way. Although we have Netflix and slightly more cable options, till this day our internet and broadband providers are 10x slower and 10x more expensive than countries like South Korea. They have no business telling us that we’re doing is immoral or criminal!! Especially when we take down evil suits named Melvin  spits out of respect .  All throughout this, CNBC seemed to be the main perpetrator of the hedge fund narrative because they are the worst of the worst and defend establishment assholes like themselves. There is nothing else to that. I worked there for a year and it was all psychopaths. Straight up. End of story.  Anyway, I think we all hate Fox, CNN, OAN, and all that other BS but if you still take CNBC seriously, I hope this experience changes that for you. May they rot in hell. Like Robinhood, Citadel and Melvin, they are an enemy of the degenerates, of the retards, and of the  🤲s. And they represent the  est of  s.   They will not bring you to the tendies for they know only lies. I may be mentally retarded but I know a villain when I see one. May god bless those that held the line, and GOD SAVE DEEPFUCKINVALUE AMEN.
The only "fundamental" that matters, 62M shs short with 50M share float. It is physically impossible to cover this short. - Jim Bianco (1/6)
Front page of the Australian Financial Review. Turns out the editor is one of us and can’t spell (or is there a short squeeze on something called GameSpot as well?). ps H O L D to the MOON  🤲
Billboard in Oklahoma City, OK! If someone can rent out a billboard for GME you can hold your shares!!!    !!!! (Left watermark for credit)
If/When GME offers stock, don't freak out.
Okay, autists, listen up. At some point, Gamestop is likely going to offer stock/rights/whatever to capitalize on their increased value. This is a good thing for the company, and for shareholders.   For the company, they can make a fairly small offering and gain a ton of money to bankroll future growth or their pivot to e-commerce. For the shareholders, it serves as a floor on the stock price. Consider, if the company offers 35MM shares at $300. That would give them $  billion in their war chest, for 100M shares. This is immediately a bare minimum value of $100/share just in book value. Add in their enterprise value and even the bear case is $150. This would legitimately give them a bull case over $500/share. This would force shorts to cover, while leaving the short percent at ~60%. This would still be a massive squeeze and set up the company for the future.  Alternately, the company could issue a rights offering, which is basically an option to buy. Each shareholder gets 1/2 a right, which can then be traded. If the rights are at $300/share, then they are worth the difference between that and share value. But also, shorts are then short a right as well, incentivizing them to cover, or else they'd have to also cover the right. This acts as a dividend and a share offering. It would  also  raise cash for the company and increase book value, especially if the company finds a broker to guarantee it, saying that they will exorcize any unexorcized rights.  This is one of the benefits of having a high stock price - the ability to raise funds. It's what has allowed tesla to grow as rapidly as it did. And it becomes synergistic. High stock price allows companies to raise money, which in turn helps push their price higher.  Edit: TLDR GME to the moon!!!
Palantir Technologies and Rio Tinto Sign Multi-Year Enterprise Partnership (I know many of you are new but we also like other stocks. Some amazing news For PLTR today)
$77k to $154k in one week>$90k currently holding $AAPL calls. should i convert them to $GME? put me in coach.
Here it is in all its glory
Bot invasion
I know the limitations of the automod is being strained to the maximum, but the amount of bots and shills streaming in here is absurd right now.  I'd suggest privating the sub. It's pretty obvious that AMC and NOK are being used to detract from GME right now, looking at their names and the amount of spam they put out. All their accounts are a day old and only subscribed to investing sub reddits.  Hell, i even saw someone spam fucking silver and some dumb ass british company nobody cares about. It's ruining any chance at a real discussion of anything.  Any way to chip in with the automod issue?
GME SHORT INTEREST - WWMD?
What would Melvin Do?  Ask yourself, what would you do if you were in Melvin’s shoes? Would you give up and capitulate to a bunch of mouth breathing basement dwellers or fight back?   So what do we know? We know that the media is spinning the narrative that Melvin “closed its position”.   Does this mean they exited their short? Maybe, maybe not.   Given the current short interest (over 100% by most sources, maybe even 250% by others) and the consensus that they did not have time to fully exit the position when they said they did, one conclusion is that their position was not exited but still remains.   Is it possible that their pride would not allow them to be defeated, and they pledged, assigned or otherwise sold their position via derivative or other structured offering to a trusted third party, to give the illusion that they exited, thus causing WSB and other longs to sell off?  There are two Citadels. Citadel the hedge fund (HF- Cohen) and Citadel Securities (MM).   We know that Citadel Securities pays Robinhood (and others) for our order flow. Using this data, they are in the best possible position to see when sentiment is on the sell side for Citadel HF’s newly acquired Melvin short position.    Of course it is absurd to think that these two Citadels don’t interact or share data because there is a “Chinese Wall” between them. (Time to take a tequila shot.)  We also know that Cohen, via Citadel HF, “loaned”” or “invested” nearly 3 billion to Melvin as a lifeline. What we don’t know is how this money was allocated, or for what purpose.  One theory is that Melvin used the money to purchase calls of various strikes and expiry on GME to hedge its losses. (There is another post about this topic.) This seems unlikely for several reasons better explained in that post.   Another theory is this 3 billion was the magical number to “close its position.” Unverified, so let’s assume for now it’s not accurate.  Given the hubris and big dick swinging energy of these funds, another alternative is that they wanted their cake and to fucking eat it too.   Ask yourself, what is more likely: they (1)!exit and go quietly, accepting their losses to a bunch of independent amateurs riding the short bus; or (2) be the greedy AF as history has shown time and time again?  Perhaps they didn’t “close the position” but assigned it to Citadel HF, which is well capitalized. (Possibly even with the caveat of buying it back).   They then use the Citadel capital infusion to load up on GME shorts right before Citadel Securities (via Robinhood) restricted trading.   Capital could also be used to gobble up shares when GME went into free-fall with those calculated ladder attacks or when GME shareholders were stopped out.  Citadel HF then rides the existing Melvin short position down to the ground, profiting on that trade, as WSB and other longs capitulate due to restrictions and other fuckery.  TLDR: Melvin Capital is still a part of the short interest and has not closed its position.   Not financial advice, allegedly these things happened in a fairy tale  Positions: GME multiple Feb call options and shares @ 370 (please come get me).
I have figured out why I find this community so alluring. GME GANG, I suggest ...
# Sacrifice.  You’re willing for better or worse to take part in our success and your success and our failures and your failures. We show when we blow up, cause we are willing to be seen for what we are. People that are willing to take on risk for the chance of glory.  Accepting the rat race the controlling class expects us to settle for. Not us. We are of a hiring calling. Trying your best effort or your least effort to bask glory of a bucket of tendies, tendies that are so fresh with batter that’s just right. The kind of batter that is a little juicy but also has a flaky crunch with a light seasoning that doesn’t overpower the mashed up pink slime that has been dyed a chicken flavor? color?  # Look, Listen  This past week has been a moment where the proles have been able to figure out a way to steal from the rich legally. We found a “cheat code” as has been referred to on the news. GameStonk, har har. They, the rich have rebelled and acted illegally in plain sight. And they truly, truly believe they’re going to get away with it. Like without a doubt they don’t think they’re going to lose. They think they’ll just continue to manipulate the market, pay for lies on every news outlet, and have our elected officials cast us as the bad guy. It’ll happen.  # But it doesn’t matter.  Cause some of us have an income stream through all this C-word nightmare we’re living in. And, …  # CAUSE WE’RE NOT GOING TO STOP BUYING GME  So Shorts, keep digging in  Cause some of us that are tapped. Get a bit more munitions for the   war effort   every 2 weeks.        Cause we’re digging in, and   our shares don’t charge interest          This is not financial advice. Don't listen to me.
Combinations of letters are a form of art. Art is subjective.
I know billionaires like to collect art and flaunt their collection in fortune magazine. Things like paintings and sculptures by Picasso, Andy Warhol, Jeff Koons and other celebrated artists.  Things that they see beauty in that, perhaps, others subjectively disagree on.    Anyway I think its mind-blowing what I've put together, but it's a different kind of art - I'm obsessed with ticker symbols. When I go to my brokerage, I see museum quality and beyond, incredible ticker symbols that I see as art - ones you just don’t find in everybody's brokerage.  When it comes to buying a random combination of letters, I am purely from the gut and I know right away. If it stays in my brain—let’s say I go see a ticker, if I keep thinking about it, I know it’s something I like. If I forget about it, then I know, couldn’t care less...  My collection doesn't includes signature, quintessential works of sought-after tickers - I just like certain letter combinatuons.   You know what a perfect day is for me? A perfect day is going down to Vanguard, or Fidelity, or if I'm slumming it Robinhood, and I just look at letter combinations and then grab lunch—to me, perfect day.  While I almost never sell at a profit, the investing aspect of letter combinations has never been part of the allure of collecting for me—I do not approach it the way I buy physical disks of video games, or sell them when I'm done playing them to recoup value...  I probably enjoy looking at letter combinations that I appreciate more than one that I don't appreciating.  But I don’t think the financial part is a big part of it. I don't like to make mistakes.  You can’t collect random letter combinations at my level for losses over many years and not have a real passion for it—at the end of the day, it’s not going to change my life financially.  Below, a cross-section of my random letter combination collection in my brokerage account.  GME
#THIS IS OUR GENERATIONS TRANSFER OF WEALTH
#KNOW THIS NOW, THE VW INFINITY SQUEEZE OF 2008 AINT GOT SHIT ON US.  We have the entire world backing us. We have support pouring in everyday from different countries. Different re~arded a~tists posting their support everyday buying at high because we all know the current price is nothing compared to what it will be during the final squeeze.  Here are some tips to follow for the next few weeks:   #BE STRONG AND HOLD. THEN BUY AND HOLD MORE. IF YOUR TRADING PLATFORM LIMITS YOU OPEN AN ACCOUNT ON A NEW PLATFORM AND BUY AND HOLD MORE GME.  #READ WSB   #RESEARCH WHAT A SHORT SQUEEZE IS. KNOW ABOUT THE INCOMING GAMMA SQUEEZES.  #DONT SELL  #FOCUS ON GME AND KEEP GOING GUYS. WE WILL FLY PAST THE MOON  🌕   #DONT FUCKING SELL  #PAST THE FUCKING SOLAR SYSTEM🌞🌎    #REMEMBER NOT TO FUCKING SELL  #WE WILL FLY GME BANNERS FROM OUR ROCKETS AS WE FLY THROUGH THE GALAXY 📈🌌   #  🤚 DONT SELL  #REMEMBER TO BUY AND HOLD. Because there will be no limit to what hedge funds will have to pay us when they are required to buy shares to cover their shorts. GME $4,206,   #WE STICK TOGETHER. WE DONT SELL.  #POLISH YOUR   DIAMONDS HANDS🤚  AND FOLLOW US TO OUR NEW FUTURES. THIS IS OUR GENERATIONS TRANSFER OF WEALTH.  #DO NOT SELL   #KEEP HOLDING, DONT SELL, BUY MORE, FOLLOW THE WSB COLLECTIVE AS WE ALL POWER THROUGH THIS.  #DO NOT FUCKING SELL  #BUY MORE GME ON WHATEVER PLATFORM YOU CAN  #BUY MORE GME AND HOLD. DONT SELL  #”What’s an exit strategy?” -The Legendary WSB Prophet u/DeepFuckingValue   #THERE IS NO EXIT STRATEGY, WE HOLD UNTIL HEDGE FUNDS ARE FORCED TO BUY OUR SHARES FOR ASTRONOMICAL NUMBERS. WE DO NOT SELL  #READ WSB EVERYDAY AND DONT FALL FOR BULLSHIT FUD POSTS. WE ALL STICK TOGETHER AND ENTER OUR NEW REALITY TOGETHER  #Limit $10,000? FUCK NO   #NO LIMITS. SET YOUR SELL LIMIT TO $1,000,000 AND SEE WHAT HAPPENS.  #LOOK UP “Short Covering”   (This is not financial advice. Do your own research, but do take advantage of information that is readily provided for you. Always verify anything you read. Make your own decisions. Do not invest what you are not willing to lose. I JUST LIKE THE STOCK)  #I LIKE THE STOCK  ✨💫 🌖  🤚🪐 💫✨GME
I tried boys. They increased margin cover to 100% to force me to close my position over the weekend. I'll always remembered the day they manipulated the markets   God bless all that lost more than 11k, you'll be back.
My emotionally exhausted ass by the end of all this part 2
GameStop is EB Games here in Canada 🇨🇦 and this place is ALWAYS BUSY! Holy shit hahaha whoever shorted this is an idiot
Lol wtf I just realized I go to Gamestop EVERY. FUCKING. WEEK. I just didn’t realize that it’s called EB Games here in Canada rather than GameStop. Hahaha I bought shares thinking it’s a store I’ll one day visit in the US just to realize that I’m there EVERY week. Whoever shorted this stock is an absolute idiot; that store is ALWAYS busy here in my local mall and I even recently bought an ultra-hard-to-find Nintendo 3DS charger from there, they’re super handy and they know gaming absolutely well. Haha these hedge fund analysts are so out of touch.
My emotionally exhausted ass by the end of this part 1
Here’s my position I sold every position I had and got in. This may not make me rich but I’m happy we’re in this together.
When will Gamestop issue new shares?
Gamestop as a company needs to benefit from this short squeeze in order to ensure long term financial health. There has already been a filing done for $100MM in new shares, but I expect Gamestop to file additional new shares very soon. If they do this, they could pay down their 2023 debt (which doesn't have a very favorable interest rate) and go into the tech transformation  debt free . This is very important for their future credit rating as well because right now that credit rating is on the lowest level, which means they can only borrow money for stupendously high interest rates.  Obligatory
A thread detailing the plumbing issue on Wall Street
Australian market provider CMC preventing people from buying Gamestop
GME FOMO
Prepare for a novel read it or pass the choice is yours. Been on WSB for the past month and have been watching the GME antics unfold. Last Sunday my cousin came from out of town to plan are attack on GME. He arrives and I invite my other buddy to joins us  to discuss our  plans for Monday morning   to purchase shares/options of GME.   I had this burning sensation in my soul that I was going to make a-lot of money from this. I was planning on spending my entire portfolio (only about 1200 at the time)on GME calls/ shares. We stay up all night watching in awe as GME breaks through the stratosphere, shaking in excitement of the day to come. I begin getting lost in my thoughts about how I will distribute my winnings with my loved one especially my mother.   I grew up on welfare after my parents split up at an early Age. My dad fell out of the picture and  my mother raised my siblings and I while she  attended  college/worked full time in hopes to provide us a better quality of life for the years to come. Years later My mother succeeded  in receiving  her degree and became a special Ed teacher and was able to make enough to support us. I have always wanted to be able to pay her back for everything she did for my siblings and I, I thought this would be my time.   The morning comes along and I am refreshing the calls GME every second in hopes of scoring a calls. The page finally load and  calls where far  out of my budget, feeling the disappointment over come me I make the decision to buy 6 BB calls instead. The Next day comes around I’m down -700 in calls and there is GME calls for 1/29 that are only 390 a contract. What happened next will blow your mind, instead of jumping at the opportunity I had been waiting for I decide that i shouldn’t cut my losses just yet on my BB contracts and see if I can make some profit before  I purchase the GME contracts,(quite frankly one of the biggest mistake I’ve made in my life).   I run a few errands and an hour or two goes by before  I check my phone and am swept over with The realization of how fatal of a mistake I have made. The life inside of me leaves my body and I am filled with an aching pit of agony as glazed eyes stare at my phone screen to see my 4 contracts would have been worth 80k, my knees buckle I am now sick to my stomach. Granted I probably would have paper handed my calls the moment  I saw 20k in profit and creamed my pants. The day goes by and I am over ridden with crippling depression. The next day comes around I sell my BB calls for 1200 profit which is the most I’ve ever made on a trade. How ever instead of celebrating this victory,  I feel like it is nothing  but an immense failure.   Don’t get me wrong I am extremely thrilled we got to fuck over the Hedge-funds  and happy for every body who has been able to make massive  gains, but I cannot get rid of the feeling that I missed on the opportunity of a life time. I cannot go on media without being reminded of my fatal mistake and it makes me sick. I am thinking of temporarily deleting my social media and taking a break of trading until I get over this. The depression is real I’m a working class guy and make maybe 35k a year, the money I would have made would have been life changing, and that’s what’s makes this pill so hard to swallow If anybody else is experiencing this immense FOMO hang in there don’t be a bitch and we will get over this or possibly not.
$AMC DD (2/1/21-X/X/X)
DISCLAIMER:  I am not a financial advisor. This is a DD (Due Diligence) post in regard to the upcoming squeeze aimed at AMC. The information is a collection of research from credible sources with some of my personal thoughts on the topic.  NOTE: ANYONE WHO IS INFORMED ON THE MARKET AND HOW IT WORKS, SKIP TO PART 2.  This DD will cover more than average DD's since WSB has gained a large following of new traders who can benefit from a full description.  Part 1: $AMC, what is it? 🎞️🎟️      AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc. is an American movie theater chain headquartered in Leawood, Kansas, and the largest movie theater chain in the world. Founded in 1920, AMC has the largest share of the   theater market ahead of Regal and Cinemark Theatres.  Part   What is a squeeze?🤏🏼  A squeeze in the market ($GME, $AMC) is a phenomenon that occurs when shorts have to be covered, especially by high class traders (hedge fund managers).   Part   are shorts, why are they popular with the top 1%?  In short selling, a position is opened by borrowing shares of a stock that the investor believes will decrease in value by a set future date (the expiration date of the short). The investor then sells these borrowed shares to buyers willing to pay market price. Before the borrowed shares must be returned, the trader is betting on the prices decline and then can purchase them at a lower cost. This stategy is HIGH RISK HIGH REWARD.  Part   (final intro peice): Why do squeezes cause losses up top?  Simple. In the case of $GME the hedge funds bet that $GME would fall. Logically, they should have been right. But as I'm sure everyone knows, WSB and working class investors from all over the world flipped the trend on its head. So, since the hedge funds bet on a fall they had to cover the losses caused by their BORROWED positions becoming absolutely useless (nice).   Part 2: The stats on $AMC. 📈🧠   Paraphrased from "Yahoo Finance", Some IMO.   AMC has   million shorted shares and a grand total of   million shares. Now what everyone is waiting for it when shorted shares become useless and the hedge funds have to cover what they bet and lost on. Today's target (1/29) was to beat $  and we closed at $ ! This short will expire in   trading days (Feb 1/21) So Monday when they're forced to cover the $  they will have to buy it at its current price to cover their bet. Raising the price up even higher from said stimulus. There are 9 different short stocks between $ $   Over the next few trading days it is going to be a strong squeeze. $AMC is standing where $GME did a week ago. Hold your ground. Gains coming in hot next week.   Part 3: What are our targets for buying and selling?💵📈💵  THIS REQUIRES DIAMOND HANDS     From what I have read, buying into $AMC at $17 or below is a safe bet. My exit plan is to secure some profit next week as the squeeze reaches it's height, and reinvest (into $AMC)  a comfortable amount based on collected gain. I plan to keep shares for up to 12-18 months so long as $AMC keeps on the track we can see now. AGAIN, I AM NOT A FINANCIAL ADVISOR. MY WORD IS NOT LAW.  Part 4: Beware The Big Man (Reason for Holding)🏦🚫  Big money managers and short sellers are going to manipulate the stock in the after hours session to scare us investors out of buying and holding with the intent of executing their shorts as planned or to cushion the blow from failed investment. Again,   .  Part 5: The Conclusion on $AMC in short (wording wise)     •The statistics on this stock are legit.   •The company is longstanding (70+ years)  •The company is legit  •A squeeze is seemingly inevitable  •Being the largest theatre company, post COVID gains are likely as cinemas will re-open.  •The hedge funds are in a position to be bent over again via their shorts in $AMC.  •Last but not least, I know alot of you autists lost alot of money gambling during highs on $KTOV, $XSPA, $GNUS, and many others... So why not get some tendies for once.            --  AGAIN I AM NOT A FINANCIAL ADVISOR, THIS IS A COLLECTION OF DATA AND RESEARCH BASED ON RECENT TRENDS AND $AMC's POSITION IN THE MARKET AS OF CLOSE ON (1/29/21) I AM NOT LIABLE FOR LOSSES OR THE REASON FOR GAIN. THIS POST IS STRICTLY FOR SHARING INFORMATION GATHERED.               TL/DR:   📈    (typed on mobile, computer format may be fucked up)  Edit: Monkey brain was on overdrive while typing, I know shorts do not expire but monkey brain like thinking about put options.  I am also aware alot of us are receiving different numbers regarding floating shares and shares outstanding. I included the name of my source, take it up with yahoo not me. Just trying to help the people who need it.
DD on the future of the market and why I am switching to a gay bear
#Preface Holding $250k  GME   . I was a permabull until I hit the submit button on this post  Now that I got your limited autistic attention with the troll-baiting title. Now that I’ve won you over to my side with my retarded fucking yolo position on  GME , I am going to share with you my prediction on stock market as a whole for the next six months.   #TLDR Hold  GME  until Citadel is dead. Puts on anything a few months after that. Wall street will win in the end but I’ll come out on top.  #Where we are today It’s not hard to argue that we are in a large bubble of epic proportions. We had COVIND shut down the world economy and less than 1 year later the SPY is trading up 65% from the bottom. Meanwhile we have tech stocks like TSLA up over 500%. I don’t think this is sustainable and we are overdue for a bear market.   “Okay, so what will happen?” Good question!  #What will happen ##Short Term (1-4 weeks) This  GME  short squeeze is going to trigger, and it will trigger soon. Once the short sellers get margin called the price of  GME  is going to rocket up to incomprehensible levels. (I’m holding till $69,420) Some hedge funds will die out, maybe we kill off a broker. Who knows, maybe a too bank if we’re lucky. The retail investors will get a win and the overall stock market will be okay.  At $10,000/share the market cap is only $700 billion. This is a lot to us, but not enough to actually impact wall street. Maybe  GME  is just the start and wsb starts buying up other over shorted meme stocks. I don’t know, but i wouldn't bet that wall street will let us get more than one win in-a-row.    Once the  GME  squeeze is squoze we move on to the mid term.  ##Mid Term (1-3 months) In the case of  GME  retail won and hedge funds lost. Wall Street doesn’t like losing and now they know that we can hold them by the balls and start a short squeeze on other stocks with infinite risk involved to the hedge funds.   For example, If the short float ratio for a stock is 70% and wsb goes in and buys up 40% of the shares holding them in diamond hands, guess what happens. We artificially limit the float causing a short ratio of more than 100%.  The hedge funds will see this coming and start to off load their shorts before they get stuck in another short squeeze.   While this is happening the hedge funds will be buying back stocks at an increasing price. Since retail won with  GME , and now that they have all this new money with a risk tolerance of a mentally disabled gorilla, they will start buying up all these stocks little the dumb kids they are. It’s going to look like retail is about to start another new type of bubble that will last forever. A bubble built on the speculation that meme stocks will short squeeze again and again. A   squebble™   if you will. Really what is happening is that the hedge funds are exiting their short positions and taking the loss before another squeeze starts. We will know this is happening if the over shorted meme-stocks start raising in price while the short shares start declining. This brings us to the third and final term.   ##Long term (4 - 8 months) Okay quick recap:  We’re in a bubble hedge funds are closing shorts retail is buying up everything.   This is going to be the end of short selling to this extreme. Not because of regulations, or fines, or prison time, but because we now have the power to abuse the system against them. Hedge funds or brokers won’t allow this type of overeverage from happening again. Since short selling is a very profitable tactic that is now off the table, the value added in from the margin trades will diminish and the stock market is going to decrease in value. Hedge funds will see the writing on the wall and start to move into safe investments. Maybe they go into cash, maybe into gold, I don’t know. I’m just a 25 year old engineer who doesn’t really know shit about the stock market or where money flows to in a bear market.   #End game Still here? Great! Follow me to the epic conclusion of this 2 page novel.  Hedge funds are moving money into safe investments before the impending bear market. Retail, however, is still high on life like a fucking dipwad huffing paint buying up everyhting under the sun. Pretty soon the hedges and retail will stop buying because of exhaustion (It literally can’t go up forever, sorry bulls 🤡)  We all saw what happens when there is no one to buy a stock thanks to Robinhood removing the buy button. In this case it will be because no one will buy since everything is way too overvalued.   This is when everything comes tumbling down.   It will start with the risky meme and tech stocks since those are what wallstreet will exit from first. Then it will cascade into everything else.   We are about to witness a bubble pop larger than anything ever before. This time the game has been changed against wall street and only an epic bear market will remove retail from the big kids table once again.   #Positions 1. Short term: 100%  GME  baby!      2. Mid term: Cash I guess? I'll probably lose everything here   3. Long term: 9/16 TSLA  $400p
I never expected Kevin O'Leary to be so based
Literally ONE MONTH AGO, SEC Charged Robinhood Financial With Misleading Customers About Revenue Sources and Failing to Satisfy Duty of Best Execution
One million percent rise in put options right before midnight on the daily totals . What 10 option limit ?
One last screen before transferring assets out to a different brokerage.
Some more $GME porn to keep you chubbed through the weekend. Holding shares in Roth.
Burry is the real man, letter from a semi-lurker.
First of all, congrats to the majestic 'tards that convinced the planet to short squeeze these assholes! Occupy wall street, eat the super rich, pineapples and gourds don't go on pizza!  It's been stupendous to see this sub grow as fast as the equity bubble, from 1 to 7 millions retardos and retardettes in a couple weeks? WTF, this shit is worst than   it's not, my bad) anyways it's obvious that some of y'all are happy to see arrive these columns of short busses full of fresh retards ready to spend their allocations on the meme of the week while our special educators are faking shortage of helmets and kneepads...  This is because yall motherfuckers are early... just like Burry, you are de-risked since 35$  Meanwhile, everybody is convinced that this is aint about money anymore. They are right, it's about  principal  and honestly it really looks like the squeeze hasn't squoze yet... and pssst..... they are scared shitless to see that you understand it.  As an eternal hater, I'm truly amazed by your diamond hands and your solidarity and hope that y'all are ready for a long fight and understand the risks involved. I'll be cheering for the good guys, Godspeed retards.  TLDR: The next WSB classic movie will be about DFV but the real hero will always be the autist in chief.  Burry is the real man
Getting pumped for Monday, love this movie. A Wallstreet Tale. $GME $AMC   👩‍ 👨‍
Even Hong Kong news source is covering us, and actually mentioned deepfuckingvalue name without censor it.
$BB $GME $AMC Short Shares Available is 0 👀
USE FIDELITY OR VANGUARD [NEW BUYERS]
Credit to /u/Dessiato  YOU FUCKIN WRONG CAUSE WE GOT SOME HOMIES ON DECK ROBINHOODS JUST A SMALL INDIE COMPANY COMPARED TO THEM  A PREFACE: DO NOT XFER OUT OF RH. THIS ADVICE IS FOR NEW BUYERS ONLY OR FOR THOSE WHO HOLD MORE THAN 5 SHARES IN RH AND WANT TO BUY MORE. ANYONE BOUGHT ON RH, DISABLE STOP LIMIT. DISABLE MARGIN, AND HOLD ON CASH.  Lets get this shit out of the way right now. The reality of the situation is Robinhood does NOT have the liquidity or capital to support buys any further WE GOT TOO FUCKING BIG!. GOOD! due to their clearing house being in house and run by baling wire and dreams. Their owners have a vested interest in ensuring they don't make the collateral demanded by the DTC to move the cash required.  So here's the fucking rub. There are two CONFIRMED brokers that will do anything in their fucking power to ensure we trade as much as we fucking want. They are...    Fidelity and Vanguard  . You want to know why? They both own millions of shares in GME, do you think they won't do whatever they absolutely can to ensure collateral is covered on GME? They are profiting hardcore off of this. We NEED to be throwing their weight behind them, they are the ONLY future we have if we need to be backing this stock as retail.  This weekend, we need to push harder than we ever have before to educate people on this reality. Robinhood is bush league shit for processing this kind of demand, and it's time we take it to the big boys like Fidelity and Vanguard to handle the rest of this.  TLDR: Robinhood CANNOT SUPPORT OUR VOLUME. The ONLY brokers right now are Vanguard and Fidelity because they OWN GME SHARES. This is PERFECT for us. They will flip fucking gravity to keep us trading. PUSH ON.  Take this opportunity by the balls and never let go.         USE YOUR     THIS POST IS COPYPASTA APPROVED. SPREAD IT    EDIT 1 :- I've been given silver by a clear and obvious shill account /u/flo_vaxa, I'm not sure what's going on right now bros.
Andrew Left was right. Buy Gamestop.
Now that you degenerates own a piece of history.  You may have noticed broadcasters attacking the underlying value of Papa Cohen next brain child.  The only argument that the suits have is that the fundamentals of this company do not support the stock price. I propose that while you are    your shares, you can show how baseless their fundamentals thesis is by simply signing up for Gamestops power up rewards program.  It is the definition of a value play.  You will be provided with a $5 off coupon, and a 12 month subscription to Game Informer.  Should you like video games, you can swing by their online marketplace at   and purchase a game.
WSB: I found something retarded that cannot be true. Explain to me what I am not seeing (GME options)
So, I went digging through LEAPs for GME, cause I am retarded.     I noticed the premium for selling a call way out, say January 2023, is  , on the $2 strike  So now, shares of GME are 312.  So in theory, if I took my $31,200 and bought 100 shares, and sold the $2 call, even if I just met the ask, I get 320 premium. So my 31200 becomes 32000, and eventually 32200 after the call expires and I get an extra 200. But essentially I turned 31200 into 32000 with no effort. So 800 per contract sold.  Obviously volume is low, but say I could do this 200x (which according to asks, it's  , that's 850 profit per contract (32,050-31200). So now I can take my 32050 and do the same, and eventually, after 36th one sold, I can then start selling 2, etc. And after my 200th, which takes up all the volume for the ones that profit an average of 850, I have an extra $170,000.  Obviously this cannot be correct. What am I missing?     TLDR:     Buy a stock for 31200, sell a covered call and get 32050. That's a profit of 850. Rinse and repeat until you have sold to all the asks over the share price, 200x. Not only are 20,000 shares locked up for a bit in long term options, but you have gained 850 profit 200x, which is 170k.     WHAT AM I MISSING? Where does this go south?     Edit: The answer is I forgot to account for the fact GME closed at 324, and the bid is 320. So you would lose 400 per trade. Now if it followed the meeting in the middle of the Bid ask spread then it would be a 150 profit per trade, but only 76 of those exist. Thanks  u/boblawslawblawg     Edit 2: corrected username. Don't drink a single Yuengling before diving into the internet. And by single IPA I mean if you crack a new one before the other one is empty, it's still just 1. And by crack a new one I mean case...
stay safe out there, fellow retards - the next few days will bring some heavy battles, act wisely, trust your gut, this is the way
What's happening is great, but don't let the media's narrative draw attention away from the Wall Street greed that ACTUALLY started this
TL;DR at the end for the retards who didn't pass third grade   So most of the news and social media memes about GME boils it down to being the result of an obscure meme ticker being intentionally rallied up by a group of risk-tolerant self-proclaimed retards who all collectively agreed to buy and "screw the hedge funds" because we were "bored at home" with stimulus checks or whatever fuck else. Yeah it's funny and feels good, but it's not the whole story. After all we hype around shit all the time, why didn't CHWY, NIO, TSLA, PLTR, AMD, and SPCE surge 800% in 6 days?   #This narrative is dangerous, and lacks important context about Wall Street's manipulation, greed, and how this whole thing ACTUALLY started.   If this narrative is pushed and becomes believed and accepted, then Wall Street and the SEC could actually have a case for accusing retail investors and WSB of market manipulation. But in case you're new that's   not what happened     This was the complete and sole result of large firms short selling at a gross rate for over a year, while simultaneously working to push down Gamestop's share price through manipulative tactics like ladder attacks and media hit pieces. They could have covered at $4 for huge gains, but it wasn't enough, They were fully intending to run Gamestop into bankruptcy during a pandemic for maximum profit.   Eventually WSB autists picked up on this and bought the stock   for good reason  , not to collectively just "fuck the shorts". Those good reasons include the 148% short interest, GME being undervalued at 4% their revenue, etc etc. You guys know the deal.  This info was spread through WSB as early as last July by our holy Lord & Savior DVT. Hype over GME went on for months here and eventually it was enough to begin the spike. The spike grew as other firms bought in too and news went viral. And yes, other firms are buying in too. No, your friend on Facebook who just downloaded Robintard to buy 1 share at $310 isn't the biggest one "holding the line". Even if 25% of adult Americans owned an average GME position of $300, that  still  leaves institutional investors with ~70% of shares. Yeah we're having a HUGE impact on markets right now but don't be naive and downplay the fund's positions too.  Obviously what's happening is incredible, and I'm diamond holding shares & options to the fucking andromeda galaxy      But please try to correct the narrative where you can, and add the important context. It can make the difference between retail investors getting legal protection or being regulated out of existence.  TL;DR: WSB sparked this but greedy and manipulative Wall Street short sellers were the gunpowder and don't let anyone forget.  #WE LIKE THE STOCK
At some point deepfuckingvalue will sell and thats ok.
This post is just a primer for the day when DFV eventually sells and this sub loses their collective minds and go out for blood. The guy has made multiple people millionaires and all these people posting their donations sold before he ever did.    I have seen many times how vicious reddit can be with these sorts of things and everyone needs to prepare themselves mentally for the day he rides off into the sunset. Just be cool when it happens.
Shorts are out of liquidity -- DD Inside
This really says it all.  Yesterday there were 100M in 1 DTE SPY puts purchased yesterday, sold this morning. This morning there were tens of millions more in 0DTE SPY puts purchased.  If anyone can verify this with tier 2 data, I would bet that these 150k/100k/75k Put options were purchased in huge blocks throughout yesterday and today.  We've all known that they are going to bleed their positions to keep GME afloat, but this is worse. They're bleeding the SPY. 401k's, retirement funds, the works.  These trades represent capital generation of somewhere probably in the area of 500 million dollars, which is enough to get them through a couple days of kicking the GME can.  Someone smarter than me needs to work out what we do with this information.  EDIT: Before anyone says "hur hur no proof it was them"... You dont buy 100 million dollars in 1DTE puts unless you're the one who's going to make them be in the money.
Actually bought calls before the hype. It ain’t much but it’s honest work. My mom lost her job in ‘08 and parents had to short sale their home. This is for them, never selling  . We’re going to 🪐
Now that /u/deepfuckingvalue has revealed his identity to mainstream media, have we thought about his personal safety?
There's plenty of people who have posted their positions here, but he's the highest profile person who is no longer anonymous. Even outside of conspiratorial whatevers concerning hedge funds or powerful parties who stand to lose a lot of money to him (and us), the fact that his identity is out there makes him a target to just regular people that want to steal shit. Yes, yes, brokerages have encryption and security and such, but anyone who's familiar cryp is aware of the five dollar wrench attack and it's ability to bypass even the most powerful encryption.       I'm not trying to fearmonger or anything, but I'm just personally concerned for the wellbeing of a fellow participant of the sub.      Edit: obligatory $GME          =💪   Not financial advice, I eat crayons. I like stock.   Edit 2:     💪
STOP POSTING AND COMMENTING ABOUT ORGANIZING
Seriously. That’s how the sub will be taken down by the SEC.   This is not a joke anymore.   Things we say can and will have real consequences if you’re not all careful.   I’ve seen this sub grow from 600,000 degenerates, all the way to the   million we’re at now. I really want to see it stick around, especially because we’ve seen a lot of great things come out of here over the last couple years.   Hold your shares ( if you want )  Invest in whatever you want, because what do I know, I’m just a retard who likes video games.    I do know that we cannot talk about organizing, because then shit gets bad.    I love all you fucking autists  And for those of you who can’t read
PLTR, PRPL, DKNG, SKLZ, GME Puts - How to make millions off the volatility 5,200,000 Deep in the Market
First of all- I want to be like u/Deepfuckingvalue when I grow up, he is the real GOAT of this sub. I thought making   on mattress stocks was amazing, but 50M on Gamestop is freaking Godtism.  Second of all, this volatility in the market is once again creating a good opportunity for selling some high premium puts on your favorite stocks. Currently I am not in these positions, with exception to PRPL and DKNG because I believe the red might continue into Monday.  PLTR- PLTR has enjoyed a nice run up and currently you can sell weeklies that give you about 5% downside protection and will allow you to buy the stock for around   dollars if assigned. If you go two weeks out then the premiums are even better. I selected a couple of the ones I'd consider selling.  This stock is winning lots of government contracts and recently just signed a large deal with Rio tinto Mining (Go SLV gang). Selling   -   puts for 1 or 2 weeks out look nice.           You all know the story with purple. I just wanted to reiterate, PRPL hit   on Monday and has been a victim of the mass sell off with no news. I expect a business update soon and I believe earnings and guidance will be excellent. For those with big balls, 40,s 35's are good plays, for those with small little baby balls, 30's are a good play.        SKLZ- take advantage of the huge Igaming surge. SKLZ is being bought up like crazy by Big Dick Cathie Woods. Selling 30's for big ballers and 25's for small ballers.     DKNG- They just recently released numbers and they beat expectations but fell afterwards. They are on their way back and they grew revenue like mad through the pandemic with most sports shut down. The spending on the Mcgregor fight might also be a good money maker for Q1. I like the   weeklies for next week or 2 weeks out.   for the big ballers and   for huge ballers.     GME- I am not in GME gang, but as you know, the premiums are huge. Selling weeklies @ 150 strikes gives you nearly   of downside protection!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is a capital intensive play, so tread lightly.              I love you guys. This is not advice, just a good theta play for the volatility. Do your own research.
550 ➡️ 60,000 been stuck inside so long. Should I just exercise?
Nokia YOLO [2021-01-29] Weekly update.
GME and VW are not the same. Please stop comparing them.
So many people are throwing around graphs overlaying the two companies. They look the same when you condense time and dismiss volume. People even think the dips to the left of the squeeze are similar, except almost NO SHARES were moving in VW before the squeeze.     I am not saying WHAT $GME is. I am simply saying what it ISN'T. I have read time and time again on this sub over the last week or so that VW happened over days, and everyone that wanted out could get out. VW short squoze because Porsche simply ate up a ton of stock in short order and the shorts got obliterated. THAT IS NOT WHAT IS HAPPENING with $GME.  Please, just look at the volume. The VW volume is in the THOUSANDS with the peak squeeze day over 20,000. $GME was OVER FIFTY MILLION just today and it was the lowest volume of the week.  I don't know what $GME is. I want to think it is everyone beating up on Wall Street for tendies. But I do know that it is for sure, not even in the same universe as what happened to VW.  So many people here are new to trading and I love the positivity, but these millions of new people don't know anything. I am not saying to sell. Fuck it, hold   FOREVER  . But do not think for a moment that you are guaranteed a supernova like VW. It was, after all, a supernova that benefitted practically no one. Porsche simply tried to gobble up the company and the stock immediately returned the baseline because Porsche didn't care about propping the share price, they just wanted the controlling interest. The VW chart is a fluke.  No one knows what $GME is, certainly not me, and least of all anyone comparing it to the VW, two-day squeeze.  Slightly Unrelated Note: If you want to know how that takeover went for Porsche, just ask yourself who owns whom now. Hint: it isn't called the Porsche Group.    Positions:    None . I have   zero   liquidity right now, but next week I should have some, and I will be buying $GME shares at   any   price.
For everyone that has their brokerage at Fidelity - IF YOU HAVE MARGIN ON YOUR ACCOUNT THEY WILL LEND YOUR SHARES - I highly suggest removing margin for now!
I have a Fidelity account, and I've had it for some time. I have margin on my account, because I planned to get into options, but I never did. I never even ran up a margin balance.  I noticed recently that even though I had bought 95% of my GME shares "cash",   THEY WERE SHOWING AS MARGIN! THIS MEANS THAT FIDELITY IS LOANING YOUR SHARES!    I contacted customer service, and asked them to move my shares from margin to cash. They said they could do that, but they would just move back to margin, as Fidelity loans shares for anyone that has a margin account.   I highly recommend that anyone with a margin account at Fidelity contact customer service and disable margin on their account. DO NOT LET THEM LEND YOUR SHARES!  Mark Cuban just tweeted about this. If WSB recalls their shares from lending en mass, it can help the short squeeze!  GME
People who received DM from "media" regarding the situation. BE CAREFUL!
After seeing some of the posts of people who received DM from media like Business Insider etc, I think you should be careful about what we say. I may be thinking cynically now. These "media" may not be that simple after all, they can be as simple as covering a good story or can be as fuckup by framing a bad perception of WSB by twisting the sentiment. Some may not even from the media but from investigators who try to dig out information.  Just to be CLEAR, Deepfuckingvalue is not our leader. WE BUY BECAUSE WE LOVE THE STOCK!
Request to Fidelity and Vanguard
I have GME shares in multiple brokerages but I still have many shares in RH.   Fidelity and Vanguard have been exceptional at supporting us retail retards. (Let’s be honest - they want to help us because they are long GME.)  I’m making a plea to Vanguard and Fidelity - if there is a way to quickly transfer my assets from RH to your platforms I will move my $800K of GME and other stocks to you immediately.   Many of us in RH won’t move our assets because the stock are tied up in RH and transfers take a week or more and we don’t want to lose an opportunity if the squeeze happens.   If you can find a way to expedite transfers I’ll move my assets.  I can’t speak for my fellow retards though.
Introducing the MM - the Meme Multiplier
Hello fellow regards,  I have been investing using fundamentals for a while and I was recently thinking of this overall new dynamic which the market hasn't seen.  With the rise of social media, this was bound to happen sooner rather than later and this whole GME situation might be the tipping point.  Thinking back to Apple and the whole 1984 ad, one can think of that to be a certain meme multiplier back in the day. In fact I think one of the reason Apple is still valued so highly on the market is because out of all the other large tech they actually have the highest MM. Buying Beats and bringing in Dr. Dre for example is something which increases the MM.  A classic example of a MM (which can be thought of as a ratio if nothing else) gain is when Ryan Cohen tweets this for example:    Of course daddy Musk would have the highest MM so far and the stock prices reflect that.  I will try and come up with a mathematical formula to calculate MM better in the next few days. This is just an idea for now.
Mr Beast may have never followed through with his stonk competition, but he just bought a GameStop so I can't complain. Image is from his twitter.
$GME $700 Price Target by Former Goldman Sachs PM: He’s been on our side since August
I Really Like This Stock
WTF
Picturing in 70+ years our grandkids will be asking about GME, AMC, NOK, and BB stocks like this brings a tear to my eye. Generational wealth being made here. All hail u/deepfuckingvalue.
This is what DFV did. Bow down to the king 👑
Match Group: MTCH
Match Group:    MTCH    Price:      Average Outstanding shares:    Currently owns:  Tinder,  , Meetic, OkCupid, Hinge, PlentyOfFish, Ship, and OurTime totalling over 45 global dating companies.  The growth rate of users on dating apps worldwide has been steadily increasing:      Of these, Tinder is the most popular by a significant amount; hence, I will use that as my example to illustrate some points going forward:     Tinder growth rate:        Facebook growth rate:     The tinder to Facebook comparison is not intended to illustrate that tinder could ever get into the same level of popularity of Facebook; it is much more niche. Rather, the comparison is to illustrate that the growth rates have similarities proportionally.    Key factor in business model:  Tinder has two primary sources of income. One of which derives from monetization, which has proven to be extremely fruitful for all social media apps thus far.    Most importantly, they have a subscription based product, Tinder gold for only $15. This has proven to be extremely successful as 6 million of their total 57 million users use it. That’s 10% of their total users, that specifically chose for the paid model. To put how vast this percentage is into perspective, YouTube has about 2 billion active users, while only   million are subscribed to YouTube red for $5.    What makes tinder gold differ from other traditional free app optional subscriptions:  Unlike many subscriptions, tinder gold does not simply remove the ads from the UI. People are paying for two things primarily; they are first paying for the potential to have their profile be seen by others more, since it is extremely competitive. More importantly, they are also able to see the profiles of people who like them. This is a huge factor, because without it, tinder does not allow you to see who likes you. It forces you to continue swiping on random people until you stumble across someone who liked you. Due to basic human nature, people want to immediately see what people liked them, they want to cut to the chase. Therefore, they are required to sign up for tinder gold in order to see them.  Another huge money maker for tinder is the profile boosters. You can pay a certain fee, in exchange for tinder’s algorithm to push your own profile into more peoples feeds for a finite period of time. This results in significantly more likes and matches. These are not points or games, these are real people, so many often get a rush from this and continue to use more and more boosts after they see how affective it is.    These being only three sources of their income alone already should illustrate how advanced Tinder is in terms of marketing their products. Tinder preys on basic human nature, and it has resulted in incredible user and financial growth.  Many of these other dating apps that are owned by Match include very similar marketing tactics. Again, I used tinder as an example simply because it is the most popular, and allows me to simplify some of my points regarding these dating apps. It is also the most profitable, due to the impressive marketing tactics I explained  “The company revealed Tinder pulled in $  billion in revenue over 2019, a 43% increase from 2018. Match owns several other high-profile dating platforms including Hinge and OkCupid, but overall revenue for the year was $  billion meaning it gets more than half its revenue from Tinder.”  Total balance sheet:      Anecdotal notes:  Perhaps some investors will shun me for even considering anecdotal experience to be note worthy, but I do feel that if some individuals have experienced something, it is more than likely to have occurred outside of that individual experience as well:  A large problem with dating apps is that there is a stigma to meeting someone online, or even having the apps downloaded. Several years ago, I remember seeing jokes about people who “needed” to use tinder to find girlfriends. I even remember seeing memes about people trying to hide the tinder app three layers deep into a hidden folder on their phones. This stigma certainly still exists, but from my experience, it has certainly decreased. It’s no longer about “needing” to use the app, it’s becoming more normalized. The popularity charts I provided illustrate this as well. Many people don’t even use tinder to meet people; many simply use it to entertain themselves or meet people virtually.  The stigma is dying, and as it continues to die, there will be continuous increases in users. The largest stigma was actually buying the subscription for “Tinder gold”, which gives you a select amount of features. However, even this is becoming more normalized. People can justify it by simply wanting to see who likes them, rather than being for the benefit of helping your own profile be seen. Curiosity didn’t kill the cat in this case, but it influenced over 6 million users to spend at least $15 a month.   Entry point?  I figured now would be a good time to make this post since they are coming off a recent sell off. The support has not proven itself yet, so it certainly has more temporary downside potential. Regardless, if you’re in it for the long run, this won’t matter as much. Watch for potential support Monday,   This post will probably be brushed aside due to the short squeeze focus point at the moment, but feel free to share your thoughts if you do end up reading this. I’m very open minded and completely accept that I can very well be completely wrong on this. I mostly would like to hear people’s thoughts regarding the key factors of the business model I mentioned. I really do feel that they are next level in terms of preying on human psychology. It’s extremely impressive marketing in my opinion from a scientific perspective at least.   This is not financial advice, these are strictly my opinions for entertainment purposes only.
SHOULD WE BELIEVE THIS GUY????? VIKING DOWN 20%, POINT 72 DOWN 9%, CITADEL DOWN 15%, D1 down 30%
Rawdogged by Robinhood? YSK about ACAT transfers. Switch brokerages by directly transferring your account to another.
The process is pretty painless, just make sure you don't have any options expiring in \~3 weeks or less else the transfer may be rejected.  Just maybe hold off until after GME squeezes and we're in the clear from this volatility, you probably don't want your account locked up for weeks during these historic times.           It's like 3 clicks for Fidelity, no excuses. Personally I just liquidated my Robinhood positions and increased my leverage on my other account while the bank transfers are going through. Do what makes sense for you.  TL;DR Once this is over, any bubble-blowing retard still keeping their assets in a Robinhood account and happily playing the caboose in a Citadel/Vladimir/Baiju human centipede belongs on a cross
Most Anticipated Earnings Releases for the week beginning February 1st, 2021
GME STILL HEAVILY SHORTED. IMPORTANT PLEASE READ.
$AMC gains I ended up YOLOing $16,  at an average of $  a share when my account was roughly worth 23k. Because I’m a smooth brain I sold when they shut down trading on Robinhood. I now hold 115 shares (max allowed) never selling
Imagine being in a casino...
Imagine you are a gambler enjoying a night at the casino.  You decide to play Blackjack.  Your hand is a ten and the dealer shows a 7.  "I would like to hit."  "No sir.  You are only allowed to stand or surrender."  "That's not the rules of the game.  Aren't you regulated?"  "Due to the votality your hand represents to the Casino, sir, you are only allowed to stand or surrender.  These are extraordinary times."  "  you only allowed to stand or surrender?"  "No sir.  In fact, we may double down."  "Wait.  What?  You are the dealer, you can't put more money in that I didn't put in.  That money doesn't even exist on the table!"  "Sir, you have a gambling problem.  We might have to report the commission on you for attempting to hit with your hand because your friend told you that you should."  "Wait, are you trying to make me fold?"  "Sir, we reported you to the newspaper for being a degenerate."  "You guys are crazy!"  "Sir, we have decided that in order to protect your interests, you have decided to surrender."
Robinhood will fuck you when the short squeeze actually happens...
They have already attempted to stop the squeeze from happening by limiting buying on the shorted stocks. They have previously completely taken away buying power on these stocks from you guys, this caused serious backlash by users of the app forcing them to re-allow trading of these stocks, but not without a catch. There are purchase stock and option limits, which fluctuates throughout the trading hours to clearly manipulate the market, as seen with $BB and $GME today.  There also been plenty of people posting liquidation of their stocks without their approval, probably due to borrowing money on margin, but typically you should still have 5\~ days to fulfill the margin equity percentage requirement.  Anyways, that's besides the point:  What makes you think these retards won't fucking limit selling due to "technical issues" or have ANOTHER "outage" AGAIN. They'll let the hedgefucks liquidate, then allow us to sell after all the hedgefucks are out. C'mon tards you've seen this shit before during the SPY put days.  I'd move to Vanguard, Fidelity, or TD Ameritrade. Vanguard and Fidelity have $GME shares so surely they'll allow trading on $GME indefinitely.  Positions:  440 shares $BB  6 shares $GME    TLDR: ROBINHOOD HAVE OUTAGE/STOP SELLING DUE TO "TECHNICAL ERRORS" DURING SQUEEZE.     EDIT:  "  DO NOT XFER OUT OF RH. THIS ADVICE IS FOR NEW BUYERS ONLY OR FOR THOSE WHO HOLD MORE THAN 5 SHARES IN RH AND WANT TO BUY MORE. ANYONE BOUGHT ON RH, DISABLE STOP LIMIT. DISABLE MARGIN, AND HOLD ON CASH."
This might be the beginning of the new GameStop comeback story
I was just thinking, with GameStop's name getting attention everywhere, from the boomers to the zoomers(who probably have never set foot in a store before) it might be the beginning of GameStop's comeback  Just like Tesla that almost went under, it got an almost cult-like following, people are rooting for it to win against the big guys, and succeeding at that.   Both are about something that the boomers in suits don't understand so they try to shut it down to keep the status quo(electric card, e-gaming, ecommerce) and the everyday retail investors are buying, rich people are buying and giving it more attention online, this is just starting to gain traction, next week will be nuts.  even after the supposed squeeze, the price will most likely stay relatively high, and the company will be relevant for a long time, even if wall street tries to intentionally shut it down again, it won't happen again, so this is good. deepfuckingvalue might actually have saved a company and changed many ordinary people's lives without knowing it   not financial advice, thanks for coming to my ted talk
For those concerned about rumors of shorts having covered, or that they managed to close out lower positions but open new ones - don't be worried!
Okay - regarding short positions. Over the last couple days of fuckery, it's entirely possible the shorts have managed to close out of their very lowest postions and re-entered new ones higher up. It's possible original shorts have abandoned the game, but new players have entered. We have no way of knowing the position of the short, just that there is one. It's possible certain places have covered their shorts. But that doesn't matter. Don't let that get in your head.  What matters is the short interest %, and by any account, that has either flatlined, gone down only the slightest amount, or even gotten larger. That is the key. They haven't backed down. Maybe shuffled the chairs on the deck of the titanic, but still steering straight for the iceberg.   I'll use Tesla as an example. You know how shorts lost billions against them? Well, it wasn't because of a short squeeze, it's because people kept buying and holding and buying and shorts kept leapfrogging their positions thinking it  had  to go down. It hasn't. What we've seen the past two weeks is simply two years of the Tesla battle vs shorts played out in fast forward.   It's simple math at this point. Regardless of current price or point where they entered their position, shorts have to pay interest. It costs nothing to hold.   It might not be a violent squeeze like VW 2008, but until those fuckers back off trying to short this to excess levels and the short interest % comes down, it's a steady march to five digits.
Just some gain/loss to tide us through till Monday open. Green dildo Wednesday, followed by Drill Team 6 on Thursday when they decided the screw the concept of the free market.
THIS IS THE WAY!
Why buying AMC helps save a beloved American company on top of unleashing a devastating squeeze on hedge funds.
As we all know, AMC is the  , behind only GME of course. However, the actual situation between the two companies could not be more different. GME was never really at risk of bankruptcy. GME always had more cash than debt and was paying back debts ahead of schedule, because it has a flexible business model where it can easily close down underperforming stores, which GME did in large numbers this past year. In place of the underperforming stores, GME is expanding furiously into e-commerce. With RC now at the helm strategically, its future is bright.  AMC is in the exact opposite situation. It operates theaters, which it cannot close down without permanent, serious consequences. There is very little room for AMC to cut operating losses during the pandemic. There is no e-commerce pivot. It has theaters, and that's it. For a while now, AMC has been teetering on the edge of a cliff, facing a massive debt load and mounting operating losses, while hedge funds were relentlessly building short interest on its stock like a flock of locusts. AMC had been just a step away from Chapter 11 several times. The shorts almost won.      This is where we come in.      The recent rise in AMC's stock price is not just a middle finger to the short interest hedge funds. It is a lifeline to the   real world   operations of AMC. A few days back, one of AMC's debt holders  , and there were additional share offerings and other debt conversions.  >It an SEC filing this morning, AMC said it will be issuing around   million shares of Class A common stock to Silver Lake and related noteholders in the transaction, which will reduce its debt by $600 million.  >Earlier this month, AMC stockholder Mudrick Capital Management also swapped AMC debt for equity, in this case 14 million shares, plus another 8 million as a fee for separate loan.  >As part of its recently announced fundraising, AMC yesterday finished issuing a further $300 million of equity at $  a share.  >It’s been a wild ride for the nation’s largest exhibitor but CEO Adam Aron told Deadline Monday that the chain should have cash enough to ride out the year.  Now, a valid concern might be that the additional stock offerings will increase float and ease the pressure on the shorts. But that didn't happen! The good news aspect of these moves significantly outweighs the additional float. With the freedom to raise capital and reduce debt load, the threat of bankruptcy is all but gone. The shorts will not win anymore, it's just a matter of how much they lose.   This movement is legitimately saving a real American company. This is not patriotic jingoism. AMC, by the nature of its business, employs US residents and supports local economies across the entire country. AMC is a huge corporation but at the same time extremely local and intimate. The vast majority of its screens are in the US, with a solid representation in Europe as well. Yeah, the popcorn is overpriced, but at least it's going into the pockets of US residents and circulating in the local economy.   And the enemy? Bloodsucking   hedge funds who literally produce NOTHING and do NOTHING except amass capital through underhanded and despicable means.   This is a once in a lifetime opportunity to smash those hedge funds and save a beloved company at the same time.  This is not financial advice. I just love the stock, and hate hedge funds.
Twist and Squeeze
LESSFUGGINGOOOOOO!!!
Speech: “Once more unto the breach, dear friends,…
WSB on NPR, did not think I would see the day.
We're all in a REALLY GOOD SPOT with Gamestop
Here's what I've been seeing these last couple of days that gives me a LOT of hope that the squeeze on GME is working. Aside from media and billionaires freaking out, which gives me confidence that this is real, let's take a look at some other examples.  At the beginning of this week, we were looking at volumes close to 150-200M. That volume obviously took a hit yesterday when many brokers decided to stop allowing purchases, but even today, the trading volume was relatively low. Additionally, the stock price has continued to increase all of these days indicating that there are more shares BOUGHT than sold. The price is around $315 and most people STILL aren't selling, indicated by the low volume today (Friday). That means this price will likely hold as a baseline since we keep taking more shares away from the float and are holding onto it.  This has become a movement though, and more and more people are willing to purchase a ticket to stick it to wall street. You think fewer people are going to get   no! More people want in on this, with those from Canada, Australia, UK, Germany, and across the world getting in on this. If people keep buying more shares and holding, there will be fewer shares available for trading and we'll likely see even less volume in the days ahead. How do we know they'll   most of those getting in now are doing so to stick it to wall street so they don't mind losing some money if it comes to it. Most importantly, this means THEY WILL HOLD! Plus, a smaller accessible float means the price will rise or at least stay stable, neither of which is sustainable for hedge funds. This does NOT end well for them in any way.  The squeeze may not happen immediately, but as the number of available shares decreases, the probability for an imminent squeeze gets better since the hedge funds will be margin called and have to buy to cover. In fact, the longer this goes on, the more epic the squeeze becomes at this point. They're still short >100% and the number of float available becomes less and less everyday as more people buy and HOLD. Its really only a matter of   keep the faith!
It's the weekend, take a breather, here's a glimpse into the future
\[Storytime, mods thank you for not deleting, we all need to relax for second\]    We are mid-February, the squeeze squoze  , we all cashed out at 5,000 tendies per share 💰Gamestop released 1 million shares in the process (a drop in the ocean) banking in $5B, they are debt free with $  on hand 🤑Citadel and other motherfuckers are bankrupt praying not to go to prison, no bail out this time 🚓  After the sell off Gamestop dropped in the $50-100 range but unlike those boomers we see the value in $GME, we buy back for the long haul, the shares settle in the low $100s. Their best selling apparel is DFV's Roaring Kitty t-shirt.  We already made history but we didn't stop there, the mods are holding us accountable and we all give a percentage of our gain porn to charities. Gamestop does the same and gives $100M to the Barstool Fund to help those that the SEC, Wall Street crooks, dishonest journalist puppets, and other brain dead greedy fucks tried to illegally wipe out. We changed the lives of thousands families, friends, small business owners, and Gamestop won generations of life long brand loyalty.  It's 2023, we're cruising, lord Ryan Cohen is doing his magic, let's check back in 2 years.  It’s 2025, Gamestop successfully transitioned to digital by taking a significant portion of a now $300B gaming market. We’re smooth sailing at $2000 a share, looks like we just got ourselves another 100-bagger, life is good.    this shit and see you on the other side     Position: diamond handing    doggystyle  Disclaimer: I like the stock  TLDR: Melvin is handing us tendies at Wendy’s drive-thru and Griffin is taking his daily prison yard walk while we’re on our way to DFV’s party mansion (hint: it's in Florida).
READ THIS if you expected a huge gamma squeeze today after close above $320
OG poster u/PlayFree_Bird     Alright, I hate to say it, but there is some less-than-ideal information circulating out there, particularly about the famed "gamma squeeze" we hear so much about these days. I'll get to that. Let's go through the questions you simpletons want to know, as explained by a mouth-breathing fool who has managed to convince you he knows what he's talking about:  # Did we win today? Is it endgame?  Kind of. Be patient.  # In what ways did we win?  First, there was the obvious victory of bouncing back 65% today after the worst market manipulation I've ever witnessed. We kept the upward momentum going.  Secondly, every day you finish higher is another day the shorts are underwater. If you are perpetually going up, the walls are closing in on them.  Finally, a lot of put options expired worthless today while a number of call options expired in-the-money. It's always good to make put holders lose money because you drain the bank accounts of people betting against you.  # Yes! Call options! We finished above $320 and get a gamma squeeze to infinity now, right?  No. That's not how this works. Too many people don't quite understand what a gamma squeeze is.  A gamma squeeze happens when call option sellers (or "writers") have to hedge their naked calls by buying stocks. They do this because the risk of selling naked calls is theoretically infinite if they don't. It's called delta hedging. You don't need to know all the fancy math ("delta" and "gamma" are those greek symbols for nerds), just understand this: as it becomes more probable that the call option you sold will cost you money, you hedge more.  This is a continuous PROCESS, not a discreet moment in time. The market makers and hedge funds and institutions selling you calls don't wake up on Friday morning and think, "Shit! I think I'm going to lose everything if these stocks keep going up! I have to BUY NOW!!!" That would be stupid. They are hedging all the way up. I guarantee you that most of the calls that were exercised at $320 today were already covered. They already went out and bought those shares and most of the upwards pressure that places on the market is priced in already.  # So, no gamma squeeze?  Probably not significantly. They're not going to be madly rushing out on Monday to buy shit they already own for the most part.  # Why are people talking about a gamma squeeze at $320, then?  We did have a gamma squeeze at $320. On Wednesday, two days ago. The price exceeded $320 (then the highest strike price on the books) and promptly surged to $371 before coming back down to around $320. That's what a gamma squeeze is: a frenzied rush by call sellers to cover calls.  It typically happens BEFORE expiration, not after. It's rare for market makers to get so caught with their pants down that they have to get squeezed for the previous week's calls on a Monday. I don't know where this idea of a gamma squeeze now at $320 is coming from.  # This hurts my feelings. So, what's so great about the $320 threshold, anyway? Did it matter at all?  It's still a good thing. There may have been a few lingering naked calls to cover. And, like I said, it's always good to make put-holders lose money because stick it to the   , that's why.  $320 was a significant level because there were quite a few open call options at that strike. You can see the entire option chain here:    Go through and count up all the January 29th options that were in-the-money at today's close. I think maybe 90,000 or something? Screw it, I didn't count. Somebody who can figure out how to use a calculator can add those up. Multiply that number by 100 (because option contracts are sold in groups of 100) and that's how many shares need to change hands thanks to contracts expiring ITM.  It may be that with so many shares needing to change hands and so little liquidity in this market, some weird things could happen.  # What weird things?  Well, if nothing else, a lot of shares will need to be tied up as the process of settling calls plays out.  You have to remember that when somebody says they own shares, they don't necessarily  own  own the shares right at that moment.  When you press "buy" on your phone and it says your order was filled, that doesn't mean that the process happens instantaneously. For all intents and purposes as far as you are concerned, sure, the process looks instant. However, there's a lot of messy stuff that happens on the back-end of the system between the brokers and the clearing houses. The clearing houses are where the daily tab gets settled: who owes whom and what they owe and at what price, etc.  Monday could be interesting as this tab for millions of stocks (in a market with only 50-something million shares actively circulating) gets settled. It might not be crazy, but it could. We'll see.  Michael Burry (Christian Bale, for all you noobs) seems to think that all the naked short-selling above the float will result in a shit-storm when people actually go to get their shares back:    Liquidity crunch + lots of shares being moved around + nobody knows where they all are currently = potential nightmare for Wall Street.  # I just want my infinite short squeeze and my tendies, so how do we get the MOASS?  Something needs to be the catalyst. Something needs to get the short sellers really underwater, so much so that they are drowning. That's why there's been so much hype about gamma squeezes; the gamma and short squeezes are two separate things, but the gamma squeezing has been really good to us lately. It has triggered some crazy upwards price movements. I still think one was about to happen yesterday morning that would have triggered the squeeze-pocalypse, the Mother of All Short Squeezes. The bastards at the brokerages (acting with and for the clearing houses), took your tendies. It's criminal what played out.  I actually think a gamma squeeze was possible today, as well, as the price shot up to $378 around noon. If it had gotten to $400, it stood a very good chance of running up to $500, which would have caused a run up to $650 and beyond. Then Robinhood said, "Oh, actually, you plebs cannot buy 5 shares anymore, only 2 now." The price came back down again.  Oddly enough, the S&P500 sold off over a full percentage point (that's a lot of money) right after GME hit that $378 peak. Do you think this doesn't freak the finance world out? They know a gamma squeeze is like the fuse on a firework. It consumes itself until it ignites the rocket.  # How will Wall Street defend themselves?  They will try to keep snipping the fuse. That's what all these restrictions on brokerages are about. They are trying to defuse the situation slowly because having it all get sorted out quickly and frantically is no good for them.  We need enough upwards price momentum that those option chains keep going up and up and feeding on themselves. They need to become a self-sustaining chain reaction, fed by hedging pressure. And you need to put pressure on your elected representatives to tell them that Wall Street cannot be allowed to just shut down the game when they are losing. I hate to tell you this, but the squeeze has so far been stopped purely by the losers declaring that it will not happen at any cost. It's bullshit. Eat the rich. But there it is.  # Do you feel you've used the word "squeeze" too much by now?  Yes. I've been writing and looking at the word "squeeze" so much that it is starting to lose its meaning. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeeeeeze.     EDIT:  TL;DR Shares most likely already bought so no gamma squeeze, doesn't matter anyway                   EDIT 2:  STOP THANKING ME FOR THIS POST, RETARDS! Literally the first sentence is me giving credit to the original poster, THANK HIM.
The stranglehold of GME longs vs shorts
This is additional data to u/imnotatreeyet:  Pls correct me if im tardly wrong.  Thanks so much for this let me add my retard maths: If it cost $  mil in daily interest to sustain shorts at $313 a share  Then the $  billion by Citadel can cover interest (assuming it covers for all shorts) for   days - rounded 187 days.  Of course since bitch Melvin gets    his total coverage assume as 15% of total short so his interest is 15% of $  mil = $  mil  So with $  bil, Melvin can ride out interest in 1,255 days assuming stock stays $313.  However no investor wants his money to bleed 🩸 like that time of month, so i assume 1/3 will be used for Melvin to hold at $313 so that is 418 days  We do not know capital infusion other shorts have. So worst case assume they can hold for around 2/3 of a year at $313 (2/3 cost not every short has baby daddy citadel to balls deep $   What next? Buy to raise price and hold to maintain pressure on shorts interest and lock their capital. That will likely make them give up and cover, resulting in price ⬆️.  But if large amount is sold, opposite will happen, due to large short interest the stock price will fall and fall and meet the shorts expectations.  Summary this is a stranglehold between long and righteous holders like us and short mofos. Only one will get out alive.  I hold 3 shares and love this stock.  Disclaimer: this not financial advice.  TLDR: Buy and hold or 📄  🏽 will destroy the stock price and company. Means no more games PS5 and Xbox u tards!!!!
Are we holding the bags?
Colorado man suing apps over stock lockout
You guys are engaging in market manipulation
You see, announcing your positions on a public forum in an effort to try encouraging others to buy into similar positions, thereby creating a self-fulfilling prophecy, is clear-cut market manipulation!  Market manipulation is super illegal which is why everyone is calling for the markets to be regulated now!  -   (Note: this is only illegal if you’re poor. If you do the  exact  same shit by announcing your positions on MSNBC if you’re a billionaire you’re okay.)
Soon we'll all be able to buy our own GameStop
Rough week all around. Missed the GME train and then apple tanked.
Is there any way they can get out of GME squeezing?
Been holding since $30 so don’t worry my hands are fucking    My stock certificates are buried in the Mojave until the price is in the thousands. I will never break.   I’m curious though, do they have any outs if we just outright don’t sell? I just don’t see us breaking at this point (especially after the violent dips yesterday) and they have to be coming to that realization. Yet they keep fighting.   Any shady shit they can pull?   Or is it a true “dread it, run from it, destiny arrives all the same”  Cause they can bury me with my shares at this point. Run it to $0 and I still wouldn’t give them up.
My Last Post Was Taken Down Lets Try Again How I think Wall Street Plays this Next
First  : congrats to my fellow  {Edit:   ~~comrades~~   autists}  . We must continue to fight and hold the line. We have been able to show Wall Street that any retail investor, no matter the amount of tendies they may have - cannot be ignored anymore if we stand    united   .     Second: this is my Personal Opinion, and I am not a financial advisor in any aspect (just a fellow autist) but this is what I believe Wall Street will do to try and divide us, and this is my thought process on how they will do it:     This small little problem of theirs has grown to a point where the entire world of retail traders has banded together to create an army. They are scared shitless of what the market could develop into and what may happen next. We are flipping their financial models and theories upside down, throwing their predatory algorithms into dislocation, and most of all driven a giant spotlight into their practices and now they are in a very uncomfortable position and will do anything in their power to go back to the way things were.    Distraction  : They don’t want gamestop or their manipulative practices to be the center of attention anymore so they need to put a bigger story out in front of people’s faces. I believe they will band together and dump the equity markets in the coming weeks, and at such a fast rate that it becomes the new focus of attention.     Why would they do this   ? Well if the problem can’t be fixed - then fuck it all - break it. Use the destabilization of the current markets to try and force weak hands for whoever is holding GME to sell, and at the same time profit from everyone else’s losses on every other stock.    This sets up a beautiful scenario/narrative for them:    1. To make it look like a well thought out short thesis instead of what it actually is  (a manipulative coordinated attack against us) , they will use WSB and gamestop as an excuse to try and draw attention to the fact that the market is overpriced and has been for sometime to justify the price drop. They’ll incite fear and all the other tactics we’ve seen over and over again    (we see you CNBC).    2. They will use this to accelerate the market tanking and severely drawdown our purchasing power by decreasing the prices of all of our other holdings so our margin requirements become tighter and try to shake us out of our GME positions. 3. If they are successful  (and they will try everything to make sure we are not)  when the dust settles, they will then blame us for what happened to the markets. They will say how inexperienced we are and then the media will double down their efforts and show stories of retail investors who lost their life’s savings and had no idea what they were doing etc.    (which btw, fuck them because they don’t get that even if we lose money in the market this group teaches more incredible things about market dynamics and is a better use of tuition money than half the universities teaching bullshit financial concepts for 50k a year).    4. Finally, they will use all of this to put the regulators back in their court and create new policy to box us out even further while saying it’s only to protect us.    tldr;    United we stand, divided we fall     -    I could be completely wrong but either way -   hold that mother fucking line team.       Take a look   \ : With these record volume numbers in options and stocks, its easier to bury some of the data so it doesn’t seem completely abnormal. I chose the QQQ as a reference for the picture below because it’s more volatile but all the major indices have similar data and you can look for yourself. Below is a photo of the 20 largest options transactions that took place today to close out the week with the amount and expiration dates.\    Link:
Melvin's Endgame?
Please read TLDR before downvoting.      I have been thinking about Melvin's exit strategy here and what possible ideas they could have to get themselves out of the fucking mess they have got themselves in.      Everyday I have been checking   and if my brain isn't completely smooth I believe that means the number of NEW shares being sold short in a given day, not counting any that have been closed.      Now when we had that jump from 20-30 the short volume was like 33% of the total volume which to me is just mind blowing that these people are STILL trying to short a stock with short interest already over 100%.     I guess for    just like we want to see who can get the highest limit order filled they all want to short ATH and try cover their other losses for shorting at lower prices.        WHERE THE FUCK AM I GOING WITH ALL OF THIS?      Bear thesis:   Melvin is going to take advantage of Robinhood & co's fuckery to raise the stock price every day before open and short it down during the day. Because we don't have a large portion of people able to buy the volume has obviously been very low the last couple days compared to what it should have been. Eventually Melvin hopes public sentiment fades in the next week and people begin to fear a drop and everyone sells off and they go home licking their wounds but not broke.        Bull thesis:   Assuming Citadel/Melvin had a hand in the disgusting shit these brokers are doing they have only made things worse for themselves if people  🤲 . I am guessing a lot of people will be transferring their shares to other brokers that allows them to add to their position and thanks to Citadels retarded move ALL the shares that are being transferred lower the float even further. So as long as those of us who can still buy keep buying and dont fucking sell then Melvin has really fucked it. They could simply be delaying the inevitable and we have seen this stock go up as much as 100% in a day multiple times in the last couple weeks so once reinforcements come in then that might be the final dildo up their ass.     All of this is speculation and I am retarded so please correct why I am probably wrong because scrolling through this sub all day isn't enough confirmation bias apparently.        TLDR: AM HERE FOR CONFIRMATION BIAS PLEASE SEND       IF TOO MANY WORDS AND DONT FORGET TO    🤲     Position: 125 shares @        Note: There is no "we" in any of this. I am not the financial advisor of anything and im just here because I like the stock.
REPOST - BEWARE WEEKEND SCARE TACTICS
Originally posted by u/yzy_  Just spreading your gospel. We all need to see this.   BEWARE WEEKEND SCARE TACTICS  We made it through the battle today and are UP 69% (nice). The hedges are only getting more desperate after the put options that expired today but REMEMBER: they have at LEAST 2-6 days in the market to pay these off, and likely have MANY MORE options expiring in coming weeks. With the lack of shenanigans today I predict an extended-hours ladder attack is incoming when many retail traders are sidelined from the action, combined with another media push of scare tactics incoming this weekend. We were caught off guard with the RH bullshit but hopefully enough people can get set up with Fidelity next week to even the playing field. But above all else: fuckin hold and we're golden  DON'T TRUST EXTENDED HOURS PRICES TODAY OR MONDAY MORNING.   DON'T TRUST ANY MEDIA HITPIECES CLAIMING THE SQUEEZE IS OVER THIS WEEKEND.   THEY WILL TRY TO KILL THE HYPE WHEN TRADING IS DOWN AND CAUSE A MONDAY SELL-OFF.   HOLD. THE. FUCKIN. LINE.   obligatory 'not a financial advisor' BS goes here, we just like the fuckin' stock   Edit: This is NOT my post. Please refer to u/yzy_ as they are the OP. I firmly believe their words and only want to further spread the message. Hold the fucking line  🤲🏻
Just to brush up on the violation of Robinhood .
Antifraud Rule [Securities] Law and Legal Definition  Antifraud Rule is one of the most important rules promulgated by the   Securities and Exchange Commission that prohibits deceptive or manipulative practices like material misrepresentations or omissions in the buying or selling of securities. The rule codified at 17 CFR   says:   §   Employment of manipulative and deceptive devices.   It shall be unlawful for any person, directly or indirectly, by the use of any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce, or of the mails or of any facility of any national securities exchange,   (a) To employ any device, scheme, or artifice to defraud,   (b) To make any untrue statement of a material fact or to omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or   (c) To engage in any act, practice, or course of business which operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon any person, in connection with the purchase or sale of any security.   This is also known as Rule 10b-5   I'm not sure the time limit on bringing them to justice before" latches incurred "happens , but silence in the matter represents consent in some peoples eyes . I'm making it clear I'm not ok with robinhood actions , as I'm sure many of you feel the same . Does anyone know how to reach to out to the class action lawsuits against robinhood ?
FOR EVERYONE WHO WANTS TO LEAVE ROBINHOOD 🚫
STEP 1. STAY WITH ROBINHOOD UNTIL THIS IS OVER AND OPEN ANOTHER ACCOUNT SIMULTANEOUSLY  By doing so, we circumvent the restrictions and still hold on to our shares on Robinhood. It would be a mistake to transfer or cash out shares as we all know that they're bedpartners with Citadel. They could freeze them for weeks. Btw prepare for sudden server outages and more restrictions.  STEP 2. FIND A BROKER THAT DIDN'T F    US UP ON THURSDAY...    Fidelity   is instantly setup with fast sign up and instant deposit/buying power.   Vanguard   is another alternative broker (they're a boomer broker but keep in mind that Vanguard is one of the largest institutional holders of GME).   SoFi   went well with us too but he careful. The best option is obviously Fidelity here, but we should be expect every worst-case scenario possible.  STEP 3.    HOLD  🤚🏾    WE LIKE THIS STOCK A LOT     (I'm not a financial advisor. We're all  🦧)
Friendly PSA: Move your money off Robbinghood to any of these brokerages
Lots of people asking, money in Robinhood....Robinhood suk.  Wat do?     I am not a financial services advisor.   This is just my opinion.  I do not work for these companies.  This is not an ad.  Pick any one of these:    Fidelity   Charles Schwab   Vanguard   TD Ameritrade   WeBull(for you autists who love fingering your phones all day)   E Trade   SoFi(Chamath's firm)  Of those, Fidelity and Vanguard are possibly the best for mutual funds, research, etc.  Yeah I said mutual funds - the boomer stuff.  Fidelity also has a high quality technical desktop trading app, and a good iOS/Android experience.   So does TD Ameritrade.  The rest - don't know, but probably good.  They have very low management fees for their funds.  And of course, offer options trading as well.  One stop shop for your grandma's 401k, dad's Apple stock purchases, and your pants on head stupid calls.  Godspeed. And hold your GME stock.  Edit: Many good suggestions already for brokers big and small.   This list isn't all inclusive, just a few options.  Edit again: as u/lastlaff   and u/ElectrycStorme state, don't close your GME positions.  Do move your available cash.  DO NOT CLOSE YOUR POSITIONS IN GME.  ONLY MOVE CASH, OR MAKE ANY FUTURE GME BUYS THROUGH THE FIRMS LISTED ABOVE OR OTHERS.
WSB is officially 4 millions monkeys at keyboards, and we are starting to produce Shakespeare
What started as a ragtag of mutant internet people rolling the dice on SPY has evolved into the single greatest and most powerful financial think tank to ever exist. The hedgefunds have their fancy degrees,  but we are legion. WSB is essentially evolving into the Wikipedia of Investing. Somebody cooks up a play. Someone else finds more info. Another guy points out where we're wrong. After a bit of this what forms is sometimes a lazer sharp thesis that is open-source and free for all to view and participate in. You heard Chamath he said our DD is as good or better than the hedgefunds. He even said he learned about gamma and delta hedging FROM US while poking around the sub. We are getting smarter every day and soon wallstreet and the media will be sucking our HUGE  collective Dong  TLDR; We are strong. No one can tell us were wrong. Stonks are a battlefield.
Andrew Left of Citron Signals a Pivot into the "Bailout Solicitor" Business. This Comes Just Days After Hurling Questionable Allegations of Threats By GME Long Position Holders. The leeches are starting to lose their grip, fellas.
It ain't much but fuck you Robinhood!
Take a second to breathe and think
Emotions are running wild and are beyond the point of no return. Everyone needs to take a moment to breathe and reset, to digest the information being shoved down our throats a mile a minute, and to think of every connection each piece of information has with one another.  Since everyone is in a state of euphoria (or shitting themselves like Vlad), we would start to neglect otherwise important variables that are part of the big picture.  For example, are there any rules in place for these funds, not just the shorts but also the funds that are actually causing the price action of all these tickers yet allowing this sub to get blamed for the market movement, from riding the hype wave up and selling at intervals in order to finally do their job and hedge?  The sub has yet to create a megathread of the proof of conflicts of interest, corruption, suppression, and manipulation. Everything needs to be documented, so having everything in a megathread (also create copies in case of BS) will be helpful in the lawsuits and probes to come. From Citadel having former SEC members working for them to the short laddering techniques to the restriction of buying but not selling on Robinhood, ALL of this needs to gain exposure.  Edit: read my comments you window lickers, call me a hedge fund shill and I'll steal your rocket emojis. I'm typing this half awake.
[GME] Lets do some math. I know its hard, but hopefully it helps?
Latest data says the short float is around 113%. Lets call it 110% to be conservative and make math easier    Shares outstanding   million. But we care about the float so   Lets call it 47 because math is hard    Current interest rate says   Again 33 is close enough     So for hedge funds that are short what would it take to cover? Pretty simple from the yahoo data 47M shares in the float     short =   shares shorted   313 our current stock price =   $ lets call it   to cover all the outstanding shorts       $16,200,000,000 to cover all outstanding short positions based on current stock price   On the other side how much is this costing the shorts in total per day?  For each share: 313   .33 =   $ per year per share / 365 = .283 $ per day/share     = 14,630,000 a day Or since rounding might screw us and lazy (313   51,700,000   .33) / 365 = 14,630,000. Hooray it doesn’t       $14,630,000 being spent per day on interest payments   This seems to leave them with a choice.  Wait it out because it will take 3 years to pay the same amount of interest that it would be to cover today while scalping shares along the way to slowly recover their position. In the meantime probably some intensive lobbying to see if they can change the rules to make being retarded illegal.  Or cover, which based on what we have seen seems to scare the shit out of them.    Tl;dr What does all this mean? Fuck if I know, I would bet they are going to try their hardest to wait this out and let it blow over and play whatever dirty tricks possible to keep from being forced to cover and send us to the moon. Either way best way to get #2 to happen is to HOLD YOUR DAMN SHARES AND DONT LET THEM SLOWLY RECOVER.   Im letting my shares ride, im either going to be a whaler on the moon or im back to 0.  Something about financial advice, but this is just math, do whatever the hell you want with your own damn money  Edit: Formatting sucks  Edit 2: This is for a snapshot in time right now, not indicative of what could happen in the future, just something to keep in mind. if (or when) the price goes up or volatility goes up, interest rates go with it. Check out the Iborrow link to see past interest rates hit as high as    Edit 3: I still 100% believe we will hit the short squeeze, once we get below 100% short float and the market can actually handle it. Just some interesting numbers on potentially why this process has dragged on.
Suggestion to GME board members as a worst case scenario which will end in a win-win for the company & all share holders while offering shorts an out
So, there's \~50 million shares available right now and lets say 65 million are shorted.  What if GME offered an obscene amount of shares knowing that they wouldn't all be bought and only bought as a worst case scenario for the hedge funds?  What if they did a cap raise of 50 million shares all at a price of lets say $1000?  If hedge funds are forced to cover, that's their out.  Or for fun, we could do it at 2000.  Or, a range of prices.  The first million shares at 1000, the next at 1100, etc.  All current holders, Ryan Cohen, board members, etc would get diluted.  But, they would be getting diluted and the value of their shares would increase due to the raise being higher than the current stock price.  EXAMPLE. 50m shares at 300 are available right now.  They share 50m more at 1000 each.  Each share gets diluted by half, but each of the current shares gain 500 dollars of value.  Essentially, by selling the shares at 1000 each, current share value goes up to $650.  I don't know what I'm talking about, if what I'm suggesting is stupid, say so.  Or, get this to the top of wsb as a worst case trigger to pull.     rockets rockets rockets diamond emoji hands prayer etc     Edit: everyone who holds gamestop would get paid out pretty decently, the whole stock market doesn't go into turmoil, hedge funds learn their hundreds of billions dollars lesson
"Transferring the wealth"
I got a little too leveraged in GameStop and the fear took over. Probably re-enter Monday.
I’m an actual fucking retard and I hate myself. I bought at the high and got super paper hands AH as it kept dropping. I may buy back in Monday, but I’m sorry to my GME brothers.  I was truthfully worried about what shit they may try to pull over the weekend to fuck us and wanted to wait til Monday for re-entry. 2 days is a long time for people with pockets deeper than the Pacific Ocean to collude.   I’m sure I will regret and insured spend that time watching my wife’s boyfriend skull fuck her with my hands tied behind my back like the terrible trader I am.  Edit:😭 👈🏻
$  is getting real
E19: Breaking down Robinhood's GameStop decision: Why did it happen and how can it be prevented in the future? All-In with Chamath, Jason, Sacks & Friedberg
"So I just started buying. Bang! Bang!." - Me explaining to my wife how I got involved.
Update as of 1/29. 19 years old and not selling! Planning on getting a Tesla after this is all over (and of course switching brokers)!
Important! If the NYSE announces a halt on trading on GME, it will only hurt the shorts.
I’m not a financial advisor, but I did get in at $15 (and more at $350) so thanks DFV and SJA (I hope you got back in on time) 💪  I think we need to consider the possibility that the NYSE might halt trading on GME to prevent further market irregularities. This could happen as early as next week, based off my extensive speculation.  But have no fear! Who would a 30 day halt on trading hurt? The guys who are hemorrhaging billions    So if news pops that the NYSE is planning to halt, you bet your ass this guy 🙋‍♂️ is holding every damn share.    , I like the stock, and fuck the hedge asswipes
Where to go from here with $GME and $CMS
Hey all around degens! I have been following everything that's been going on just as many have (hard not to) and hell, even went all in and bought a share of GME and a call for $AMC myself (both at peak prices, $375 GMA, $1,250 AMC $9 2/5).  Now, alot of people have been brought together throughout all of this. This has been the start of something HUGE,   and bigger than all of us.  After today, hitting our target prices for $GME and $AMC, I am curious about what the endgame is? I know this has got to end at somepoint somewhere and there will most likely be bagholders at the end of all   lot of people are going to be hurting, in a time where people are already really hurting. So what side will prevail? Will some retailers, people like you and me, be holding in the end? Or will these shorters have to take the L and just eat it all?   For awhile everyone here were made out to be unknowledgable kids who are just gambling and don't understand the risks by the media, and will need to understand when it's time to pay up its time to pay   my opinion however, these hedges that shorted got caught with there pants   knew the risks and thought it could never happen. So much so they shorted over 100%. And now the tides against them, drowning them. Shouldn't they be the ones to take the L and pay up?  EDIT: Obviously    this is going to the fucking moon Boys
$30 to $13830
To the newcomers! (From a newcomer!)
This is the first time I have ever bought stock, but I fucking love gambling, and I fucking love the ability to  possibly fuck rich people out of their money. The people deserve it.  That being said, I have tried learning as much as I can in a short amount of time, but none of that is really important because none of what happening other than paying attention to people’s psychological motivation.   If you are scared and worried about losing your money, JUST LOOK AT HOW MANY PEOPLE ARE HYPE, ALL HOLDING TIL THE END! Don’t get itchy when you see it break 500+! Everyone else feels the same, but this is gonna be great for each individual retail investor choosing to be part of this.   This is not financial advice, I JUST LIKE MY NEW APE BROTHERS AND I LIKE THE STOCK         3 shares @ 330 and 2 shares @ 360
"There are scores of similarities between former President Donald Trump’s “Make America Great Again” movement and the GameStop surge." - CNBC article
I have seen 3-4 articles attempting to link GME and WSB and the "Trump" brand.  This is how you know we are winning. HOLD          200 GME, 2900 AMC     \- for reference, but you can google it and find these articles. circulating since yesterday.     EDIT: share to stop this subversion
The future is now old man!
My response to these hedge funds while I'm sitting in my $10 chair in my dive bar.
RFC: A frontend for WSB. What would you want out of it?
Michael Burry’s thoughts on $GME saga
We are living in a weird timeline
THEY HAVE GOT NO BULLET
Who the fuck needs the news???
Seriously what the fuck? We’ve been looking at CNBC,  Shitron Research, The Fool, and whatever else to gauge markets and figure out what’s gonna happen when the bell tolls.  All we fucking need anymore is this sub, or any other large group of people talking stocks...  maybe investopedia for when we forget was intrinsic value is, too   CNBC wants to put fake ads of Melvin closing positions.   Fuck them    Citron wants to bait us by claiming no more short reports?   Fuck them too    Just buy the fucking stock and watch the corrupted ones tumble. We will flourish as news sites and hedge funds lose   billions
Circle of life
Story Time: Silver short squeeze
## How the Hunt Brothers Cornered the Silver Market and Then Lost it All  ## TL:DR: yes its long. Grab a beer.      Until his dying day in 2014, Nelson Bunker Hunt, who had once been the world’s wealthiest man, denied that he and his brother plotted to corner the global silver market.   Sure, back in 1980, Bunker, his younger brother Herbert, and other members of the Hunt clan owned roughly two-thirds of all the privately held silver on earth. But the historic stockpiling of bullion hadn’t been a ploy to manipulate the market, they and their sizable legal team would insist in the following years. Instead, it was a strategy to hedge against the voracious inflation of the 1970s—a monumental bet against the   dollar.  Whatever the motive, it was a bet that went historically sour. The debt-fueled boom and bust of the global silver market not only decimated the Hunt fortune, but threatened to take down the   financial system.   The panic of “Silver Thursday” took place over 35 years ago, but it still raises questions about the nature of financial manipulation. While many view the Hunt brothers as members of a long succession of white collar crooks, from Charles Ponzi to Bernie Madoff, others see the endearingly eccentric Texans as the victims of overstepping regulators and vindictive insiders who couldn’t stand the thought of being played by a couple of southern yokels.  In either case, the story of the Hunt brothers just goes to show how difficult it can be to distinguish illegal market manipulation from the old fashioned wheeling and dealing that make our markets work.    The Real-Life Ewings    Whatever their foibles, the Hunts make for an interesting cast of characters. Evidently  CBS  thought so; the family is   to be the basis for the Ewings, the fictional Texas oil dynasty of  Dallas  fame.  Sitting at the top of the family tree was   Hunt, a man who   purchased his first oil field with poker winnings and made a fortune drilling in east Texas.   was a well-known oddball to boot, and his sons inherited many of their father’s quirks.  For one, there was the stinginess. Despite being the richest man on earth in the 1960s, Bunker Hunt (who went by his middle name), along with his younger brothers Herbert (first name William) and Lamar, cultivated an image as unpretentious good old boys. They drove old Cadillacs, flew coach, and when they eventually went to trial in New York City in 1988, they took the subway. As one Texas editor was quoted in the  , Bunker Hunt was “the kind of guy who orders chicken-fried steak and Jello-O, spills some on his tie, and then goes out and buys all the silver in the world.”  Cheap suits aside, the Hunts were not without their ostentation. At the end of the 1970s, Bunker boasted a stable of over 500 horses and his little brother Lamar owned the Kansas City Chiefs. All six children of  ’s first marriage (the patriarch of the Hunt family had fifteen children by three women before he died in 1974) lived on estates befitting the scions of a Texas billionaire. These lifestyles were financed by trusts, but also risky investments in oil, real estate, and a host of commodities including sugar beets, soybeans, and, before long, silver.   The Hunt brothers also inherited their father’s political inclinations. A zealous anti-Communist, Bunker Hunt bankrolled conservative causes and was a prominent member of the John Birch Society, a group whose founder once   that Dwight Eisenhower was a “dedicated, conscious agent” of Soviet conspiracy. In November of 1963, Hunt sponsored a particularly ill-timed political  , which distributed   around Dallas condemning President Kennedy for alleged slights against the Constitution on the day that he was assassinated. JFK conspiracy theorists have been obsessed with Hunt ever since.   In fact, it was the Hunt brand of politics that partially explains what led Bunker and Herbert to start buying silver in 1973.    Hard Money    The 1970s were not kind to the   dollar.  Years of wartime spending and unresponsive monetary policy pushed inflation upward throughout the late 1960s and early 1970s. Then, in October of 1973, war broke out in the Middle East and an oil embargo was declared against the United States. Inflation jumped above 10%. It would stay high throughout the decade, peaking in the aftermath of the Iranian Revolution at an annual average of   in 1980.  Over the same period of time, the global monetary system underwent a historic transformation. Since the first Roosevelt administration, the   dollar had been pegged to the value of gold at a predictable rate of $35 per ounce. But in 1971, President Nixon, responding to inflationary pressures, suspended that relationship. For the first time in modern history, the paper dollar did not represent some fixed amount of tangible, precious metal sitting in a vault somewhere.  For conservative commodity traders like the Hunts, who blamed government spending for inflation and held grave reservations about the viability of fiat currency, the perceived stability of precious metal offered a financial safe harbor. It was illegal to trade gold in the early 1970s, so the Hunts turned to the next best thing.  📷  > Data from the    ; chart by Priceonomics   As an investment, there was a lot to like about silver. The Hunts were not alone in fleeing to bullion amid all the inflation and geopolitical turbulence, so the price was ticking up. Plus, light-sensitive silver halide is a key component of photographic film. With the growth of the consumer photography market, new production from mines struggled to keep up with demand.  And so, in 1973, Bunker and Herbert bought over 35 million ounces of silver, most of which they flew to Switzerland in specifically designed airplanes guarded by armed Texas ranch hands. According to one  , the Hunt’s purchases were big enough to move the global market.   But silver was not the Hunts' only speculative venture in the 1970s. Nor was it the only one that got them into trouble with regulators.    Soy Before Silver    In 1977, the price of soybeans was rising fast. Trade restrictions on Brazil and growing demand from China made the legume a hot commodity, and both Bunker and Herbert decided to enter the futures market in April of that year.  A future is an agreement to buy or sell some quantity of a commodity at an agreed upon price at a later date. If someone contracts to buy soybeans in the future (they are said to take the “long” position), they will benefit if the price of soybeans rise, since they have locked in the lower price ahead of time. Likewise, if someone contracts to sell (that’s called the “short” position), they benefit if the price falls, since they have locked in the old, higher price.  While futures contracts can be used by soybean farmers and soy milk producers to guard against price swings, most futures are traded by people who wouldn’t necessarily know tofu from cream cheese. As a  de facto  insurance contract against market volatility, futures can be used to hedge other investments or simply to gamble on prices going up (by going long) or down (by going short).  When the Hunts decided to go long in the soybean futures market, they went very, very long. Between Bunker, Herbert, and the accounts of five of their children, the Hunts collectively purchased the right to buy one-third of the entire autumn soybean harvest of the United States.  To some, it appeared as if the Hunts were attempting to corner the soybean market.  In its simplest version, a corner occurs when someone buys up all (or at least, most) of the available quantity of a commodity. This creates an artificial shortage, which drives up the price, and allows the market manipulator to sell some of his stockpile at a higher profit.  Futures markets introduce some additional complexity to the cornerer’s scheme. Recall that when a trader takes a short position on a contract, he or she is pledging to sell a certain amount of product to the holder of the long position. But if the holder of the long position just so happens to be sitting on all the readily available supply of the commodity under contract, the short seller faces an unenviable choice: go scrounge up some of the very scarce product in order to “make delivery” or just pay the cornerer a hefty premium and nullify the deal entirely.  In this case, the cornerer is actually counting on the shorts to do the latter, says Craig Pirrong, professor of finance at the University of Houston. If too many short sellers find that it actually costs less to deliver the product, the market manipulator will be stuck with warehouses full of inventory. Finance experts refer to selling the all the excess supply after building a corner as “burying the corpse.”  “That is when the price collapses,” explains Pirrong. “But if the number of deliveries isn’t too high, the loss from selling at the low price after the corner is smaller than the profit from selling contracts at the high price.”  📷  > The Chicago Board of Trade trading floor. Photo credit:     Even so, when the Commodity Futures Trading Commission found that a single family from Texas had contracted to buy a sizable portion of the 1977 soybean crop, they did not accuse the Hunts of outright market manipulation. Instead, noting that the Hunts had exceeded the 3 million bushel aggregate limit on soybean holdings by about 20 million, the CFTC   that the Hunt’s “excessive holdings threaten disruption of the market and could cause serious injury to the American public.” The CFTC ordered the Hunts to sell and to pay a penalty of $500,000.  Though the Hunts made tens of millions of dollars on paper while soybean prices skyrocketed, it’s unclear whether they were able to cash out before the regulatory intervention. In any case, the Hunts were none too pleased with the decision.   “Apparently the CFTC is trying to repeal the law of supply and demand,” Bunker complained to the  .    Silver Thursday    Despite the run in with regulators, the Hunts were not dissuaded. Bunker and Herbert had eased up on silver after their initial big buy in 1973, but in the fall of 1979, they were back with a vengeance. By the end of the year, Bunker and Herbert owned 21 million ounces of physical silver each. They had even larger positions in the silver futures market: Bunker was long on 45 million ounces, while Herbert held contracts for 20 million. Their little brother Lamar also had a more “modest” position.  By the new year, with every dollar increase in the price of silver, the Hunts were making $100 million on paper. But unlike most investors, when their profitable futures contracts expired, they took delivery. As in 1973, they arranged to have the metal flown to Switzerland. Intentional or not, this helped create a shortage of the metal for industrial supply.  Naturally, the industrialists were unhappy. From a spot price of around $6 per ounce in early 1979, the price of silver shot up to $  in January of 1980. In the same week, silver futures contracts were trading at $  Film companies like Kodak saw costs go through the roof, while the British film producer, Ilford, was forced to lay off workers. Traditional bullion dealers, caught in a squeeze, cried foul to the commodity exchanges, and the New York jewelry house Tiffany & Co. took out a full page ad in the  New York Times  slamming the “unconscionable” Hunt brothers. They were right to single out the Hunts; in mid-January, they controlled 69% of all the silver futures contracts on the Commodity Exchange (COMEX) in New York.  📷  > Source:     But as the high prices persisted, new silver began to come out of the woodwork.     “In the  , people rifled their dresser drawers and sofa cushions to find dimes and quarters with silver content and had them melted down,” says Pirrong, from the University of Houston. “Silver is a classic part of a bride’s trousseau in India, and when prices got high, women sold silver out of their trousseaus.”  According to a   article published that March, the   police warned residents of a rash of home burglaries targeting silver.   Unfortunately for the Hunts, all this new supply had a predictable effect. Rather than close out their contracts, short sellers suddenly found it was easier to get their hands on new supplies of silver and deliver.  “The main factor that has caused corners to fail \[throughout history\] is that the manipulator has underestimated how much will be delivered to him if he succeeds \[at\] raising the price to artificial levels,” says Pirrong. “Eventually, the Hunts ran out of money to pay for all the silver that was thrown at them.”  In financial terms, the brothers had a large corpse on their hands—and no way to bury it.  This proved to be an especially big problem, because it wasn’t just the Hunt fortune that was on the line. Of the $  billion worth of silver the Hunts held at the top of the market, the brothers had “only” spent a little over $1 billion of their own money. The rest was borrowed from over 20 banks and brokerage houses.  At the same time, COMEX decided to crack down. On January 7, 1980, the exchange’s board of governors announced that it would cap the size of silver futures exposure to 3 million ounces. Those in excess of the cap (say, by the tens of millions) were given until the following month to bring themselves into compliance. But that was too long for the Chicago Board of Trade exchange, which suspended the issue of  any  new silver futures on January 21. Silver futures traders would only be allowed to square up old contracts.  Predictably, silver prices began to slide. As the various banks and other firms that had backed the Hunt bullion binge began to recognize the tenuousness of their financial position, they issued margin calls, asking the brothers to put up more money as collateral for their debts. The Hunts, unable to sell silver lest they trigger a panic, borrowed even more. By early March, futures contracts had fallen to the mid-$30 range.  Matters finally came to a head on March 25, when one of the Hunts’ largest backers, the Bache Group, asked for $100 million more in collateral. The brothers were out of cash, and Bache was unwilling to accept silver in its place, as it had been doing throughout the month. With the Hunts in default, Bache did the only thing it could to start recouping its losses: it start to unload silver.  On March 27, “Silver Thursday,” the silver futures market dropped by a third to $  Just two months earlier, these contracts had been trading at four times that amount.    The Aftermath    After the oil bust of the early 1980s and a series of lawsuits polished off the remainder of the Hunt brothers’ once historic fortune, the two declared bankruptcy in 1988. Bunker, who had been worth an estimated $16 billion in the 1960s, emerged with under $10 million to his name. That’s not exactly chump change, but it wasn’t enough to maintain his 500-plus stable of horses,.  The Hunts almost dragged their lenders into bankruptcy too—and with them, a sizable chunk of the   financial system. Over twenty financial institutions had extended over a billion dollars in credit to the Hunt brothers. The default and resulting collapse of silver prices blew holes in balance sheets across Wall Street. A privately orchestrated bailout loan from a number of banks allowed the brothers to start paying off their debts and keep their creditors afloat, but the markets and regulators were rattled.    Silver Spot Prices Per Ounce (January, 1979 - June, 1980)    📷  > Source:     In the words of then CFTC chief James Stone, the Hunts’ antics had threatened to punch a hole in the “financial fabric of the United States” like nothing had in decades. Writing about the entire episode a year later,   described Silver Thursday as “the first great panic since October 1929.”  The trouble was not over for the Hunts. In the following years, the brothers were dragged before Congressional hearings, got into a legal spat with their lenders, and were sued by a Peruvian mineral marketing company, which had suffered big losses in the crash. In 1988, a New York City jury found for the South American firm, levying a penalty of over $130 million against the Hunts and finding that they had deliberately conspired to corner the silver market.  Surprisingly, there is still some disagreement on that point.  Bunker Hunt attributed the whole affair to the political motives of COMEX insiders and regulators. Referring to himself   as “a favorite whipping boy” of an eastern financial establishment riddled with liberals and socialists, Bunker and his brother, Herbert, are still perceived as martyrs by some on the far-right.   “Political and financial insiders repeatedly changed the rules of the game,” wrote the  . “There is little evidence to support the ‘corner the market’ narrative.”  Though the Hunt brothers clearly amassed a staggering amount of silver and silver derivatives at the end of the 1970s, it is impossible to prove definitively that market manipulation was in their hearts. Maybe, as the Hunts always claimed, they just  really  believed in the enduring value of silver.  Or maybe, as others have noted, the Hunt brothers had no idea what they were doing. Call it the stupidity defense.  “They’re terribly unsophisticated,” an anonymous associated was quoted as saying of the Hunts in a   article from 1989. “They make all the mistakes most other people make,” said another.    credit to  Ben Christopher
Request: Request: one-stop #thebigsqueeze website with short interest, hedge fund pain index ($/day maintenance), and FAQs
This week brought the GME situation to the attention of the masses. There is a lot of debate and misinformation, but everybody is united on one thing: Hedgies deserve the pain we are trying to bring. The common man deserves to play the same game that wall street does.  This is our opportunity to make this a movement. With an appealing website, the threat of the squeeze may strike fear in our enemies. If we works, we get more   🤲 on our side. If it scares fundies, they cover. Can't go tits up.  #So, listen up webdev nerds. We need a website for normies.    We need a centralized source of information, status, and FAQs   A reference and guide for everyone that wants to get involved.   One of you autistic basement dwelling nerds please just make this thing. We need it by Monday.    I'll fucking cashapp you $100 if its good enough to get pinned. (Other retards, feel free to chip in)   It should contain the following:   -  ##1. A summary of the situation  Your audience is normal people, not retards. Keep it honest, unopinionated, professional:  Hedge funds overly shorted a stock, and we can make them pay. They put themselves in a vulnerable position, and we have the power to capitalize on it. The fundamentals of the stock are largely irrelevant, but Gamestop is not destined for bankruptcy -- in fact it's future looks bright.  (Lots of links.  gmedd, roaringkitty summary vids, anything you can find)  This section will contain links that are sympathetic to our efforts:    Tweets by celebrities   Videos of Chamanth and other immortals defending us   Videos of that old boomer cooperman saying "fair shake is bullshit. its just an attack on the rich!"   Articles about what GME now represents     ##2: What is short selling?  A description of why hedge funds are vulnerable. They borrowed shares, and must pay interest on what they owe. As the price of the stock goes up, they are incentivized to buy shares back (called "covering") so that they do not need to pay interest anymore. Every time they cover, the price will go up, creating a feedback loop. This is a short squeeze.  They borrowed so many shares that we can very easily make it difficult for them to buy shares back. "Difficult" means "expensive". The profits go to us.     ##3: Current pain index  A section showing the hedges current pain.  These values will be filled in with current estimates, but the user can alter them as they see fit.  The idea here is to gamify this a little. Show really big a number from 1 to 100, where log($1m/day) = 1, and log($1b/day) = 100, and below it the $/day.  Explain that we collectively push this index higher by buying shares, and not ever selling.  This section also displays how this number is computed: how many shares are estimated to be borrowed and how much interest they are paying.    Current short interest (in shares) estimates.   Current borrow amount (short interest x share price)   Current borrow fee   Pain:  Daily / Weekly / Month cost to remain short   Estimated available shares to buy (float minus locked shares.. can be linked to WSB post that estimates this or make your own)     ##3: FAQS  Real, honest, and transparent with the risk.    How does a short squeeze work?    Link to a youtube video with an animation so that any ape could understand it.    Count me in! How do I buy shares?   Fidelity of Vanguard. Other brokers have previously prevented the purchasing of GME shares. Do not trust the following: (big list of shitty brokers)    I'm told this is a bubble/speculative/volatile/etc   This is true. This is not for everyone. If you cannot stomach the risk of losing what you put in, then you should sit this one out.    Will I end up a "bagholder?"   Unfortunately, it is possible you will not sell for more than you paid. The higher the price is, the more likely this becomes. It is extremely difficult to predict what price is the peak, or when the short squeeze is over and the prices will fall. For that reason, we once again recommend not putting in more than you can afford to lose.    How high could the peak go?   The amount of GME shares shorted is unprecedented. Additionally, the amount of attention this situation has received is also unprecedented. Therefore, the peak could be unprecedented.  As the supply of shares gets lower (from us buying and holding), the demand gets higher (from the pain index increasing) -- thus the price goes higher. This cycle feeds back on itself until supply and demand balance out.     -    tldr: one of you nerds fucking make a friendly non bullshit site with some info that everyone on this sub asks 10000 fucking times a day.   Then we can all share it on twitter, etc. Fundies get to send their talking heads on TV, we just need a URL. I'll cashapp you $100 if it ends up pinned on homepage.
Linus Sebastian is in for $50k of GME
What happens if RH users are prohibited from selling when the squeeze happens?
EDIT: This thread is about Robinhood in particular. I know that not letting anybody sell (across all platforms) wouldn’t be in Citadel’s best in interest. I’m talking about if ONLY Robinhood users aren’t able to sell.  —————  I’ve made a ton of comments and posts about this with no real replies, so I don’t think there’s any recourse whatsoever if this happens.  Either RH shuts down completely “pending investigation”, or they conveniently experience an outage while the squeeze is happening. Either way, those of us with GME shares in RH can’t sell when the squeeze happens.  Can’t transfer the stocks to another broker since that takes a week, and by then the squeeze will likely be done and the price will come crashing down again.  And a lot of us don’t have the spare cash laying around to just buy more shares at another broker and forget about the ones we have in RH.  It’s a serious concern, and I think there’s a near 100% possibility that they pull something like this as it’s their only move to stop people from making money on the squeeze. Those of us stuck with RH will be forced to watch our shares gain a ton of value, not be able to sell, then watch the price tank. And there’s not a damn thing we can do about it.
NEVER SELL
I'm from India, so I don't trade in US markets. I read about Robinhood a couple days back. ROBINHOOD CAN SUCK IT! Bring it home guys...
Yo dudes so I heard of this company called robinhood that’s going public soon
So I don't think investing in them will be a good idea, this is all just personal opinion not advice and here's what I know.   I heard they treat their customers like shit and care more about boot licking some billionaires dress shoes than providing a quality service to their users.  They also use some pretty sketchy methods to profit off their customers so once that becomes more widely known I don't feel like their user growth will continue any longer.  Also they have an extremely unreliable and low quality service compared to their competitors of which there are hundreds, that provide the same general services with better quality and respect to their customers.  Finally, the company is also facing a couple class actions due to their illegal and sketchy methods of abusing their users.   Personally I would stay away from their IPO if that ever happens now, cuz I don't think the risk of the business surviving in the long term is very high, their customer growth is abysmal, and the lawsuits will definitely put a drain on their capital. Also their CEO looks like he's still a virgin, so how can he run a successful business if he can't even successfully dip his banana?  This isn't investment advice I just hate the company
How about a paper trading competition when this is all over?
Mods,   There has clearly been a lot of new blood here in these unprecedented times. Unprecedented for the market, and unprecedented for how the sub is behaving. I, for one, never thought i would see the day where we allow, no,  embrace  shares. There have been so many questions and so much learning that needs to be done. What do you say we set up a paper trading competition when this is all done? Teach the noobs about options yolos, earnings, FDs, and so much more. Give them the chance to separate the autists from the retards.  &nbsp;  Positions or ban:  GME shares     , AAL 25c, GE 7c LEAPS
WE LIKE THIS STOCK
A lot of non-investors joined the fight to support the community and bring down Wall Street, but some stuff isn’t making sense. We’re told to HOLD, so we HOLD but we don’t know how to read the market. Let’s clarify it in here if possible.
Like I said, many of us joined because we believe in the cause. We believe that the game has been played by the 1% and we want to do what we can to bring it down. Whether 1 share or 500, many of us non-investors are being told to hold because of (insert reason here).   I think we’re doing a great job. All of us.   Here is the issue that gets brought up in a lid of threads and often gets bypassed:  If the big deals are manipulating buys; if they’re paying penalties instead of closing their shorts; if they have the SEC in their pocket; if they’re manipulating the market.... if they’re inventing the rules as they go.... what’s not to say the rules get changed and they don’t have to pay up ever. Really, haven’t they shown us that they will go to all lengths to avoid paying up. Can’t they just screw us over forever?  Please don’t downvote me to hell. I have just seen this question asked so many times with no real answer. Jokes are great, but not always necessary, especially when we need to educate each other for the greater good.   As always: HOLD,    🌒
Hypothetical Way the Elites Try to Screw Us and Avoid MoASS? OTM Calls and Market Halt.
Say these firms sell a fuckton of OTM calls for the next couple weeks, and then get their buddies at the NYSE to halt trading for 10-30 days or whatever (saw them talking about this on Barron's).   This includes trading options. So we won't be able to sell your calls to close, only exercise them. And, if I don't have the cash to exercise, guess what happens? They expire worthless (and yeah, if trading is completely halted, the price stays flat and the contracts will stay OTM).   Free money for these fucks, and they can burn any of us who are long OTM calls.   I thought it was odd that they suddenly bumped the sells all the way up to $800 strikes this morning.   What do you all think? Am I a paranoid retard? Does the benefit outweigh the risk? Tell me how I'm wrong and I'll buy OTM calls Monday at open. Otherwise, I'm thinking I'll stick to shares and ITM calls.   Smart soldiers live to fight on. Don't give them an opportunity to flank.
CHECK THIS OUT
I made the mistake of thinking we were taking risk on a level playing field.   The options market is what was even more messed up than the GME stock. All options released were becoming ITM. I had never seen this. The options clearing corporation were releasing absurd call strike prices and they were striking. All of them. Let that sink in.   The Options Clearing Corporation guarantees all of the options made. Go give the investopedia on them a read. They are conveniently doing maintenance tomorrow on their website and data will be down. The Options Clearing Corporation Serves as a central clearinghouse and regulator for listed options traded in the United States under the auspices of the SEC. The SEC was supposed to have oversight of them.   Lies were told across all major news networks. Interviews were given and headlines tried to push a narrative.   They painted r/wallstreetbets in a bad light. We are individual people making our own decisions. Taking our own risk. They took our financial freedom away from us on Thursday January 28th 2021. They limited access to buy stocks and drove the options price down to almost exactly max pain on low volume while they locked us out of a "free"market.   Today they must have had a plan, limit shares, short ladders,  hovered around most of the day and close at 320. Those same news stations all point to Robinhood a company that was soon to IPO at close to 20 Billion dollars. A company that was on a future course to make more in payment orders for stock and options than any other broker.   Another thing I have never seen is that bid/ask. The market makers were allowed to set it way wider than normal. That is not the issue. Someone needs to investigate why the bid was lowered so much lower almost all day than the ask. I am talking major movement to the bid.   Also someone needs to look into Jeff Psaki as he was leading the credit component of the strategy at Citadel. Why was this 140% short allowed from one of their brokers?  Edit: Getting Flooded with down votes at 10 and 20 at a single time why???
Steve Cohen owns the Mets. So...
I have a hunch that Steve Cohen's going to be a little broke in the near future.  Turns-out he owns 95% of the Mets. It was really important to him,  . So that means he's gotten to be majority owner of the Mets for about 90 days. Isn't that nice?  The Mets are worth  . 48% of   =    billion.  In theory, that would be a fair price (according to my smooth brain math).  So I think we should offer him $500 million  cash  for 48% of the Mets, with the option to buy more if the family turns-over their ownership to Cohen.  $650m less than the smooth-brain value of his stake in the team, but it would be an injection of $500m liquid capital which could help him buy GME shares from us right away.  I don't know how to run a fucking baseball team, doubt any of you do either (wait, maybe dfv...). But we could flip the majority stake to, idk, Jay-Z? Turn a little profit, make a foundation for families that got burned during the 2008 housing crisis and front-line medical workers?  Thoughts?                  TL;DR - NY Mets majority owner in financial stress, hostile WSB takeover imminent. Flip the majority ownership to someone for a profit.
EVERYTHING FOR A REASON!!! SOLD MY LONG TERM WINNERS SAVING ME MORE POTENTIAL LOSSES TODAY TO BUY MORE GME, ALL BECAUSE OF WSB! Holding to till MARS!
Alright ladies and gentlemen gather around. There is a chance we retail investors can take control of Wall street. This is a crazy and stupid as hell idea that is very flawed but here we go.
Forgot:              The story so far:  So if the GME squeeze actually follows through and we all hold it theoretically could hit like 10k or more per share. The problem with that is it would probably tanking the whole market stupid hard and send the stock market into a recession potentially. Because, virtually those shares could not be paid back. It’s why Robin Hood was in a panic they didn’t have enough liquidity. The squeeze is being suppressed for the reason it can’t be paid out. Essentially, unless other funds bail out the ones that went broke and go broke with them and then have the government or banks bail those guys out that would be the only way. But I’m doing so all of that would devastate the stock market because all of those hedge funds and bankers will have to liquidate every asset they have. Realistically, it would be like the ‘08 crash but in our favor or anyone holding GME or any other meme stock that flies with it. Because, investment institutions will get drained and all that should go to the people. Hopefully.  The plan:  Now for those who might see this. The idea should be to buy long term put options on either big Tech, or actually virtually anything because of an incoming massive decline. This would destroy the market tho because you couldn’t have those paid back either, due to if the situation above happens. But wait before you say “what’s the point?”. After the stocks of all these companies go to shit unfortunately because of the GME squeeze and put options they should be sent to such a low value that those who do have money can swoop in and absolutely take control of stocks that the rich and manipulative did. We then become the majority shareholders we become the stock market. The rich don’t control the companies the people control the companies we control what we like and what we want. The retail investors become the stock market.  Tldr;   The GME squeeze could destroy the market. Buy gay bear puts to make it worse. Then buy back all the stocks of big companies and have the retail investors take over the market.   I am a bit drunk and I am missing a lot of extra points but think about how stupid this could be  Edit:  I am not a financial advisor and I do not control your decisions this is just my thoughts written down. Do with it what you like.
BlackRock Quietly Doubles Down on $INO 1/29
>2021-01-29 - BlackRock Inc. has filed an SC 13G/A form with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) disclosing ownership of 14,242,941 shares of Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (US:INO). This represents   percent ownership of the company. In their previous filing dated 2020-02-05, BlackRock Inc. had reported owning 7,634,600 shares, indicating an increase of   percent.  From:        DD here:                ⭐     $GME    $INO
They’re afraid!
The big scandal: Some explanations & why trading got halted.
Citadel & Point72 bailed out Melvin Capital which was the GME short selling bagholder, but it does not end here.  There are other short sellers. And these stocks, not just GME , but others too, became extremely volatile and on giant volume.  So first there is the issue of liquidated funds that do not have immediate cash.  They hold positions and would have to unwind them to get cash to cover their margin calls.  Melvin Capital I read was down 30% and got bailed out, so they still have assets, just not liquid, no immediately available cash.  Trust me, if they had a gun to their head they'd have immediately available cash, they'd manage.  Second, even after what happened in 2007-2009, financial institutions with systemic risk are not THAT capitalized.  It's not new and never gets solved: in 1987 NYSE specialists had to bed big banks to provide them with more cash or the whole world would collapse.  And I think bureaucrats do not understand how this all works very well. No one does honestly. But bureaucrats are really clueless and under or overreact. Always.  It gets scary for the clearing firms when you have GME making $35 billion volume and going up 400% in 2 days, AMC making $20 billion and gap 300%, higher volumes than Apple and Amazon that are already higher than usual and on 100 times the volatility .  Interactive Broker CEO was the most honest in my eyes and in an interview with CNBC said they halted trading to protect their clients, the clearing houses, the market, and themselves. He said if they had not done it the short squeeze would have kept "going and going", so regulators & brokers agreed to stop it all to "stop the losses".  Robinhood decided to re-open trading and the CEO pretended he halted trading of the very volatile stocks as routine like "oh didn't notice anything special was going on" 🤡.  Webull CEO said in an interview their clearing house told them they could not take trades anymore. I think they use another entity than Robinhood does.  Not sure why Robinhood halted buying (and not selling). There's really the need for an investigation here. I can't tell you what happened because we do not know.     My 2 cents:  Short sellers are still very strong on this stock, I think they might even have added, I don't know if they are friends with the clearing house but either way they (ch) get stuck in this game, and retail investors are understandably angry at getting blocked like this.  Brokers don't have billions to my knowledge with which they can cover counterparty risk and they have no contractual obligation to do so and I mean they're not santa claus.  My personal opinion is short sellers refusing to liquidate and take the L is the source of all risks and problems (most of it might be options that they can just hold? Not sure how this gets counted in short interest).  Maybe already the counterparty clearing firms got wiped clean, but regardless of this if the price skyrockets further and the bagholding shorts that refuse to close while they can end up being liquidated and margin called, it's truly over for the market. Everyone is going bankrupt, WSB crashed the world.  The counterparty providers risk is real, but I am not their accountant, I do not know how bad things are, and we don't know what actors (if any) are of good faith. It could be (it probably is) shorties refusing to take the L, putting the whole market at risk.  I think they are really worried the price gets to 5000. From the Peterffy ( IBKR ) interview they really expected this. And it might still happen.  Lehman Brothers, James Cordier, Melvin, same story. They get greedy, they refuse to get out, they get rekt.  And sometimes they get an unfair bailout, and are so deluded they actually think they got unlucky when they really messed up.  TLDR: We didn't just screw over some poorly leveraged hedge funds. We put the whole system to the test and almost broke the plumbing.
Risk tolerance exercise for everyone in GME.
1. Use your left hand to grab your right forearm.   2. Squeeze. Feel the pressure? That’s how much money you make. Release the pressure.   3. Now squeeze as tight as you can. That squeeze represents the amount of money you have the opportunity to make. The longer you hold, the more you make.  Figure out what you are comfortable with.   Use this to get your head out of the game for a second and HOLD!!! Rocket                                    The longer we HOLD Go ahead, what have you got to loose? Try it.
Hold Indefinitely. Get paid Interest. Bleed them dry.
If everyone just holds their shares and allow shorting of your shares. Even if it doesn't squeeze higher from here, you can collect 30+% annualized interest. You are a credit card company now, and the shorts will have to shell out at least $6 Billion a year to borrow those shares that they can't cover. Everyone just buy a single share, make sure it is not on margin, and the entire float could be tied up indefinitely. It is time to become the bank and collect the loan shark level interest rates from them.  Another reason we like the stock, is because it is a steady and stable revenue stream. This is a sound investment IMO. It's like we are buying bonds that actually pay well.    EDIT:   A bunch of people asked about how to do this. Every broker is different. I have Ally and    And turning it on for me is as simple as    There are some base requirements you need to have in order to do this, and it could vary by broker. Like having annual income above a certain amount, or an account that is a large enough      EDIT EDIT:    The requirements to do this on Ally financial are as follows.    To be a part of the program, you need to have a cash or margin account with at least 1 of the following:      A net worth of at least $100,000    An account value greater than $50,000   An annual income greater than $50,000   More than 5 years’ trading experience of any kind
Silver Lake cashes out on AMC for $713 million after Reddit-fueled rally (The Problem: the rich only get richer - glad we did some damage this week)
Please watch The Big Short this weekend
I've watched it before, but didn't REALLY understand it. Now that I've been investing for a while, and understand it really hits a lot harder. It shows how criminal most of wall street is, and gives alot of perspective on the situation with everything now. Nothings changed, its just a different version with retail catching them this time. If you need more conviction to stand by your shares, maybe this will help.           Obligatory not financial advice, $5k in GME shares, and fuck wall street
I'm kind of unsure of what's happening. I should have around $4200 but robinhood is showing $3200. Can anyone explain?
Haven't posted here since I lost quite a bit back in May 2020 being a
I did not hop on the GME train, I was still shook from before. What you guys are doing is opening the world's eyes to our power. Watching the SEC back brokers and hearing talks of "regulation" has me thinking some real bullshit is on the way.   As a response, I wonder what would happen if we  🤲 our cash like   mean stop spending money on goods and services. Will stocks take hits if earnings are ass? Can we bleed wallstreet even worse if they pull some shady shit? Do we the consumer have the ultimate leverage?  Edit:     don't sell, hold strong    🤲
Movie Theaters Opened Friday in the Chicago Area - AMC MONDAY
Charles “Chad” Payne to a boomer on the right:”I’ve bought BB in my own account almost a year ago. WHO CARES ABOUT YOUR THESIS?! WHO CARES ABOUT YOUR SHORT FUNDAMENTALS?! I told you a year ago about BB 5G technology. These people are not stupid.”
We should expect the price to go sideways for a while. Don't lose hope.
They tried crashing the stock and we held.  They tried shutting off the fucking market and we found a way to buy more.  They lied on social media about closing their short positions and we made memes about it.  Next, they'll try to wait us out. The price went sideways today. We all expected the gamma squeeze to start and it never materialized. And that is by design, because now it's a psychological game. Now they want us to see the squeeze fail to materialize, day after day as they extend their positions, in the hopes that we get bored and give up. They are trying everything they can to make sure that this doesn't look the same as the VW squeeze, so that we decide that we miscalculated, or that this isn't happening.  Fuck that.  Remember that every day that goes by without settling their shorts they are bleeding interest payments on borrowed stock. Remember that every day that goes by without them closing their position the pressure mounts. Remember that  time is on our side, not theirs .  They can gargle my balls if they want my shares for less than $10,000 each, and I'll wait as long as it takes.  But this isn't financial advice, do your thing. I just like the stock.  EDIT: fuck, forgot
CRSR to the
When we're done collecting our tendies, can we spend a small portion per person to get this retard out of office? He's up for re-election in 2022
This is NOT a place for you to learn investing
I know the GME, AMC, BB and NOK train is very exciting, but this is absolutely not a place to learn investing for the first time. WSB is a wonderful place for YOLO plays, but there's a loss tag for a reason.  If you're a first-time investor, looking to learn about stocks, or wondering about the next GME...  PLEASE go to r/stocks or \    And for the love of god stop filling the mega thread with comments asking for investing advice. You're asking people to elaborate on rocket ships, we call it a casino for a reason. This is wallstreetBETS not 3% government bonds the subreddit. You CAN and probably WILL lose money at some point if you follow the subs advice.  WSB is a great place to find stock ideas, but you should ALWAYS do your own DD, and I highly suggest you come back to WSB once you understand what that means.  That being said, GME is going to the moon and you should definitely buy if you can afford it
Realism is not pessimism, a prediction for my fellow smooth brains
Here's a previous post I made just before the short ladder started           Next prediction, this weekend will be a flurry of activity with all the rich assholes. I honestly believe they will correct the entire market and essentially blame it on the GME situation. It will be spun as "consumer confidence is at an all time low due to the blatant manipulation" or some such bullshit.     Edit: to clarify, the whole point of my stating "when the short ladder started" is not that a short ladder occurred, but that it WAS ALLOWED TO OCCUR BY RESTRICTING YOUR ABILITY TO PURCHASE THE STOCK. The whole subject of this discussion is that "they are going to change the rules so that you cannot win", and I am proven correct with each passing day. Mathematically there should be almost no limit to what this price will go to, but here you are, stuck at sub $400. Just watch, regulatory intervention inbound.
Hold GME to the MOON
I would like to formally apologize to the man holding GME that I doubted a month ago. I am in and holding until we die or squeeze to the moon
Fuck it, sold all my positions of SQ and buying another 37k in more GME opening Monday.
MELVIN’S LOSSES ARE SOCIETY’S GAINZ!! IF YOU MADE SOME, GIVE SOME.   🥵💸
Bruce = Hedge Funds
1612005288
I'm just realizing that brokers putting limits on buys means huge moves are coming...
Hear me out   \- feel free to tell me if I'm wrong - I'm keeping this short and sweet so read up.  We have brokers (mainly Robinhood) limiting buys and it's now well known that they may be having liquidity issues with clearing orders due to volatility.   If a clearing issue is the reason we can't buy, because your buy may be substantially higher (or lower but we don't talk about that here) within the 2 days it takes to clear...     This means they are already pricing in the moon.    If I'm late to realizing this slap me up.       -FUCKING-
We hold! The show goes on!! GME to the moon. Who's with me? May the autists congregate!
If you are a teacher or NYC government whose retirement fund is going to get wiped because of Melvin Capital, WSB can help
As much as we love taking down hedge funds, we have to remember that the people who work at these funds don’t really lose much except for their jobs. Instead, it is the investors who have significant money in the funds.   Based on Melvin Capital’s filings, some of the biggest investors in their fund were NYC government officials pension funds, which includes retirement accounts for teachers, janitors, and other regular people. Us monkeys are making a lot of money from GME and AMC but we should do it while making sure it’s only the hedge fund who are suffering, and not regular people.   As a result, if you were one of these people who’s retirement account is at risk due to what happened with Melvin, comment below and generous monkeys can help you out.   This is a war between the billionaire hedgies and commoner autists like us, and we should make sure that everyday people don’t become casualties. When hedge funds make money at the expense of others, they buy a new yatch. When WSB makes money by killing hedge funds, we give it back to the needy. Let’s make sure that rhetoric sticks.   Peace out autists and keep on holding
For all you helpful smoothbrains. If your feeling nice. Feel no shame for not doing this if you so decide. They are your tendies. This is a really cool program though. It helps give meals to homeless people that are struggling which is important now more than ever.
A Financial Professional's Best Narrative of What Happened in GME this Week
Granted, I'm only a back office accountant for an investment company, but I'm financially literate and have been following this very closely.  Here's my narrative of what took place this week:    Melvin Short Squeeze / Bailout    To understand the genesis of the bailout by Point 72/Citadel, it's important to understand how L/S hedge funds operate.  The customers that these businesses are competing for are their investors (LPs), which consist of pension funds, insurance companies, and family offices, etc.  These LPs have their own portfolio managers who examine their investments periodically and might decide that they should invest in a L/S HF for diversification purposes or some such reason.  The entire L/S strategy competes amongst itself for these LP dollars.  All things being equal, LPs will invest in the funds that have the best historical returns.  This leads to a competitive landscape where L/S funds only need to do better relative to each other, rather than the overall market.  When you game theory this out, it leads to these funds largely mirroring each others plays, while doing things differently only to the extent they think they have an information advantage over their competitors.  This results in certain stocks having large numbers of Funds as their investors, both as longs and shorts.  The term for these companies on Wall Street is "Hedge Fund Hotels".    As Reddit squeezed Gamestop, it increased the amount of money owed on Melvins short, which led them to sell longs in order to de-risk and cover.  Because they sold these long positions, it had a contagion effect on HFs in the same space, who held the same longs and therefore had losses as Melvin's selling pressure began to crush their funds.  Because of this contagion effect, Steven Cohen and Citadel stepped in to bailout Melvin not because he thought it was a good investment, but to prevent an entire hedge fund strategy from imploding.    Now, it's very important to consider how this $  dollars was likely used by Melvin.  For Melvin to fight Reddit by shorting GME would have been the institutional equivalent of a WSB YOLO, and likely would not have worked.  For them to use the $  to buy stock and cover would have been very difficult, as they would be directionally moving the same way as both Retail and Option Dealers who were trying to delta hedge, which would have spiked the price of the stock much further.  Logically, I think Melvin used the money early this week to buy massive amounts of call options at a range of expiries and strikes.  This would allow them to de-risk their toxic position economically while not continuing to spike the price of the shares as much as buying in the open.  This explains why the short interest of the stock didn't move much for most of this week - the shares were still sold short, but the squeeze wasn't as harmful to Melvin, as their MTM gains on the options could be used as collateral on the short position.  As they exercise options going forward, they can cover their short.  This also explains CNBC's deception when they said Melvin had "closed the position".  Notice they don't say "covered their short", as that's not true.  It also explains Steven A. Cohen's taunt of a Tweet this week, where he said "bring it on."  It was almost as if to say, "We've bought our options, we're done here.  Do what you want, you fucking Plebes."    Understand that if what I'm saying turns out to be the case, Melvin got very special treatment from their Prime Brokers.  A broker would never let you use risky option positions as full collateral against a short to avoid a margin call.  Understand also that if this is true, the bad news is that the squeeze will never be squoze the way Reddit thinks, but the good news is that the stock will enjoy good price support for a while as Melvin exercises their options and sucks up shares to cover the actual short.  TL,DR: The squeeze won't quite be squoze.
Robinhood finally comes clean about the mechanics behind their halt
GME insider quiet period (v2 - insider blackout means no sales THRU EARNINGS)!
Reposting on request from /u/TomatoeHaven  Citron said in his video that a squeeze can’t happen if insiders keep selling, but insiders (likely) CAN NOT sell company issued stock because of end of fiscal quarter lockup/blackout period, which usually extends until earnings are reported (which is on 3/26!!)  TLDR - no insider selling means more       fuel because paper handed insiders can’t give in to the shorts even if they wanted to.  Alright listen up. I did a quick search on WSB and didn’t see any hits actually talking about what is known as a “quiet period” or “blackout” for corporate stock trades in relation to insiders selling their company issues GME stock.  You NEED to know this to understand one of the big points that Citron made is complete BS in the short term (insiders creating liquidity for shorts).  I’m assuming that many WSBers have never received stock based compensation and may not know the general corporate governance rules around them that many (most/all?) companies impose on their insiders. Here’s a quick education in that and a summary of what it (might) mean for GME.  Obligatory disclaimer: I’m not a financial advisor and I am long GME.  First: what is stock based compensation?  This is exactly what it sounds like, when as part of your comp for being a good employee, you get some sort of stock with some sort of conditions attached. There are many different flavors of this that are important.  options - these give you the right to buy stock at some fixed price, known as a strike price, which may be significantly below than market value (good!). There are many different types of option (eg ISO, NQ), but at the end of the day most are a discount coupon for cheap below market stock values. These are common for preIPO companies. You’ll see these in the world of SPACs, for example, as warrants.  RSU: restricted stock units - these are literally shares, given almost like cash. More common for post IPO companies.  PRSU: performance RSUs - usually tied to some job performance goal, such as hitting a certain amount of revenue or other measurable goal.  Almost all stock based compensation comes with conditions, such as complying with whatever is in the associated company stock/equity plan. These are usually things like time vesting, which simply means that you can’t take stock and run but rather have to let it vest over a period of months/years.  From the wallst perspective, stock comp is reported as an expense, so you’ll see it in financial disclosures and investor presentations from time to time.  Second: how do companies ensure these incentives don’t hurt them or other shareholders?  This is critically important. Besides making sure there are clear policies on vesting and such, companies need to make sure that insiders do not use their company granted stock to hurt themselves or other shareholders, by performing trades during times when the employees may have critical information that the public does not.   This is usually wrapped up in an insider trading policy.  Now, when WSB usually thinks about insider trading, you may think some hot head exec tipping off their golf buddy that the stock is about to crash (or pop) and they should act accordingly. Yes, that’s insider trading; however, there is a more mundane version which is insiders who might have a general idea if earnings are going to be good or bad and making trades of their own company stock to profit themselves.  To protect against that, companies will often place quiet periods / trading blackouts BEFORE THE END OF A QUARTER, often by weeks at a time, AND EXTEND THAT BLACKOUT THROUGH EARNINGS REPORT DAY.  READ: end of GME quarter is THIS MONTH, meaning it is incredibly likely that all GME issued stock owned by insiders is locked up under the corporate blackout.  This is almost certainly why you don’t see RC or anyone else from GME saying anything right now, due to quiet period.  In practical terms, GME would likely partner with a trading platform to administer stock grants, such as E TRADE (which is common). The stock admin at GME would communicate blackout dates to E TRADE (in this example), and During these dates, all of the sell functions in that stock plan account would be disabled.  READ: GME insiders see their stock plan values going through the roof right now, and CAN NOT SELL because of corporate blackout. This means the shorts can’t cover with insider liquidity like Citron said.  Since these blackouts usually extend thru earnings, and that is weeks/month away, those shares would be unavailable to bail out the shorts for paper handed insiders.  SUMMARY Citron said short squeeze can’t happen when insiders are selling .... Insiders (very likely) can’t sell because of end of quarter blackout.   This should be common knowledge for Citron and other shorts. Anyone else on here who has dealt with stock based comp, please do sanity check me here and I’m happy to edit and refine.  Edit: This is      fuel , since this means yet more of the outstanding shares that are inaccessible to cover shorts.
🚨 🚨 Linus just ran a stream where he would 5x donations and buy $GME. $10k was raised.
WSB should SPAC with Chamath to build their own trading app (repost)
$115k NOK YOLO - Opened position today and planning to add another $30-40k in $5 - $10 Calls on Monday -
The case for shorting RH's IPO
The CEO is a   called Vlad.  The name of the company is ironic.  Their mission statement is ironic.  All thier users will switch to another brokerage.   I think my case study runs deeply and my thesis will create many new retarded millionaires if we all follow.  Disclaimer: this is not financial advise, I am not an analyst.  Also I hate the company, and will never like their stock. Will always short it and place put options until it's worthless. $  is the price I want to see thier stock ones it IPOs
GameStop investors' motives: Take a YOLO bet. 'Ruin a billionaire's life.'
THE REASON BEHIND high Short interest and why there is the only way to squeeze.
Ok, before I retire to my weekend, I have to let you know why I do believe this battle can be won by us only one way and why there is right now more likelihood short sellers can win.   You know that the Short interest ratio has not changed much and it is still above 100%. And you also know probably borrowing rate for short sellers is >30% per annum, meaning you short 100$, if you keep it for 1 year, you will pay the lender >30$ in interest.  Ok, we have to remember this! Not the same short-sellers might stay in this game forever. Some get in, they get hurt, they get out, someone else takes the rein, meaning not one single hedge fund will pay >30% rate per annum on fees.  They believe this will blow over very soon 1-2 months max, they will pay 5-6% on that shorted stocks but if GME goes down, they will probably make 50-60 maybe 90%. If GME goes up to 600$ they will short at that price, if it rises to 800$ they will short at that, overall, one day they believe (and that day they believe is not 1 year but few months ahead, they will make a ton of money). Therefore, you see SHort interest has not changed much, some have covered, but others have stepped in, believing that the current price is too high, they can make money at this level.    They believe this is a beautiful asymmetric risk and reward trade based on historical short squeezes. take the example of VW. Google it.   TAKEAWAY and ONLY WAY TO SQUEEZE:  ONLY WAY WE CAN REALLY SQUEEZE THEM OUT IS TO HOLD THIS STOCK FOR MONTHS TO COME, NOT 1 or 2 months but maybe 1 YEAR! The only way to bleed them out is to make sure they are shorted for the long term, they pay borrowing rates, they lose money as the stock goes up, they get out, and also, REMEMBER, every quarter they have to send letters to their CLIENTS explaining how their portfolio did. WE HAVE TO KEEP THIS for FEW QUARTERS so that when their investors see their performance, they will either pull the money out or force them to cover! THIS IS LONG TERM GAME guys. YOU have to hold it even if it passes 1000$! THEY BELIEVE this will be over SOON, they will make a ton of money on their shorts and they will be able to show great returns to their clients. WE HAVE TO HOLD IT! LONG TERM! THIS IS THE ONLY WAY!   If you don't hold it at least for 1- 2 quarters, the game will be won by the last short sellers.  WE REALLY LIKE THIS STOCK!!!  EDIT: This is my hypothesis that as the stock rises, the appetite to short will grow. One of the reasons is because A lot of you keep saying we will sell at 1000$. WHY are you giving them that precious tip?! They know where most of you will exit. As this approaches to 1000$(diamond fingers crossed), they will keep shorting more.  Remember, this is not TESLA. SHORT interest in Tesla declined when TESLA became hundreds of billions in market cap. GME is still 23bln$ there is more way to go. As the market cap grows, shorters' power declines, and they lose interest. Just like in Tesla.  Edit2: then you might ask what is our exit strategy?Remember what u/Deepfuckingvalue said: “what is exit strategy?”  Good night !
Used some of my GME tendies to buy Nintendo Switches from Gamestop, then donated them to a Children's Hospital. Got featured on the local news and brought glory to WSB.
GME Big Squeeze Documentary
My fellow autists and retards,  I am a senior film student at well known university in Connecticut (Ivy League, rhymes with whale). For my senior film thesis I have been documenting the rise of this subreddit. I started back in August when this sub was going all in on Tesla FD's but now things have taken a crazy turn.  Clearly something massive is happening right now and it needs to be properly documented. Years from now some hollywood pansy is going to make this a movie and completely fuck up the real story.  Don't y'all want one of your own telling it? (My positions are 100 shares GME @   and 200 shares NOK @    For my project I humbly ask if any of you beautiful retards who have made bank off GME would be willing to let me interview you. Obviously I'd love the whale himself   off GME.  I will of course publish my final project on this subreddit for all to see.  Happy Tendies lads
Robinhood can 69 me
THE BRINK OF THE RETAIL REVOLUTION               They Can’t stop us from going to the moon!
Listen up boys now is our time to shine!  DONT LET THEM SCARE YOU AWAY JUST FOR IT TO SKYROCKET RIGHT AFTER YOU SELL!  It’s quite obvious hedge funds and shorts are trying to manipulate the market to drive AMC down. Despite their full efforts, AMC and all the memes skyrocketed       to the moon      today even with robinhood restrictions.   This shows that we are already stronger than them. The more they try to manipulate, the more I buy and the more I hold.  We have to show them they can’t fuck around with us like this. We have to show them that we are going to the   via AMC sponsored rocket ship   whether they like it or not.  We will not be weakened by manipulation. We will be strengthened by it and the shorts will be terrified and cry about their rising debts and impending bankruptcies. The retail investors will win this time. The funds will be surprised but we will win.   So buy. Robinhood tried to scare me. But I switched to schwab and I bought even more, in fact I transferred more money in and bought the dip. Though, This isn’t about the money anymore. It’s about the revolution. It’s about showing the funds who’s boss. That they can’t manipulate us into paperhand selling. We will not be manipulated anymore. Retail together can easily destroy funds. Remember this heading into Monday and we will all see unlimited tendies next week. It’s about free markets we want to make it clear to the funds and big boy media groups that they can’t just manipulate the market and strike fear into the market with media advertisements to make us sell. They should know once we have decided it’s going up and that we like the stock, it’s going to moon.   Position- amc 2/5 strike 14 calls And shares  Only my opinion, not advice but rather my prediction
‘I’m Out! Please Cut Me Off’: Fox News Segment Devolves Into Shouting Match Over GameStop
A humble retard that loves you all
I don’t own much stock. I don’t have a lot. I live very close to paycheck to paycheck. I’ve been lurking for about a year here, and all of you are chads. I grew up dirt poor. I don’t aim to make a whole bunch of money, maybe a few tendies but I will hold as long as it takes. Ad astra. To all of you who are donating some of your come up AFTER hold, to whatever you personally support, you are the chads as well. I’m so happy to see people coming together and doing this. This is not financial advice at all. A bunch of retards and autismos came together and showed these cowards how to smoke crack.
This place is currently overrun with shills and bad actors, be careful.
Some great educational material. I encourage everyone to read, and while you’re there probably comment your support and feedback.
Lost some of the BYND burgers my last trade (closed for 60k) bought me - still plenty of time for a turnaround!
This is for you, Dad (3rd re-post, please don't delete)
Not a Commie But Have A Filthy Commie Question
So it seems hedge funds - financial parasites which rob everyone of a better future, rich and poor alike, control   and you get $12,  per adult US citizen.  So the question is, if there is no limit to what can be done vs the hedgies since the retarded bastards keep doubling-down on their shorts, why not just liquidate them all and distribute it as coronavirus bailout funds?  Shouldn't this be the only acceptable form of regulation to come from this fiasco the hedgies got themselves into by over-leveraging out the ass?                                             ,                        .
How I feel holding my $GME shares on RobbingHood
Why GME fundamentals dont matter for GME stock- because GME did not issue most GME stock
A stock is a share of ownership in a company. At this point GME is 250% shorted which means for every 100 shares issued by GME the company Citadel has issued 150 shares. So the GME stock is more of a share in ownership of Citadel than a share of ownership of GME. The question is not whether Gamestop is a 20 Billion dollar company, the question is whether Citadel can buy back 30 billion of shares and yes they can- they are very liquid and have great P/E ratio. So the stock is undervalued from a fundamentals perspective.
Melvin be like 😠
The GameStop Revolt Has Just Begun. Get Ready.
BB - Vent on the 1/29 calls you had that were killed by suits
We all know that for BB, the scheme RobbingYou and others hatched on Wednesday night was to save their own asses by restricting trades on BB and others to get very profitable weekly calls to expire worthless, to help reduce their huge exposure.  They've admitted as much on television.  This was a decision they knew would cost investors, including their "customers" huge money. I personally lost   mill in gains between Wed and today, but still I       Many of us on Wednesday had options purchased weeks or months before, some just a few days earlier that were beautifully profitable   which by Thursday morning were well on their way to being worthless because of these criminals.  No one denies that FD's and 3DTEs are risky, but it was never on the menu that these guys would change the rules to steal from us like that.  For those of you with those weekly calls over 15 strike. RIP, will never forget this bullshit maneuver. Our fallen comrades, we shall redeem tendies in your name.  Learn from this and we will grow stronger. Let this pain help you form        because no one with    is allowed on the    🌛  Feel free to share your expired weekly positions and how much they were worth on Wednesday close.  Note that BB is NOT a short squeeze, just a popular stock here because the company is on the cusp of going full throttle on its phenomenal decade long turnaround from hardware to software. Trading volume has been huge on green days because we like the stock, but the price rises for a small/mid cap have been at most 30 to 40% and usually far less.  I don't think I'm advising anything above. I am beyond super-long BB but don't fucking take advice from me, idiot. Do your own DD.
Why is no one talking about Mark Cuban’s tweets? (Link to thread that explains more in comments) WE LIKE THE STOCK    🏻
"I'm Going to Make a Fortune"- WWE Superstar John Morrison Takes a Dig at the GameStop Fiasco on WWE Smackdown
Fellow Canadian bretheren, any IBRK alternative recommendation?
Posting this on behalf of u/NefariousnessIll2194  After the BS IBRK's chairman spewed over on CNBC the other day, is there any good alternative to IBRK for Canadians? With the kind of shit RH and APEX connected brokers pulled with us americans, it is likely they will do it again. And the fact that ibrk chairman was all for it pissed me off big time. If you haven't yet ditched ibrk, I would suggest you do. Vote with your wallet.   Do you guys have any suggestion for alternatives?
u/benaffleks quoted on Barron's
Mike Katchen (Canadian Vlad) is pooping his pants.
WSJ tries to compare us to QAnon?
AMC - What is happening & future?
Let’s break this down for everyone who is worried or wants to know what to expect in the coming week:  AMC current status (30JAN2021) : AMC has   million shorted shares and a grand total of 52 million shares. That means 86% of shares are shorted (by hedge funds) and 14% are being longed (all of us)   Now what everyone is waiting for is when it’s time to close the positions of shorted shares and they (hedge funds) have to cover what they bet on. Keep in mind not EVERY share will expire on Monday. So we MUST hold beyond that.   Today’s target (1/29) was to beat $  (what hedge funds were betting it would be come Monday) and we did that closing at $ ! AWESOME. This short position will have to close in   trading days (Monday)  So Monday when they’re forced to cover ($  they will have to buy it at its current price to cover their bet. Raising the price up even higher.   But this isn’t even the best part. All of their other shorts are SIGNIFICANTLY lower. There are 9 different short stocks between $ $  Some of those shorts are   days away (Tue)   days (wed)   days (Thur) so the longer you hold, the higher the price gets and the more they have to cover.  Over the next few trading days it is going to be a vIolent squeeze. We are at the starting line of what GME did. Hold your ground. Gains Monday are inevitable. But the gains on Tuesday-Thursday will be much higher.   Short squeezes are historic: and to give you an example Volkswagen had a 46% short at $6 share price which squeezed to $110 a share back in 2008.  And, who can forget our grandson GME?   AMC is at 84% short at $13 The percentage is significantly higher and there’s a lot more room to grow. On the high end we’re talking the possibility of hitting $150-200 a share if everyone is smart and holding until Thursday.  1. HOLD 2. Buy more on Monday if you can afford it because it’s going to violently rise 3. Enjoy the ride until AT LEAST Thursday evening when shorts have to close their positions and as a result of that they themselves take the price higher.  More by u/Common-Buy-2379 in comment section:  AMC is also   owned by a Chinese holding company. This company controls over 75% of voting shares indirectly, through controlling interest in subsidiaries that also own shares.  They will NOT be bailing out the hedge funds, which would dilute their ownership in the company. They will not be floating their shares for sale during the squeeze.  In all likelihood, the upcoming stock issuance will be sold to larger firms with little interest in assisting the hedges, and will probably remain within Chinese control.  Not financial advice, I just read the 10-k, 8-k, and 10-q, because I like this stock. Also tendies. I love tendies.  To illustrate, If the Chinese owned shares aren't available to fill the shorts, then there's only 13M shares to fill the 44M shorts.  It's WAY shorter than people think.  Positions:   - 1700 AMC shares balls deep @ 18$ average (~30K) - 6c AMC 19/3 (10 contracts)  Edit: Earlier I had “shorts expire” in this post which seemingly drew some people crazy ignoring other important aspects. I meant to say when shorts will have to cover their positions. Edited in post.  Edit: Rockets added.     Also adding some     for your hands.
Reddit just added a diamond handed autist as an avatar and I’ve never wanted to buy premium so much
Gonna ride this till eternity
Gents, take this weekend to relax. Turn off the computer, take a shower, relax on the beach. Mental health is super important during these stressful times.
I’ve spent the past few days straight, like many of you, in our pro gamer chairs with our shit buckets glued to the ticker, MSNBC and this sub. This weekend however, step back a bit and enjoy yourself. Before battle, one must be at 100%, and we can’t have our    turn brittle because we don’t take care of ourselves. Keep fighting the fight, but don’t forget about yourself. Come Monday, we all ride the     because of our hard work and determination, wether you own 1 share because of Robinghood, or are on godly levels like DFV (hallowed be his name).  Eat, drink water, sleep, relax, and prepare yourselves for this epic journey that your future wife’s boyfriend’s kids will read about in the school books!   This is not financial advice. I’m dumb. I like the stock.
"Hey stock jockeys keep bringing it" ~ Steve Cohen deleted his twitter after today's beating...
Hedge Funds lying about Short positions
I've been reading up on $GME around the sub, and have seen many posts about the extremely small consequences and fines for hedge funds reporting false data on their positions. Another post was speculating about the possibility that many shorts have already closed most if not all short positions.  I'm well aware this is highly unlikely, however the main retort to that narrative I saw was that the reported short interest has barley changed in recent days. Hypothetically speaking, would it in some way benefit Melvin, Citadel, or any other short hedgies to falsly report holding short positions after they already have exited them?
I made a meme thing that describes this week
Couldn’t bring myself to even take a sip of this garbage 🤮. GME
Giving back to GameStop Employees... gonna buy my local GameStop lunch tomorrow!
I’m gonna call into my local GameStop early tomorrow to find out how many are working and to not buy lunch.... I’ll gonna buy them a few pizzas and tendies with dipping sauces... paying it forward.. I’m also gonna ask if there is another day during the week that would be good with multiple employees working. ( I know they have slashed hours)   Hopefully you guys who have cashed out some option tendies can do the same... just call ahead and ask when is best time as there may be only one employee working.  Edit: what people don’t fucking realize is the stock market is for companies to raise fucking money.. and that’s exactly what’s going on. We are buying into a company we believe in and fucking the whales at the same time.   Don’t forget that GameStop can not only pivot to e-commerce but it can fucking pivot into E-fucking-sports!!! Imagine it being the NFL of e-sports as well!!!! Local tourneys.. esports betting.. and the list goes on.. charging people to watch the tournaments etc.  Edit 2: For the 51st state Canada EB games counts  Edit 3: I’m then gonna ask for the next ps5 that walks through the door lol  Edit 4: since they are nerds like us... ask for shit that all like to eat, allergies, and what fucking level vegetarian they are
Steve Cohen appears to have deleted his Twitter. That was quick
Have you ever had debt? Guess who's in debt to YOU now!!
Conceptually, as a shareholder of GME, these shortsellers borrowed YOUR share and now they owe YOU.   Ever skip out on a credit card bill because the economy went to shit? Good luck trying to find a job with a crap credit report.  Can't pay your mortgage because the bankers collapsed the financial industry? Say bye bye to your house.  Now is your time!! These rich mofos are in debt... TO YOU. And guess what - they refuse to pay their debts!!! In fact, they're doubling down.  Would you be able to tell your credit card company - "I know I owe you money, let me borrow more,  I'll definitely pay it all back...whenever I feel like"  So when it's time to call the debt, make sure you get PAiDDDDD. It's rightfully yours.   So clutch those shares because their balls are squeezing so tight they're shriveling into dust.   Edit: Take ALL OF IT. Their Florida mansions, their penthouse offices , their private jets, THE NEW YORK METS and put their asses in the PRISONS that they no longer own be because we took it back   All of it belongs to the people now      Positions: 100 shares and HOLDING
Who are the whales buying GME?
Before I start, full disclosure, all of this is pure speculation out of the mind of a deranged autist, with too much time and GME shares in his diamond hands. Don't use this as financial advice. It's prob. all bs and will get you bankrupt.  Ok, for all my GME autists, things have been rough this week but we've managed to pull through. With that said, I believe this was not just luck or sheer force of will, I think there are hidden actors on our side or, to the very least, profiting from our chaos. Why? Here we go:  1- Retail has been severely handicapped through platforms this week and, even with very few of us still active, we managed to keep the price of GME above 320.  2- During short attacks, especially the last one this Friday, someone went full blown Rambo and managed to fend off the shorters. If you look at the volume Friday in the last 5 minutes, we went 2x in volume to 600k.  3- Retail is running low on funds: most of us retards burned out our money pushing this shit up early in the week and have very few funds left, making impossible to pull these sorts of transaction.  Given the above, I believe some hedge funds have entered the game to try to f  k with their competitors, make money and frame retail as the guilty party of this (potentially taking down RH in the process).  If this is true, and I don't know if it is, next week we need to be extra careful to see what happens after the gamma squeeze finishes. For me, that will mean to keep track of volume because, as soon as these undercover big boys are out, I believe that it is the right time FOR ME to get out.  Either way, what people think? Do we have some MMs helping pour gasoline in the fire?
When Billionaires pull off a short squeeze it’s so cool. Remember Ackmans public Short of Herbalife and Carl Icahn takedown of him. Where was the SEC. Never Sell.
Robinhood hiring 'federal affairs manager' as congressional hearings on GameStop scandal loom
GME next shareholder meeting if our lord DFV becomes one of the board directors
$6k ➡️ $192k. Made $170k in day and then stomached yesterday’s dip. 19 years old and not selling til we’re at a few mil. WE DECIDE GME’S PRICE — HOLD STRONG
THEY ARE BLEEDING AND THEY ARE DESPERATE!!!!!
🏻
Why the market is down: generational gestalt switch
We’ve seen the results of responsible investing for the average person.  Hold positions forever with the hopes you have enough money to pay your insurance premiums to cover some indifferent nursing assistant to wipe your shit covered ass if you’re ‘lucky’ enough to live that long. Fuck that shit. Get rich or get/stay poor trying (the state will still pay for an indifferent nurse to wipe your ass, anyhow).  Peace and riches to you all.
AMD has entered the war my brothers. Melvin & The Band of Losers are milking AMD dry to pay for their short positions.
Robinhood Completely out of money - They Shut off Instant Deposits!
RH turned off instant deposits for the only thing that costs them money over the weekend.  There is only one reason possible for this, they are completely out of money in every way. This is the only weekend activity that they can stop that costs them money. I think they are just praying that when all of the books are settled, they have enough money to cover.  What could these weekend instant deposits amount to? 1M? 2M? This is after the   To put this news into perspective, when you are almost out of money you pay a large bill late or delay a big purchase. Then you stop eating out, buying extra things, cancel netflix, etc. This is the equivalent of going back through the trash to find the aluminum foil to turn in for pennies at the scrap yard that you walked to cause you can't afford the gas.    Edit:   I do want to tell people that I don't think that RH is going under. I think they are standing on the precipise. But I think they will get any amount of emergency lending they need to stay solvent. (Too big to fail?)    You are SIPC insured, to 250K for stonks on RH. You won't lose your money.   Don't sell and move you stocks, don't worry about it. Maybe open a backup broker, maybe move a little cash between the two over the next few weeks. Don't confuse anything I said for investment advice.
Is GME a zombie squeeze?
Everybody is optimistic about GME and I am and have been since I got in at $15. I got out at $60 but my risk tolerance isn’t super high so I’m fine with it and enjoying watching all of the gains from the sidelines.  I’m not trying to rain on the parade but I’ve been thinking a lot about VW, AMC, and GME and their short squeezes. Until this week, and specifically today, I’ve basically been of the mind set that GME is a real squeeze and the others (AMC, etc.) are not. But today I’ve changed my opinion. Please hear me out because I think there is a lot of logic to this.  THE SQUEEZE SQUOZE, NOW IT’S SIMPLE SUPPLY DEMAND Ryan Cohen and GME ruling out bankruptcy are what caused the squeeze. Plain and simple. They created a better outlook and higher genuine value for the company. This gave us a little squeeze forcing shorts to move from their ~140% to ~120% short interest today.  Now that that squeeze occurred and they had to deal with raised price targets, we are simply dealing with very low supply. Shorters are not buying to cover really and lots of retards are buying creating upward movement a momentum. Not much supply. So right now there is no squeeze going on and we are all very dependent on stock lenders margin calling the shorts.   THIS ISN’T VW Just wanted to add a short section here since this event does seem to be the inspiration we all draw from. In this case the shorts did get fucked and got margin called. The lenders did this because there was genuine concern that they would not get there stock back since there is 13x more shorted than there was available. If you buy that 1% and give it back to a lender you have 12% more to go, then you have to buy that 1% from that lender you just got it from, but what if they won’t sell? There was genuine concern from lenders they would never get their shares back. Total loss.   THESE SHORTS WONT BE MARGIN CALLED ANY TIME SOON As it currently stands the shorts are paying 30% APR on tens of billions of dollars to the lenders with VERY LITTLE risk in the long term that they will not be able to get the shares back as EVERYBODY (even is, mind you) expects the shares to go back down a lot after this is said and done.  So from a lender’s perspective, would you rather call your shares back and end the party with huge yearly returns? Or would you rather drag this on for as long as possible and collect fees from shorts? The shorts will happily do it because they don’t want to lose their shirt, they would rather pay the premium. And even if they did call their shares back, the market would explode and crash before they even had them settled.  Really in the end, we are giving Melvin and the other shorts more time to adjust their position to a more favorable one before it comes back down. So in the end, unlike your believe that bears are fuk, it is retail investors that may be fuk.   CAN GME SQUEEZE HARDER? I would say probably not soon. It could go higher if people keep buying and holding, but again, in the end retail might end up paying.  The one opportunity I do see would be a share vote or something else that could cause shares to be recalled. But that is unlikely and might not even happen at the yearly investor meeting.   HOW TO MAKE MONEY ON THIS Honestly without lucky timing retail investors may be fucked here. Premiums on puts make it practically impossible to profit.  WHAT ABOUT THE OTHER SQUEEZES? Similarly to the current state of GME, we are driving price up and giving shorts better entry and lenders fat APR.  TL;DR: this may be the best trick Wall-street ever played on us. Play acting that they are losing money and Robinhood is their martyr.  Edit: Thanks for commenting everybody. After this interaction I think the squeeze could work out, but it would take insane diamond hands and/or some strong buy pressure. Time and high borrow rates need to ware them down to be sure that this squeeze happens.
I'm normally the biggest paper handed wuss ever but I bought the $27 HIGH, full fucking send rock-hard diamond fisting my 50 shares of BB and 10 24/25 call credit spreads lets take this to the moon next week. It's not even about money anymore, and that means alot coming from my broke ass.
Looks like one of our Asia brothers need help on how to show his love for a particular stock, someone should show him the way! (not to provide financial advice of course)
What to do when my options expire?
I have Feb12   Call bought at $185. I bought near the highest yolo.  If I'm in the money how should I proceed. I think my only option is to sell the contract since I don't have $30,750 to buy the shares.  Am I missing something is there a way for me to diamond grip the 100 shares at that price? I bought high but idgaf I held through the nightmare I saw yesterday and I'm not broke today, because of all of you holding the line.  I also own 17 shares of GME.  I can deposit 9K this week but idk how to cover the rest.   I think I would need the stock over $1,279 for me to afford to exercise the call.   Disclosure : I'm just a retard on reddit that doesn't know shit.   Not asking for financial advice just looking for suggestions. I will weigh my options based on your thoughts. I hope to be swimming in a pool of tendies by the time we hit $69,     Edit: I only need $18,500 to cover. Thanks for the heads up.  Edit: So far best idea is to sell before it expires then buy shares immediately or calls further out.  Edit: Backpedaling, I do need $30,750 to cover.
$GME Gang Awarding Their Own Posts
Theory for why fractional shares are being banned: The mechanics of fractional shares freeze up the supply of shares available, and in high volumes cause price spikes that add HIGH OCTANE JET FUEL to these rockets    (If anyone has DD on how fractional transactions are handled, do tell)
1. This is a theory, and I'm not a financial advisor, but I'm not a rapper 2. My thinking is that if   buys 1/2 a share, the broker has to buy 1 share and credits 1/2 a share to the     3. And the broker will keep the other 1/2 a share assuming that another    or (  ) will come along shortly to buy that other 1/2 a share 4. And when you increase the pool to a few thousand   , you use some statistical modeling to determine how many full shares to keep on hand to account for a know turn over of fractional shares 5. And then you use that pool of shares as collateral for the cash value you have to pay the   when they sell 6.   Here's where it gets tricky   if the volume of purchasing and selling becomes  significantly  higher than normal, then the broker does not know how many shares to have on hand and might not be able to compute all of the transactions in a quick enough fashion to ensure that they don't mess it up bigly 7. So they have to   buy full shares for each fractional share purchased   until they can balance the books and sell off the appropriate number of shares to stay neutral  8. This makes the dollar value of fractional shares in this fight carry a huge weight, a weight that the brokerage (and the  's) can't   9. And through the power of alchemy turns fractional shares to   fuel  \                                                 --  1. I literally can't find any sources online on the mechanics of fractional shares, but I think my speculation  might  be reasonable, but I'm not a rapper 2. If you know how this works please reach out so we can share this knowledge  TLDR; fractional shares are    best friend, and   worst enemy
Still fuck the hedge funds
GME insiders had paper hands earlier this month, up to $38/share. No insider sales have happened since Jan 15.
I am in for 100. Turns out, I too like the stonks.
Is it possible that setting very price high limit on your sells make it more likely that your shares are loaned out by your brokerage?
So I was just doing some random googling on loaning out of shares by brokers and I came across . Granted it’s not the most reliable source, but I thought it was interesting enough to mention.   This part specifically got me curious because I know a lot of people on here have crazy limits set on their GME positions. And I am wondering if that is a good idea.   > Setting a high limit order gives the clearing firm or third party that your broker may or may be under contract with the ability to see where your position will possibly be sold and gives them the opportunity to continually sell and buy back, some times hundreds of times in a matter of minutes, your position. With high frequency trading this often happens from algorithms or a “black box”.   This is not financial advice, I just like the stock
He is the other person claiming that the WallStreetBets traders buying GameStop are "far right incels"
Featured in The Potato Times
Robinhood limits trading to one share on IPOE which is taking SoFi(Robinhood major competitor) public. Robinhood is pathetic.
Now that the weekend is here: it is time to put all our effort in a Social Media   to reduce misinformation and maximize understanding and awareness
The weekend is here, and the hedgefunds are going to use this time to try to dip the stocks as much as possible. This is the time that we have to fight back in this misinformation   as much as possible. We already very clearly see it on reddit with the bots, and I see very blatant false information being spread around like wildfire on tiktok. This is the perfect time to begin a   to get as many people informed about the situation as possible.  We have people of all colors, sexualities, genders, and political affiliations here, and we need to take advantage of this unity. People of all political parties need to use this time to create ways to distribute this information to others. We need to focus on doing things like:    creating infographics for instagram that can easily explain the situation and why we are doing what we are doing. With more visibility on instagram and an easy way to digest it, it is more likely to cause people to become more interested on something that is very intimidating for most people.   Clear out misinformation thats going on twitter, tiktok, etc. Many people and bots are acting in bad faith and using this as an oppurtunity to spread lies, and we need to SHUT THEM DOWN.   Weed out the fake investments that only serve to divide us. We need to invest in a core group, and stick with it.      MAKE SURE NEW INVESTORS (+OLD) HAVE A BACKUP NON-ROBINHOOD ACCOUNT      Clear out doubts to minimize the panic buying.   Urge activists of all kinds to put heavy pressure on the government and Robinhood.   Expand our reach. All eyes are on us, lets make sure it stays that way.      ONE OF OUR MAIN COURSES OF ACTION IS TO FORCE THE GOVERNMENTS HAND INTO INTERVENING WITH ROBINHOOD, WE NEED THE ABILITY TO HAVE PEOPLE MAKE PARTIAL SHARES AND ADD AS MANY STOCKS AS THEY CAN.     Use whatever tools you have available to spread the word. Leftist political activist pages: post infographics that explain the situation and how Robinhood's actions are unethical and illegal. Meme pages: continue to rally as much attention and hype towards this. Knowledgable investors, compile data and try to explain the technics of how stocks and investing work and try to make it easily digestable, such as explaining terms like short squeeze, etc, for the general public. If all branches of us unite, the stock WILL skyrocket. BUT we need a plan for the next two days. This is why I think we should have a thread like this where we can properly make a plan of action and discuss our method. I will make any edits needed!  DISCLAIMER: I am not a financial advisor, I just think the stocks are a pretty combination of letters.     HOW YOU CAN CONTRIBUTE OUTSIDE OF BUYING/HOLDING STOCKS:          EDIT: For people who want to know how they can help, in the comments I have made two comments (insteaded for a thread): one to compile accurate information, and one to find out how you can contribute. Again, this is speculative and I am just offering insight on what I think may be good, so input would be appreciative and not set in stone!
What are the outcomes of GME?
I am holding strong however I am curious what are some of the legitimate outcomes of this? Specifically around he-who-should-not-be-named hedge fund. What happens if they declare bankruptcy? If they can't pay (which I am afraid of) does the stock tank? Who steps up to pay? What are their legitimate courses of action here? Yes, we know the price is going to go the moon but what can they do on top of halting purchasing to actually do some damage at this point?   Disclaimer: I am just a retard who likes this stock. I am not a financial advisor. I have less than 10% of my portfolio in this.
CNBC thinks loss porn isn't a thing!
[GME] We’re going to the moon Monday, Thanks Joe Rogan
We made it. The whole world is watching
When she asks you to come back from the moon.
AMC heading to Mars next week buckle up everyone!!!
To break this down for everyone who is worried or wants to know what to expect AMC in the coming week:  AMC current status (30JAN2021) : AMC has   million shorted shares and a grand total of 52 million shares. That means 86% of shares are shorted (by hedge funds) and 14% are being longed (all of us)   Now what everyone is waiting for is when shorted shares expire and they (hedge funds) have to cover what they bet on. Keep in mind not EVERY share will expire on Monday. So we MUST hold beyond that.   Today’s target (1/29) was to beat $  (what hedge funds were betting it would be come Monday) and we did that closing at $ ! AWESOME. This short will expire in   trading days (Monday)  So Monday when they’re forced to cover ($  they will have to buy it at its current price to cover their bet. Raising the price up even higher.   But this isn’t even the best part. All of their other shorts are SIGNIFICANTLY lower. There are 9 different short stocks between $ $  Some of those shorts are   days away (Tue)   days (wed)   days (Thur) so the longer you hold, the higher the price gets and the more they have to cover.  Over the next few trading days it is going to be a vIolent squeeze. We are at the starting line of what GME did. Hold your ground. Gains Monday are inevitable. But the gains on Tuesday-Thursday will be much higher.   Short squeezes are historic: and to give you an example Volkswagen had a 46% short at $6 share price which squeezed to $110 a share back in 2008. AMC is at 84% short at $13 The percentage is significantly higher and there’s a lot more room to grow. On the high end we’re talking the possibility of hitting $150-200 a share if everyone is smart and holding until Thursday   My recommendation:  1. HOLD 2. Buy more on Monday if you can afford it because it’s going to violently rise 3. Enjoy the ride until AT LEAST Thursday evening when all the shorts expire and the price is at it’s highest.
I'm so proud of you guys holding the line. They tried so hard end of day to drive down the price below $320 - look at this volume on the 5 min chart.
GME is far from over. Regulation will come soon.
Disclaimer: if I could’ve made this a coloring book I would’ve.   Congrats retards we’ve officially reached the government discussion floor (just like the greats zuck, gates, and pharma bro) and now market regulation will sure come from this investigation. However, we cant settle for just any regulation. We will be given regulation that looks like it will help us but will actually restrict us. Or regulation that won’t do anything at all.   I keep seeing articles such as the one below that officials want to raise taxes on the rich to make this right!      This is a bullshit solution that doesn’t fix the root of the problem  1. Why someone can short 140% of a stock   2. Why a broker can delist a stock whenever they want.   Clearly most of us are retarded but we need  u/deepfuckingvalue and others that can clearly explain to regulators how the hedges fucked up and how we can stop it from happening again.   WE CAN’T ALLOW A TAX INCREASE TO BE THE FUCKING REGULATION.   AND DONT LET PEOPLE THAT DIDNT EXPERIENCE THE PANIC OF GME DELISTING TELL YOU ITS GOOD REGULATION.  Sincerely,  Retard #1344176
Wow. We're getting bent over with no lube gang.
Take care of yourself this weekend
I’m sitting on my couch after a long long week. I’m stressed, feel overwhelmed, and overall just exhausted. I’ve sat in front of my computer for the last 5 days for at least 12 hours a day with you retards and it’s taken a toll.  I’m looking around my house and it’s a fucking disaster. I’ve ordered out every meal for the past 5 days and have barely taken the time to take the trash out because I’ve just been so sucked into  🤚 GME  This weekend, make sure to take care of yourself. Eat some good meals, spend time with loved ones if possible, try and take your mind off of all this if you can but most importantly...   COME BACK READY TO FUCK MELVIN WITH OUR  🤚 COME MONDAY MORNING  FUCK ROBINHOOD FUCK THE SEC FUCK MELVIN FUCK VLAD   TO INFINITY         50 GME/$90
It's Working! Keep Holding!
Doomsday prep - Screenshot all your portfolio
I'm serious. Robinhood is showing malfeasance upon malfeasance with their limits on buy, selling options without permission. It wouldn't go past me at this point that they will fuck up your funds entirely. Next week will be absolutely horrific. Someone mentioned that they could have an entire "outage" and fuck us over during the squeeze. I'm already at their mercy since I initiated a transfer through Fidelity and it's waiting on RH to execute. I messaged them to cancel the request but yeahh I'm not banking on it...  So take pictures of your portfolio #, shares and price, account info, etc so you'll have ammunition when you're gonna chase your funds down through legal means. Good luck everybody and    you fucks   edit u/takoiddit made a good point on saving your trade confirmations since SSs can be photoshopped. Take a few minutes and protect your money from these scumbags
WSB, REDDIT, UNITED WE STAND AS ONE
Anyone had RH autosell shares when you set a stop loss?
I had BB and NOK shares yesterday, and I had set a stop loss for both well under the stock price. Almost instantly, RH sold all my shares of both stocks at STOP PRICE when it NEVER CAME CLOSE TO STOP PRICE.  Even though it’s still higher than my avg cost, it’s fucking criminal and I lost a good amount of profit.  Since then I moved all my BP to Fidelity, and will slowly close out my positions in RH. Has anyone else experienced this the past few days? I know many have had RH autosell their contracts expiring today, but... cmon
Anyone else got a PM with a sob story about the “shorting community” etc. Lmaoooo “if you post this on WSB you will be banned”. They are SCARED.
bruh
Not selling, stay strong next week everyone
Let’s discuss what options these short sellers have.
Today and this week we won a huge battle. Yet, this war is not over just yet.  This week we have seen unprecedented actions from these hedge funds, and they still lost. It feels like there is nothing more they can do, but I’m just one retard that doesn’t know a whole lot. If we gamma squeeze on Monday is it going to trigger the short squeeze, or what else can happen?  I want this sub to be ready for ANYTHING these greedy assholes throw at us. I know what I will be doing next week no matter what happens.    baby.   THIS IS NOT FINANCIAL ADVICE, I JUST REALLY LIKE THE STOCK.
Why isn't there a brokerage for the people?
So why isn't there a brokerage, let's call it "J Q public" that doesn't sell data to hedgefunds, provides the level 2 data like RH gold does, instant deposit and has a great interface with no trade commission.  They can even justify their business model by saying "we win when you win, we are the product not you" and just collect 1% (or whatever is needed to make this profitable, I won't pretend to know how much revenue is needed to run an exchange) of PROFIT on trades. True this costs more than Robinhood on paper but after this week... Does it really cost more?  Maybe I'm wrong but after this week I feel there would be a market for a "manipulation free broker" whatever that looks like.  Idk, I would prefer to use a broker that I know wants me to succeed.
Guy living in his truck update: $600 -> 130k in 16 days. If I can hold you can fucking hold
These     are weakening! I need some good news because the act these HF 🤡 are pulling is driving me insane.    stronger together! Someone talk me in to some comfort because I'm going insane over here
I'm building a shrine for DFV and the impact WSB has had this year - world and even WSB will move on eventually but the changes will be profound and longer, this could be the place for all those stories
Weekend Homework for the new guys
I have seen confusion left and right and do not expect it to go away any time soon. With that, I recommend a lot of you new guys read up on options trading this weekend and enjoy yourself. When this activity comes back to some sort of normalcy (if it ever does again) you’ll be so god damn confused.   “What’s exercised a call mean?” No, it does not mean my wife’s boyfriend went to pound town on her all night.   “What is IV crush?” This is a big one, to be honest I wish everyone could experience IV crush for the first time like I did. I’ll never forget thinking holy fuck I’m gonna be up thousands at open! Only to lose my ass  “The fuck is theta?” Can’t wait to see people freaking out wondering why their call that expires in two days lost half its value   Anyways, I’ll try and help out a few questions, just keep them slightly less retarded. Beyond that I’d highly recommend watching some options guides and learning the basics.  God speed retards, and remember to all in GME & AMC on Monday while holding the line!  - Not financial advice I’m literally a smooth brain myself  Edit1: I wanted to add that you shouldn’t pay anyone/any site to learn options. There is so much material out there you will be able to learn it without paying. YouTube options basics / Google it and try a few videos out. Focus on the Greeks, volume, IV
Doesn’t this feel like so long ago?
Legitimate concern about the GME squeeze acting as a major sell-off catalyst in the wider market.
Fellow apes, there's two main worries on my mind.  1) Most of you are retarded enough to actually think that WSB are the only ones "holding the line" or "driving the ATH". You better wake the fuck up and smell the coffee that despite some big money being extremely short, other big money is using this "retail investor" front to benefit in the same way you are. As much as I understand the notion and as beautiful as it is, the reality is that rich guys are also getting richer with GME.  2) The more berserk the squeeze becomes, the heavier the losses for the shorts, the more liquidation will happen to cover. A lethal chain reaction.  We saw the ugly side of this in 2008 as well.  Has anyone done any DD on this whatsoever?  Could this squeeze trend act as a major sell off catalyst which could correct the markets massively?
A tale of perseverance, courage, and diamond balls. Equity at the time of this exchange? $113,000. Equity today? Over $46MM
Just doing my part GME GANG
SEC just put out this statement. They're with the brokers. We have our orders: HOLDDDDDDD!!
COLOR ME SHOCKED! LOOKS LIKE THE SEC IS ALREADY DEFENDING ROBINHOOD. UNBELIEVABLE.
Ladies and gentlemen, we did it!
My GME Exit Strategy
Hello retards and degenerates,     Congrats on holding the line above $320 today.      As sad as it is, some of us would like to exit our GME position at some point in our lives. To strategize for this, I decided to do some quick math.     As most of you degenerates know, VW temporarily became the most valuable company in the world in the great squeeze of '08. Well, why can the same not happen to GME? Surely, some will argue about the difference in the underlying financials between the two stocks. But to that, I ask, was VW ever shorted by 140%? Fuck no.  Let's do some quick math.     Apple is the worlds most valuable company, at $   GME has   shares outstanding  For GME to become the world's most valuable company, each share should be worth at least:  $  /   =   $31,756 per share       Given the historical precedent of major squeezes becoming the world's most valuable company, I will be setting my limit value at   no less than $30,000 per share.       $1000 is not a meme. $5000 is not a meme. $10,000 is not a meme. and even $30,000 is not a meme.     I'm not a financial advisor and I do not recommend you follow some blind retard hoping to change his family's life at the expense of these greedy fucks. All views are my own and again, I am retarded so do not follow my advice, I am simply explaining my own personal strategy.
If you HOLD, that line is going to keep going up.
Gamestop last day of quarter is this Saturday
It been a long week after a long and tough fight in this rigged game. HOWEVER, we might have won the battle today but this WAR ain't over!    Gamestop last day of the quarter is this Saturday.   If they report a blow out quarter then that's more ammunitions for this.   A blow out quarter is basically GAMEOVER for the shorts.   We will have back ups from the whales everywhere swarming in.  Go to your local Gamestop store today and tomorrow and buy everything in the store with your GME tendies!  Most of you are now newly minted millionaires! So get out there and buy the shit out of your local Gamestop. If there is no Gamestop in your area,   shop online   (omnichannel) on their website. Don't play games? No problem, buy gift for your wife's boyfriends kids. DONATE to local charity!  TLDR; Shop at Gamestop using GME tendies so they can report blow out quarter which in turn will give you even more GME tendies. Its like you reinvested your dividend! This been bought up before but need to bring back up cause last day of quarter is this Saturday!  edit:                                                                    🌕  edit2: So it actually 4th quarter coming up. Yes I'm retarded. It's will be in their next  report coming up in March. March might be a long timer away but remember while some have covered, some are entering with new position at the 300s and some even entering at the high. So this will turn into a WAR of attrition, whoever the fuck gives up first win. I been in this shit for   weeks now. So get in the fucking trenches and bunker down! We going to hit higher high and higher low.  The squeeze is not squozen   fking  🏿
Why You Should Rethink Using Fintech Apps Like Robinhood To Trade Stocks
Hello there,  it was a crazy week for most of us due to GME and other volatile stocks. Companies standing behind trading apps like Robinhood have imposed restrictions on trading GME stocks. Where to trade if not on Robinhood?   Look for trading accounts via banks like brokerage checking accounts. Banks charge fees but you are going to be sure you won't get fucked by them just like by Robinhood or Trading 212 fintechs.  If you're using trading apps to invest in stocks at least read terms of services so you would know what to expect if shit hits the fan. Some brokers have their headquarters in financial havens like Cayman Islands. Did you know that? That is why I chose banks.  There is a lot of pros for using banks to invest:    When you make an order through bank you have certainity that your order will be executed instantly on the market   Banks don't sell data about your trades to hedge funds   There is no conflict of interest beetwen you as an investor and your bank becouse it charges fee, so the more you make the more bank makes - win - win situation (they have no interest to fuck you, they want you to make more and more money)   Banks can provide a lot of analytic tools and real, fast support in case of some issues  I hope you are going to rethink using frauded brokers like Robinhood or Trading 212, they don't play fair, they fuck us so why shouldn't we fuck them by denying to use them and destroying their reputation?  I wish y'all calm weekend and huge profits next week!
TO ALL YOU HEDGE FUND OVERLORDS—I hope the interns you commanded to troll through these posts share this message.
You shit stain on mankind.  We are not jelly of your billions fuckers, you prob think we are.  But because of the destructive way you’ve earned it, you’re a pox, a scar, a festering scab on the underbelly of humanity.   You have no clue what you’ve awakened, across the world.  And you sure as fuck have no clue about the retards that occupy this sub, we are an autist culture all to ourselves.  Pissing away stimmy money on weekly FD’s, and reloading for the next week.  Shares!!! Fucking shares!!!  We used to laugh and berate fucking retards that bought shares, you drippy slits!  Now, oh, you motherfuckers have embolden us to not only buy shares, we will actually hold for longer than a gnats life span.  We lose money for karma and memes, no cause, no reason, just retard trading.  But now, you fucks have given us a reason.  Scared of losing this money!  You have no clue.  Until we know you are fucked, investigated, penalized, and we ain’t going anywhere.  Good luck, your going to need it.  Hope the collusion during your “idea dinners” comes back to bite you in spades.
< $4 GME gang checking in.
It's early April 2020. Everyone is still reeling from the crash just a few weeks ago. I've still got most of my money in an SP500 ETF doing it's thing. Never bought a company stock before. Figured... hey, console cycle is coming up in Dec, I'm sure GME will be worth like $10 or $20. I buy my first ever non ETF stock; GME.  No clue about fundamentals, the short situation etc. I just see GME was so much higher in the past and it would be fun to own some stock in a company that's been part of my childhood. Maybe they can get through this covid situation we have ahead of us.  Time goes on. Reggie Fils-Aimé joins the company. I discover Michael Burry has a stake in the game. Ryan Cohen joins. DFV sticks to the most disciplined holding and position reporting I've ever seen.  Now here we are today. Love to hear from any other "early adopters".  100 x GME. Average $
Spotted Above Menlo Park...
Nassim Taleb feels ya, folks
[PSA] Robinhood Insolvency Dangers
Robinhood appears to be on the verge of insolvency based on a few data points:  1. To continue operating, it drew on a line of credit from six banks amounting to between   2. They had to raise an   3. They stopped allowing users to buy GME and other meme stonks for a full day yesterday. 4. They have severely limited or  , including lots of non meme stonks. More are likely. 5. They are not allowing people to exercise their options, instead they are  . 6. There   on Robinhood as people are fed up with the restrictions, this is a negative feedback loop.  If Robinhood goes under the SEC will freeze all the accounts. The SIPC protects up to $500k in accounts. It takes months to unwind and get your money back. You might want to move any free floating money now or get out of any positions that aren't   .  # BUT MOST IMPORTANTLY, IF YOU HAVE DIGITAL CURRENCIES AT ROBINHOOD, IT APPEARS YOU WILL LOSE EVERYTHING!  I am not bullshitting. Look at their   support page for yourself.      EDIT because no one reads anything.  I am   not saying sell GME or any other meme stonk  . HOLD THEM. What I am saying is   get out of your digital currency positions.
The world is with us. HOLD
Here's a view of how it went from the short sellers perspective
GET SHORTY
Don’t forget why we are fighting the big boys.
I’ll make it quick.   Fuck the big guys. Fuck the suits. Fuck the MM’s. Fuck the Algos. Fuck the networks.   But remember there are still a lot of people struggling in America and around the world. So as we hold and see our gains realized, take a little bit of those gains and help out those who don’t have enough to be a part of this. Take some gains and donate to your favorite charity. Do what Robinhood is too cowardly to do, steal from the rich and give anything you can back to those less fortunate.   Personally I will be donating to Feeding America, and the Southern Poverty Law Center. But do what works for you. Just remember why we are doing this, and give something to help those with less.
With All the GameStop madness nobody has mentioned that SPY has tanked as much as $18 from its ATH.
It seems that the forced liquidation of leveraged funds shorting GameStop has caused a massive sell off of long positions and index funds. Looks like no big fund wants to bag hold their long positions in the case that other big funds get margin called or blow up their accounts completely.   On Tuesday at 10:40am at the exact time GameStop squeezed, you saw SPY tank roughly $6 at the same exact moment. Was this the first of many funds being blown up? Is there more to come? It seems as GameStop goes higher, all other non meme stocks/ indexes begin to crash.   Is this just a great excuse for a correction or is this going to be the reason the entire market crashes as they blame retail for funds being over leveraged once again?   Bailouts coming soon?
Here is why RKT might be a good move
Ive been looking at rocket mortgage and this is what i see:   if the name of the company being a   isn’t enough: P/E ratio is only    -  Short interest nearing 40% -  Above 20% borrowing rate, which makes it more expensive to borrow over time - Lock up period ends 2/02 but most shares held by the board - 2 major catalysts coming: 1. Super Bowl for brand exposure and 2. earnings, which they’ll blow out of the water, everyone and their mom refinanced their mortgage -   Cherry on top: Biden administration likely to push home ownership   tldr: RKT moon 21c 3/12 / 200 shares
AZN: Shareholder lawsuit filed   The vaccine trials were majorly bungled.
View from your future, a short story.
It’s 5:30 on a Saturday. The year is 2057. You are sitting on your deck looking out into the early evening sky. You see a GameStop jumbo jet fly into the horizon, you think it must be one if their E-Sport teams heading to a competition. The sight makes you smile for a brief moment, thinking back to the year 2021 often does so. A crash of an opening door breaks the dream.    “Dad, Dad, guess what!” says your son Keith Elon Williams as he jumps into the Maxnomic gaming chair next to you. “What is it Keith Elon?” you say. “Dad you won’t believe what we learned in school today, our history teacher told us about a massive war against Wall Street and that many Gay Bears and Heggies were caught in the middle of it!” You chuckle and respond, “Is that right?” Before you can finish your sentence Keith Elon interrupts you, “Dad, Dad you have to tell me, were you a part of the war against Wall Street? We’re you a part of the elite conglomerate of traders they talk about? The Autists of Wallstreetbets?!”  Your wife and her boyfriend walk out into the deck as well, you slap both their asses as they walk by per custom. “Oh Keith Elon we’ve talked about this! No bothering your father while he’s on the deck!” says your wife as she sits down next to her boyfriend on the limited edition AMC theater authentic seats. “Oh it’s alright babe, he’s about the age now where he should know, alright son listen up,” Keith Elon sits forward in his seat, eyes sparkling with interest. “There’s just one thing you always need to remember before I tell you this story son.” Your look changes, sharpens as your tone become serious. Keith’s face grows more serious as well, while maintain the curious look in his eyes. “Remember we have Diamond Fucking Hands in this family” with that your wife and her boyfriend roll their eyes, this being the one millionth time they’ve heard it. Keith looks down at his hands, flexing them with a sudden burst of strength. “Yes son, those hands can beat Goliath. Alright here’s what happened.........”  THIS CAN BE YOUR FUTURE IF YOU DON’T FUCKING SELL YOU PAPER HANDED MOTHERFUCKERS! SHARE WHAT YOU WOULD TELL KEITH ELON BELOW! DIAMOND FUCKING HANDS             🏻 🏻 🏻 🏻 🏻 🏻
If GME squeezes, TSLA will dip HARD. Don't forget to buy the dip.
GME squeezing will cause a 20-30% market correction as the liquidity necessary to cover all the short positions is obtained by selling off other positions in the market. The only day this week that the indexes closed higher than they opened was the day where Robinhoes restricted trading, because on the other days short sellers had to meet their growing margin requirements by selling other stocks. This, coming just after Tesla's earnings miss and the fact that it's a major component of the S&P 500 AND is considered to be a huge bubble by institutions, will literally drive Tesla stock into the dirt. Unfairly, mind you, because my price target for them is still $1600. Frankly, that target is conservative.  You're going to have the opportunity to get relatively cheap LEAPS on something that will triple in the next four years. So buy the fucking dip. Roll over all your GME gains and own a piece of the best EV/Renewables/Tech company of this century.  Elon will take us all to Tendie town again. Squeeze GME and use the hedge fund's own money to monopolize the future of our economy and country.  Positions: cash for buying that dip baby
We’re in this together. HOLD!
Oopsie daisies.
Earlier today, Robinhood started rejecting limit prices on GME for over $8,000
A dude I works with texted me today and said he couldn’t put a limit on GME for $50,000. Then he tried $20,000. Then he tried $10,000.  Nothing. Robinhood just kept saying “We can’t process your request because you will make us go fucking bankrupt if the sell order is that far out”  Then he tried $8,000. Boom. It worked.  So I told him to try putting a high limit on another stock.  He could put any limit he wanted on any other stock without issue.  What does this mean?  This means that $50,000 is NOT a meme.    AS LONG AS YOU KEEP CONTROL OF THE SHARES. YOU CONTROL THE SHARE PRICE. BASIC SUPPLY/DEMAND    There are literally not enough shares available for Melvins side of the bet to work out. The math just simply doesn’t check out for him. This whole situation wouldn’t have happened if he didn’t make a horrible bet.   If we all have $69,420 sell orders (imo, this is a very conservative and fair entry point for GME investors) then when Melvin starts closing their massive positions, the market will be absolutely flooded with buy orders. Eventually, those buy orders will find our $69,420 wall and eat it right up. The supply of shares to fulfill his side of the bet literally doesn’t exist. There aren’t enough shares—so theoretically, the price can go infinitely. In two months, you can invent a number and then request that number for your shares—Melvins gotta pay it.  All you gotta do is have those shares when he’s looking for them. We’ve got this. Everyone has our backs. The  only  way for them to get out of this is if we sell, or if they break the law with the whole world watching.  You’ve got this. It’s over for them. They know it. Robinhood knows it. Citadel knows it. It’s over. All you need to do it wait.
Am I doing this right? 200 shares at $40 a piece.
Jim Cramer tells you to take home run, dont go for the grand slam and sell GameStop. "they've covered"
You degenerates have forgotten what we are about. Turning your life savings of $  into thousands just to lose it all and start over on the next paycheck!
GAMESTONK - THE SQUEEZE HAS NOT SQUOZEN AND THE INFINITY WAR CONTINUES!
Dear autist army,     Some of you may have read (or seen because you cannot read) my post yesterday about a Gamma squeeze today. (  because brokerages like ROBINHOOD intentionally limited our ability to buy shares/apply pressure to the shorts  AKA 👿Melvin Capital AKA 👿Citadel LLC.     To be clear:                      BUT WHAT DOES IT ALL MEAN LIEUTENANT   u/Brassmonkeynutzz?     Ok. Let's start with the basics for all of you who are wet behind the ears. What is a Gamma squeeze you ask? A Gamma squeeze occurs when option sellers/market makers buy shares of the underlying stock to hedge their positions/prepare for the possibility that call option buyers decide to exercise their right to buy. This type of hedge is necessary when a significant amount of call option strikes are expiring in the money (last week all available strikes expired in the money on a stock for the first time in financial history and this week a shit load of strikes expired in the money as well).     Wait, you aren't actually reading this are you? If you are, I appreciate you. For those of you who cannot read (all of you), please see the TL;CR at the bottom of this post. (Hint:  )     Anyways, you might be wondering, why would Robinhood risk its reputation and entire business by limiting its customers ability to buy? Simple: "Robinhood’s regulatory filings show the company charges large investment firms called “market makers” (👿CITADEL/MELVIN) fees to access real-time information about which stocks its users are buying and selling, a practice some regulators and industry watchers have seen as a potential conflict of interest." In fact, "Robinhood routes more than half of its customer orders to Citadel, by far its largest market-making partner by volume, Robinhood disclosures show." (      In other words, Robinhood is more concerned about saving the GAY BEARS    that they are in bed with (their real customers - 👿CITADEL/MELVIN) than servicing retail investors like us. Ironically, Robinhood is taking from the poor and giving to the rich—it is ass backwards.     Before I go any further, I have to once again congratulate all of the true autists who have diamond handed  🏻 thus far. Thank you for holding. You are truly retarded and I salute you. And of course, I salute our King, u/DeepFuckingValue🤴, with the utmost respect. We fought valiantly in "The Great Battle for Valhalla" today. And it is very promising that EVEN DESPITE Robinhood limiting our retarded power, we went from closing at 196 yesterday to 328 at close today, and 312 as I write this post. But clearly, this infinity war is far from over.     If you sold like a paper handed pussy 📄🤚🏻🙀, then you are not a true WSB autist soldier. You are not one of us. Go invest in an ETF and leave this sub forever!       But I am a true autist, what can I do?       First things first, GTFO of Robinhood immediately if you do not have options expiring within the next week and transfer your portfolio to literally any other brokerage.    (EDIT: Transferring will lock up your shares/portfolio until the transfer is complete, which could take a week or so; so only transfer now if you are ok with that—I am just so disgusted with RH at this point that I almost don't care and will be diamond handing my shares for more than a week most likely anyways).    They are fucking criminals and they are trying to delay/mitigate the MOASS. I am personally transferring to   (EDIT) FIDELITY   unless you tards have a better suggestion.     For those of you who were clenching when we got down to around 126 yesterday and around 250 today. I know you were scared. But the following cannot be overstated:   THAT IS EXACTLY WHAT THEY WANT! FEAR!!!!!         JUST FUCKING HOLD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   THEY WANT YOUR FUCKING SHARES SO BAD BECAUSE THERE IS A HUGE SHORTAGE.       HOLD THE MOTHERFUCKING LINE AND WE RIDE TO VALHALLA!             Shortage? YES A FUCKING SHORTAGE. Over 100% shares are still shorted. Do not listen to anyone who says Melvin Capital has closed out their short position. That is total bullshit.     But, but, but, WhY iS CNBC AdVeRtIsInG tHaT MeLvIn ClOsEd iTs sHoRt pOsItiOn tHeN 🤪? (  I mean seriously, ask yourselves, why the fuck would CNBC run paid advertisements about the shorts closing their positions? BECAUSE THE BIG BOYS WANT YOU TO THINK THE SQUEEZE IS OVER SO YOU SELL AND GIVE UP. FEAR NOT; THE SQUEEZE HAS NOT SQUOZEN!       Think about it:   if Melvin closed its short position, it would simply move on to the next trade and never look back. There would not be any reason to    pay    to advertise that.       Summary:   the big dogs want you to think the squeeze is over, and they want you to panic and sell your shares.  ! Instead,   HOLD! BUY THE DIP! REPEAT!         Monday, we ride at dawn!       Sincerely, Lieutenant u/Brassmonkeynutzz       TL;CR:   $    🏻👨‍ 👨‍ 👨‍    📈📈📈       Gamestonk Position:
As I See It, the GME Squeeze is Squoze. Prove Me Wrong
I posted this in another thread:  >The chaos we saw this last week was due to a squeeze experienced by the hedges that were holding a lot of naked GME shorts that did not have cash or stock on hand to cover their position when the stock blew up. A lot of other funds may still be in deep in covered shorts (they hold actual stock in addition to what they borrowed and short sold) which is pretty safe and neutral. Some may have small naked short positions and they may be seeking small share buys to cover or close them, or simply cashing them out for a loss isn't a major hit. Many of these short positions don't have a fixed timeline and are stable so long as the short continues to pay interest. Today GME was pretty quiet and I think the fluctuations were due to half of WSB selling and the other half buying.  I think the major squeeze is squoze. Certainly most of the major bleeding by the hedge funds over GME is done, as any of them with any sort of exposure and brain cells are covering if they weren't already. Some hedge fund managers actually know how to hedge.  Upshot   isn't going to go down like the VW short squeeze in 2008. Back then only a few players controlled the vast majority of the stock. In the GME situation the stock and shorts are dispersed over far more organizations and individuals.  If you have information or data to the contrary, I'd love to see it.  I am not a financial advisor, just an internet idiot, so do your own DD before blowing your money.
Why we ONLY can use Fidelity and Vanguard for future Buys: A breakdown
A PREFACE: DO NOT XFER OUT OF RH. THIS ADVICE IS FOR NEW BUYERS ONLY OR FOR THOSE WHO HOLD MORE THAN 5 SHARES IN RH AND WANT TO BUY MORE. ANYONE BOUGHT ON RH, DISABLE STOP LIMIT. DISABLE MARGIN, AND HOLD ON CASH.    Lets get this shit out of the way right now. The reality of the situation is Robinhood does NOT have the liquidity or capital to support buys any further due to their clearing house being in house and run by baling wire and dreams. Their owners have a vested interest in ensuring they don't make the collateral demanded by the DTC to move the cash required.  So here's the fucking rub. There are two CONFIRMED brokers that will do anything in their fucking power to ensure we trade as much as we fucking want. They are...    Fidelity and Vanguard  . You want to know why? They both own millions of shares in GME, do you think they won't do whatever they absolutely can to ensure collateral is covered on GME? They are profiting hardcore off of this. We NEED to be throwing their weight behind them, they are the ONLY future we have if we need to be backing this stock as retail.  This weekend, we need to push harder than we ever have before to educate people on this reality. Robinhood is bush league shit for processing this kind of demand, and it's time we take it to the big boys like Fidelity and Vanguard to handle the rest of this.    TLDR: Robinhood CANNOT SUPPORT OUR VOLUME. The ONLY brokers right now are Vanguard and Fidelity because they OWN GME SHARES. This is PERFECT for us. They will flip fucking gravity to keep us trading. PUSH ON.    Take this opportunity by the balls and never let go.         USE YOUR       THIS POST IS COPYPASTA APPROVED. SPREAD IT
Wall Street faces Washington crackdown after GameStop manipulation
I want to get out of RH but I need a broker with a user friendly mobile app. Help
I am looking at this   for which brokers use which clearing house. Unsurprisingly most broker have apex up their buttholes.   Of the brokers that didn't fuck us over this week, can anyone recommend one with a user friendly mobile app. The only other experience I have is with TDA/TOS. I love their web ui but their app is complete dog shit. Any recommendation?  Love you fellow retards and autists.  No     EDIT: Anyone posting webull, sofi, tastyworks all these use apex for clearing. Apex pulled the same shit RH did.   Anyone know which clearing house public uses?  EDIT 2: Consensus seems to be heavily Fidelity, followed by tda/tos and schwab. Some recco for vanguard as well but their UI is ass imo unless it changed drastically in the last couple of years.  EDIT 3: Lots of E-Trade recommendation as well
Melvin can pry these 730 shares from my cold, dead hands
I. AINT. SELLING.
STILL HDOLING THESE WILLY WONKA WEEKLIES WILL PRINT.
German journalists call on Twitter to buy GameStop shares. Not as speculation, but for the time being as a participation fee for a political demonstration.
Ally Invest’s email about GME to scare us, “the last thing you want is regulators knocking on your door”. LMFAO I JUST LIKE THE STOCK   🏻
Can I draw some attention to how hard this sub has been hooking Reddit up too? Ya love to see it.
Nice going retards.. GAWD!
Brethren beware! Lots of media outlets publishing tall tales about the next GME, wanting to FOMO you into other stocks that are “sure” to fly to the moon, etc. Don’t fall for that snake oil, they’re trying to f—k you out of your GME shares! HOLD
Worried about GME over the weekend?       We are in this together against Wall Street. 10k->  (with some SPCE and AMC side action)
I think GME shares are priceless. GME at this moment cannot fail because we are willing to buy its products no matter what. Please read this and let me explain...
We bought a company. That company is going to succeed AS LONG AS WE WANT IT TO.  Millions of people love what we did. Those millions of people will buy whatever GME produces because they are financially invested in its profit margin. Or maybe because they are emotionally sympathetic to it succeeding because their family members, friends, coworkers, or neighbors own a share.  If Gamestop wanted to introduce a movie streaming platform,  millions of people would subscribe to the GME movie app. We'd be as rich as Netflix. We are going to buy our products BECAUSE IT'S OUR COMPANY.  We wouldn't buy games from any other retailer, we would buy it from GME.   If Gamestop started a music streaming platform, we'd download and subscribe to GME Music. We'd be as rich as Spotify and Apple Music.  We are the consumers. We have all the economic power in this situation.  I may be just another idiot WSB investor, but...  Prove me wrong.  Edit:              Edit 2:  APE STRONGER TOGETHER
GME Shareholders Today
Holding the line AH I love you all ❤️
I’M NOT FREAKING SELLING!! Holding 💪
The 4 horsemen of blaming    of GME and other shorted stocks for “The market plunges amid the Reddit rebellion”
How Clearing Demands Helped Ground the WallStreetBets Stocks - WSJ article from Robinhood
PHOTO: carlo allegri/Reuters  AMC     GME     How Clearing Demands Helped Ground the WallStreetBets Stocks  Telis Demos  •     Last Updated January 29, 2021, 6:33 PM  When some online brokers including Robinhood Markets Inc. and Webull Financial LLC moved this week to restrict trading in GameStop Corp., AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc. and other stocks, fueled by Reddit's WallStreetBets forum, they did so in part because of obligations with clearinghouses that help ensure trading across the market isn't disrupted by defaults. Here's how it works.     What is a clearinghouse?     Consider the basics of trading: Buyers and sellers must agree on a price. The buyer then must pay the seller, and ownership must be formally transferred.     Enter clearinghouses. The clearinghouse collects and distributes payments and transfers ownership. So traders are free to focus just on price, and to take the best price in the market regardless of who is offering it. Neither side has to worry about the other's ability to pay.     For stocks in the  , the main clearinghouse is National Securities Clearing Corp., which is part of a larger clearing organization that operates in other markets, called Depository Trust & Clearing Corp.     How do they work?     Clearinghouses serve to mutualize risk. Members keep cash or collateral such as Treasury securities at the clearinghouse to cover their own activities and the obligations of other members should they fail. The clearinghouse might ask the members to post more of this money, often known as margin, if they are making riskier trades. The aim is to ensure that no individual member's failure causes the whole system to collapse.     How does the financial crisis figure in this?     In response to the 2008 collapse of broker-dealer Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc., lawmakers writing the Dodd-Frank Act sought to beef up supervision of clearinghouses and to push more trading into clearinghouses. The focus was primarily on so-called over-the-counter derivatives, like credit-default swaps, that didn't have a central marketplace. The reforms also affected some longstanding clearinghouses, including National Securities Clearing Corp., by designating them as systemically important financial market utilities, which subjected them to greater regulatory scrutiny.     Why would a clearinghouse have to increase requirements?     As noted earlier, margin requirements often rise with risk. A sharp rise in the price of any security raises the prospect that it will decline just as fast, potentially adding to the risk of those trading and holding as collateral these securities.     A challenge in the stock market is that settlement is not instant. The system allows two days after the day a trade happens until the shares and money must change hands, known as "T+2" settlement. Over those two days, the risk that a party might be unable to complete a trade can, in rare circumstances, change dramatically based on market conditions.     One such circumstance might be when the price of a security is extraordinarily volatile. In that case, the seller is exposed to increased risk that in the event of a failure of a buyer to pay up, the security they would be stuck still owning is worth dramatically less. The extraordinary volatility of a stock like GameStop would increase such a concern.     Another is the risk that a party suddenly owes an outsize amount of cash. In a normal market, any clearing member likely has a mostly balanced book of buys and sells, meaning they are both paying and receiving cash. And often many of their own customers' trades cancel each other, meaning they have no net obligation to the clearinghouse. But when a firm has a huge imbalance of buy orders, its obligation to pay cash skyrockets. This may have been the case this week, when there was much demand for just one or two stocks.     So who decides it's time to increase margin requirements?     How a clearinghouse judges these risks, and therefore when it makes demands for more upfront funds, is typically formulaic. Margins can be based on equations such as value-at-risk. Exactly how the formula works, and who is responsible for losses in what order, are important elements. In the case of National Securities Clearing Corp., losses would be covered by the defaulting member's funds before the clearinghouse's own funds or other members' funds would be used.     A broker like Robinhood would also have to make decisions about its own capital, and how much it was willing or able to tie up in settlement. A broker may face separate obligations for capital levels, like with the SEC. Other brokers also clear via another intermediary -- like Apex Clearing, through which WeBull clears -- that is a member. These intermediaries may have their own risk controls they apply to their clients.     Write to Telis Demos at       © 2021 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.
THE BATTLE RAGES ON BROTHERS   (full video in the comments)
Where are you donating a portion of your squeeze profits once this is all said and done?
I think this perspective needs to be shared more, and it will also likely give us an additional push to help keep people committed deep into next week and beyond. Throughout all of this, I've felt compelled to remember two key facts:    1) We are the good guys in this situation   2) We are not the littlest fish in the room  &nbsp;  Point 1 is obvious to basically the whole world right now — our diamond hands have been forged under the pressure of cold, ruthless, faceless billionaires trying hard to squash us. No arguments from almost anyone on this point.  &nbsp;  Point 2, though, is easy to overlook. This whole thing is about taking back from the greedy ultra-rich and redistributing the wealth to the common folk. Still, this leaves out a part of the picture. Just about everyone who has a brokerage account with a few grand they're willing to lose is, on the grand scale, relatively fortunate. There are billions of people worldwide who couldn't imagine ever risking five grand, and many of them couldn't imagine making that much in the first place. Tons of our fellow citizens are starving, wondering how to make ends meet — especially right now, in the middle of a pandemic with crazy unemployment. I know I'm lucky to be secure enough to focus my energy on this for hours a day.  &nbsp;  I've been here since around 2014 and I love this community. Now we have an opportunity to do some good, and to simultaneously show the world that our money is, literally, where our mouth is: that we truly   believe   in the principle of not being excessively greedy, and allowing those in less fortunate positions to share in the wealth. This is why I'm committing to donating at least 5% of my profits to St Jude Children's Hospital, and another 5% to  , after I sell GME for $42069 a share. Who's in?  &nbsp;   (Edit: formatting)
Gamestop should offer stock to public in a direct listing
Before you throw me out of the sub hear me out.  We know the talking heads on CNBC and other sites have been saying they can end the squeeze by offering shares to the shorts.  Momentum would stop and company could pay down debt, become investment grade, invest in business transformation.  But what about a direct listing to the public (no companies or institutions), maybe 5MM shares with a maximum ~10 shares per individual at some lower price.  They could build additional support for the company and its future, wouldn't dilute the stock significantly, and would not help the shorts get an easy bailout.  They can get much needed capital and keep our movement going.  Positive spiral up, and brings in new people to love and root for the company.    what you will to me you crazy     Edit: holy crap my first gold. Yes I have a smooth brain but the comments are great. Keep the ideas flowing. We need to help the company but just the stock holders.  Edit#2 - fixed the number of shares in the offering
WE JUST LIKED IT, ALRIGHT!?
Too Stupid To Be An Idiot, But Cheering From The Sidelines
Hi WSB. I do not own any stonks of any kind; I didn't get in early because I'm not a stocker (you guys call yourselves stockers right? Or something like that?), didn't get in late because my financial state most of my adult life has been "driven deep into the red by anything from minor car problems to excessively chunky peanut butter". (Don't worry, I'm safe by virtue of having a dad in IT who foolishly believes I deserve to survive off my two kitchen jobs like some pinko commie).  If I could have made it in, I would have pulled out just enough for some minor financial security, maybe a few thousand or 10k's (I used to make $1600 a month working 80 hour weeks and I've still never had multiple thousands at once, so I assume that's the "normal people range"); and then I would not have tried to game the squeeze at all. I would ride into the crash just to spite the broken system and the fucked up people fucking it up.  My situation is only indirectly due to 2008 and previous fuck ups; I never lost my job because of the crashes or anything. It's been a combination of coming of age exactly during the post-housing world (I was literally graduating at the time), a very long and constant stream of bad luck and mental health issues (sadly not stupidity or I would've ended up here), and just being stuck on low rungs for everything because I started on the low rungs and only people on higher rungs can climb rungs. Rungs doesn't sound like a word anymore. Ruuuuuungs. Wrungs.  I realize that there are worst-case scenarios where the entire market implodes, and as one of the little guys I'm probably going to be hurt by that. I realize that if you guys win, you'll be the new suits. Hell I know that some of you are already wearing nice pants. But fuck it. Fuck the people who treat human lives like a game, AND cheat at that game, AND are bad at it and just don't fucking care and don't have to. People need to learn there are consequences.  I'm anxious and scared of the possibility of the entire market disintegrating and the world becoming a post-apocalyptic hellscape instead of the current during-apocalypse hellscape. I'm defeated by the likelihood that I will wake up one day and things will have returned to normal and nothing will change. I'm dissociating because this is such a huge historical event and I'm just watching it in fucking real time while I play Animal Crossing. I'm annoyed because I'm just listing my emotions and the reasons I feel them and that seems lazy and boring and you guys probably don't even understand what letters are.   Oh also memes or something I guess.
[BB]     in Action.
$BB mic dropped about SolarWinds a few hours ago, bless  Papa Chen.       👨‍
Pain Of Missing Out (POMO)
It hurts. I was long GME before the revolt, for sound, logical reasons. I knew retail was hurting because of covid, but the company's valuation was ridiculously low. Only a few hundred mil mkt cap. Dirt cheap. I traded it from 6 to 7. Then from 9 to 12. Made a day trade for a few hundred bucks.  Then wsb started talking about GME. And more GME. I became wary. "Reverse wsb" they said. I was still bullish when it was trading around and 20 bucks a share, but thought I'd play it safe. I sold a put and got exerciced. Sold it back to market to break even. Gme posts started flooding my reddit feed. Dd this, dd that.  I never read the DD. Pages and pages of posts, enough to fill a textbook. I didn't even want to hear what all the autists were saying. If I would've just read ONE of them posts about the short interest I would've been convinced to buy and hold. I'd be rich right now. That is all. I'm in pain, but I'm so happy and proud of this community. History was made these last few weeks.
Doing my   selling, I’m in this for the memories
This is why we HOLD, the losses are fake, tendies are eternal
Major AMC Shareholder Silver Lake Sells Entire Stake for $713 Million
[Advice] What to do if your platform doesn't allow for a stupid high limit sell price?
Not sure what other platforms give you this issue but if you try to put in a limit of 6,  (or some other absurd shit) it won't allow it and gives the following message:     \>      Error:  (000906) The limit price you have entered is too far away from the Last Trade price for this security. Please use the following guidelines when entering your limit price: For buy limit orders in which your limit price is below the current Last Trade price, your limit price can be no more than 50% away from the last trade. For sell limit orders in which your limit price is above the current Last Trade price, your limit price can be no more than 50% away from the Last Trade price.      ...  I would hate to miss out on the rocket to Uranus during a mid-day nap.
The Market Is Not Your Salvation
Many millionaires have been made, it was as easy as buying GME, BB, AMC, MU, AMD, TLRY, ENPH, JKS, AAPL, FB, NFLX, etc, etc, etc.  From the outside looking in, nothing can go wrong, look at the chart, it doesn’t lie. Stocks only go up.   I’m all for high risk high reward, but there is a clear line between gambling your future away and gambling your present. Eating ramen and driving a moped so you can drop your last dollar into a OTM BB play is reasonably ridiculous.  When you need that money to live though, when you’re pulling from rent and food money, just for the opportunity to get out of your situation, you’re not likely going to make it. The first hit is free, sometimes you get lucky, but a lot of times things go against you. This sub is not for you losing house/home/stability, you need to take care of yourself first, it’s expensive being poor and the market can help out, but not by get rich quick mentality, but my living frugally so you can invest, and lose, and when you lose, get right back at saving for your next play.  Please, gamble within your means, and if you think the hedge funds are evil, recognize that they are only greedy, a vice that is rife here too.
AMC has a 100% short increase. The squeeze is just beginning!!!
Robinhood Bankruptcy and our options
How realistic is a robinhood Bankruptcy? If they declare bankruptcy soon the entirety of their client base is pretty much locked into their positions and basically fucks over most of us taking advantage of any kind of squeeze since we wouldn't be able to trade for months while the government sorts it all out. Obviously this helps their main revenue source, citadel.  I'm not sure if this guy in the tweet is fear mongering or if I need to seriously consider selling my shares & calls monday and getting the hell off RH and over to a non-shitty broker.
Robinhood sucks!! What stops all of us from crowd funding our own trading app
I don't know much about how clearinghouses and brokerages actually work. Like how are orders actually filled? Is there like a server on Wall Street?  How does it physically work. Who keeps track of who has what? Nor do I know how much capital an organization would need in order for it to position itself in the market in such a way that it can offer a platform for poor folks like me, and probably you, to access the market with out some hedge funds front running our orders and eating our lunch.  Is there some form of organization like a non-profit or NGO that such an undertaking could become a business?    I don't know any of this. But I have heard it said if we do not all hang together, we will hang separately.   Please beat this idea up like it owes you money.
the launch pad is now complete.
Are we inadvertently blaming the wrong people?
EDIT: I have been made aware RH is their own clearing house. If so, then that shit's fucked and fuck them.  These last two days we’ve seen insane backlash against RH, and, on the surface, for seemingly good reason: they restricted our ability to purchase GME among other shares, at a very important time! THEY SUPPRESSED RETAIL DEMAND DURING A SHORT SQUEEZE.  But I don’t think this was a decision they willingly made, nor do I think they made it in defense of the shorters (although it did inadvertently help them).  I’ve read a few things, and correct me if I’m mistaken about any of them, that point to the clearing houses being responsible for RH’s inability to allow its customers to trade. The most recent evidence showcasing over 50+ shares that they’re restricting trading on, clearly indicates RH is experiencing a liquidity crisis. Why? Clearing houses increased RH’s margin requirements while conducting trades in their behalf. Not just RH’s, but many other brokers as well.   When a trade is made, the clearing house is the intermediary. Let say you want to buy 1k of GME. RH takes your order, and gives it to the clearing house (it goes through citadel too but let’s ignore that for a moment) and the house finds a seller. They match you together, and the clearing house buys (with their own money) the share you want, gives it to you, and gets your money, but not right away. It typically processes for something around 2 days. They provide temporary liquidity to guarantee sellers get their funds immediately, and they require RH to also put up a portion of that temporary liquidity, as collateral (margin).  So what happened? The margin RH was required to put up increased from anywhere from 30% to 100%. That means if you buy 1k of shares, RH used to only need to show 300. Now they have to show 1k. And if they don’t, I assume they end up out of compliance, which leaves them liable to a lot of bad shit.  What happens if RH doesn’t have the liquidity to show 100% margin? They can’t take your trade, because they’d be out of compliance! So they reduce the amount of shares customers can buy to remain within liquidity margins. Same for other brokers as well. It seems really bad with RH however, because now they’ve increased their reduced stock list to companies like Starbucks and GM. Wild. And with all the public backlash, customers are also probably trying to withdraw funds, causing a liquidity crisis feedback loop.  Now here’s the part that worries me, and again, correct me if I’m wrong. RH innovated by allowing retail traders to trade for free, without fees. Their competition was forced to capitulate to these new standards. No fees, means easier trades for retail. Primarily, in the past, retail’s most common trade (and still probably today) were long term holds. If RH goes away, there’s a chance we see a reiteration of trading fees.  There’s also a chance we see more option restrictions on retail as well. The squeezes we’ve been seeing happened, in part, because a purchase of an option causes the seller to go out and purchase shares to cover, in case the option is exercised. The relative price of purchasing an otm option is significantly less than of purchasing the underlying stock itself, but if many options are purchased, much of the stock gets purchased, and we see these types of gamma squeezes. RH enabled this.   Anyways, positions are GME shares and calls, and of course:
Huge shoutout to Kevin O'Leary: "Definition of the market is speculation. If you are short you know run a new risk that these effective social media vigilantes are going to come after you and squeeze you and its good because it will make a lot of hedge funds think for a second time before shorting."
SHORT HEDGES got 1 part of this wrong, these are
Questions Asked:   Questions Answered: 0
Exercising my right to buy 100 shares. I don’t want 2660% return on my $. I want Moarrr. GME
Kevin O'Leary cheers GameStop frenzy despite risk as 'real world' lesson for novice investors. Watch the Mass. secretary defend the his hedge fund masters......
[GME] What     Looks Like
After this is all done...
We've received a lot of attention as a community lately and it's been for better or for worse. Hundreds of thousands have joined in and rallied alongside us while others have scolded us for being reckless and harmful and stating that we should be investigated or sued.   Either way, I think it's fair to say that this has been a once in a lifetime scenario and a lot of us have come upon some money that we didn't expect to have.   In the spirit of being the smooth brains we are, we still have a lot of work to  🤲 until Melvin's wife's boyfriend can't buy the prada bag he wants. But, once the shorts fully cover  and the tendies are secured I think it's only right for us to give back a little because we know how good it feels when the tendies are spread around.  So, I propose that, when the dust settles, the mods set up a way for us to all donate money as a group to some charities or efforts of our choice (maybe we can vote and split funds by percentage). Together we can show that we're not the greedy fucks that we're taking this money from and can raise a lot of money for great causes and I think that's a pretty good way to start off 2021.
What is to come is not our fault
# #FREE GME  It’s becoming clearer and clearer what is coming in the future. As Robinhood restricts purchases on owning more than 1 share in multiple tickers, we can extrapolate why they are pulling every illegal move in the book.  They are out of money. You’ve heard liquidity crisis, well it means they don’t have enough money to pay for our fair legally made gains. Hence the $1 Billion dollar infusion. Decimating the clearing house may restructure parts of the economy, but it was never our fault.  Melvin, Citadel, all these short positions took on a stupid bet. We’ve been taught to never go full retard but that exactly what they’ve been doing, shorting over +100% of the physical shares. Their bad investment cannot be blamed on us small investors just because we bought the stock we like.  Now they’re taking proactive, not reactive measures because they know what is to come. Forcing low prices to scoop up users who’ve invested on margin. Selling to each other to simulate a sell off that will never come. Literally saying you can’t buy the most basic investment, a single share.   For now, we hold. Everyday we hold, they lose billions. Every day they lose billions due to their own position, we inch closer to the inevitable payout. A payout they can’t afford. If they continue to hold their losing position, what is to come is bankruptcy. The upside is, we can hold this stock longer than they can take on debt.  “We can stay retarded longer than they can remain solvent” is not a joke considering their retarded position. Here’s some post I stole of some nerd on the internet:   In this case, collateral requirements on GME went up. Because of its volatility. So while before Robinhood had to pony up collateral for a few shares of GME for every hundred it traded, it now had to, at close of business, pony up one hundred shares' worth of collateral for every hundred it traded. That creates a cash crunch. One that exacerbates itself with every additional trade in the security. If Robinhood fails to satisfy those collateral calls, they go out of business overnight.  So when Citadel and Robinhood can’t pay out, despite telling people to shut up and sell, remember it was never our fault.   Position: 24 shares of GME, not selling until I see billionaires go homeless for betting against Americans  Enjoy your weekend fucking idiots. Go spend some time with your family.    And to the SEC, you have a choice. Either restrict Americans from buying a single share on the free market setting a precedent of market manipulation or force shorts to close out some of their mind-numbingly stupid positions just like they did to us.  Edit: I see your concerns about what happens if they bankrupt or the stock plummets. Your cash is insured up to a certain amount $250,000 if a bankruptcy occurs.  The stock will only plummet if people mass sell, but it’s not happening. The news, the movement all  fuel imo. Don’t sell, we are stronger together. My investment advice has always been, don’t put in anything you can’t afford to lose. That way you are always protected. Thank you for the awards, buy GME.
The Finest News Source in America knows what’s up
Decided to yolo TSLA & AMD earnings. I’m always quick to post gain so here’s a loss!
The Real Short that Could Collapse Establishment Hedges $SLV
This is the most important DD you will ever read.  I don’t usually post here but this needs to be   we can band together and understand how the silver markets are leveraged $SLV and other silver stocks could go absolutely flying.  Silver is the most manipulated and corrupted market in Wall Street. Big hedges have been suppressing the price for years to hide inflation from there corrupt friends at the FED and ultimately have leveraged hundreds of times more paper silver than actually silver in existence.   Silver is in more demand then ever and the supply will only shrink. In silver highs the price in today’s money would be 600$-1000$. And now it floats at 25$ when the highs in the 80s where in the 50$ range. It is so absurd and if we can all recognize this we truly could take down the entire establishment starting from the hedges down all the way to our corrupted federal reserve that has literally printed most of the money supply in the past year, which in theory should send silver flying to the moon but is being suppressed by the crooks on Wall Street to hide inflation and make you poorer.  TL;DR  BUY SILVER TAKE DOWN THE ESTABLISHMENT, something we all agree on. $SLV should literally be in the high hundreds if not thousands if we can all unite.  Edit: For the tards
Bought AMC weeklies before the big move 🖕you hedge funds!
That’s what I thought
I'm Mad as Hell When I See All Sellers and No Buyers--You Should Be Too
Update: My first Fidelity deposit is locked in and I'm ready to invest with them. Fuck Robinhood.  Hey GME gang, I've been trying to figure why I'm feeling sour when I'm sitting here on a Friday, enjoying a 10 bagger on my GME plays and a celebratory tumbler of whiskey. It certainly has everything to do with Robinhood--those fuckers sold my $310 call expiring today at 11:09   PT with no notice, no questions, nothing (you might recognize 11:09   PT as basically the low point of the day; that option was worth about $10k at 3:55 today) and they sold it for a grand. Thanks, fuckers!  But no, that's not the reason I'm writing this post. I'm writing because I'm pissed off about the screenshot I stole from another post by u/tsukune_surprise. I'm sure we all know about the infamous ladder selling by now that hedge funds use to force down the price to artificial lows. What's eating me up is that, while they certainly employed this bullshit tactic before in our run from $20 to $300+ at present, the results have never been so dramatic as they were today and yesterday. You all know the reason--up until yesterday, WSB and our allies would buy back those shares right away, on the cheap. Now, of course, I'm guessing at least half of our people can't hardly do shit but watch it crash thanks to Robinhood and others who suspended buying in GME.  You can see it plainly in the level two data when ladder selling occurs. To put it bluntly, there are virtually   no buyers and only sellers  . We all know there's no shortage of demand for shares, but the price continues to drop. These fuckers are gaming the system to spite us and if we sit on our hands, there's nothing we can do about it.  So here's the rub: Get off your butt, pick up your phone, log onto your computer, do whatever you have to to #DumpRobinhood and get on a platform that actually supports its people. My portfolio transfer to   Fidelity   is happening as we speak and I hope I'm not the only one. Thanks for reading and stay angry at the powers that be. This is our moment and we can't waste it because of some bullshit app.  This is not financial advice as I'm rtard like you. Positions: 157 shares at an AC of $ ; two $160 2/5 calls
The Hedgies fight dirty
More CNN - Link to the thread in comments
Excellent Work Guys
AMC YOLO UPDATE - 29 Jan
You guys are actually understating how royally fucked Shorty is.
Imagine this, you're Shorty. Shorty is a politically connected trust fund asshole who got into Harvard/Yale on legacy. You never worked a day in your life, but your congressman/hedgefund daddy gets you a job at Citadel because your daddy is friends with the head muckity muck and then you go on to start a long/short hedge fund that invests in fruits.   You want to buy a shiny apple at $120 thinking it will be $130, but you don't want to just buy a shiny apple with your own money - you want to buy the apple with someone else's money, so you borrow 3 oranges from some reddit retard who thinks you have his best interest at heart. You immediately sell the 3 oranges at $40 a piece to buy a shiny apple at $120. You do this because you think the apple is worth more and will appreciate more, but, you turn into a greedy asshole. You then go on TV and tell everyone that oranges are cancerous to scare people into getting rid of their oranges and bring the price down to $20 so that you only have to pay the reddit retard half of what you sold the oranges for.   This works for a while. More greedy rich assholes follow your lead and sell to each other to the point where 40 retards sell their 40 oranges to these assholes, who sell to each other, making the total number of oranges borrowed outstanding now 70.  This is ok, as long as the orange is worth less than the apple. You sold 3 oranges at $40 and bought a shiny apple and now the apple is worth 130 and the oranges are worth $20, so you made more than the $10 that increased in the value of the apple (130-20 3=70).   However, something bad happens - Reddit retards notice not enough oranges exists to cover what you and your friends owe, so they decide to buy up all the oranges to raise the price of oranges. Unfortunately for you, this works. And now, oranges are worth $195... So what is your account worth? Negative.  How? You still owe 3 oranges, just they're now worth $195, and all you have is 1 shiny apple worth $130 to show for it. Your net position on this trade is now worth ($130-$585 = -$455)... Did I forget, that you are also paying 28% interest on the $455, only increasing the amount you owe day after day? You sweat, you panic, you tell your friend at CNBC to tell everyone everything is ok and that you closed your position when you know - you literally can't as you cry and shit yourself and avoid being seen in public as much as you can and keep ignoring you prime brokers phone calls asking for more margin, hoping Robinhood will save you, but they don't, and those oranges are now worth $325 each and its only the first week...   btw, not a financial advisor so you do you, booboo   #TLDR: HOLD AND BLEED SHORTY#
To Valhalla
We were the best advertising for Robinhood. We need to end that now
Robinhood has been on some real bullshit, that much is clear. There are enough posts here to show how shitty they are and how they are fucking us over, so I feel like I don't need to get into the why of what I'm proposing.    We were the best advertising for Robinhood. Think about it... Seeing a fellow WSBer post awesome gains was almost always via a Robinhood screenshot. You see those gains, you want those gains, so you get Robinhood. You post your Robinhood screenshot. The cycle continues...  I've been here long enough to remember people saying "not RH, don't understand" to posts from WeBull or Fidelity or whatever the fuck you non-US people use.   We need to end that now.   After all this shakes out (we sell GME at $42690 per share),   I propose BANNING ROBINHOOD SCREENSHOTS in WSB.    Who's with me?   TLDR - Fuck Robinhood.  Edit: Fuck Vlad. And Apex, obviously. But we aren't posting their screenshots, so mainly FUCK ROBINHOOD.  On the off chance they are still in existence a month from now, I want to see ZERO RH screenshots on WSB
In other words...
A New Era of WSB?
Hello friends, today I come to you with a very serious proposition. Robinhood has betrayed us. For the year I have commented here (was previously a lurker on an alt account) I have always stuck up for them. You would hear it all the time “switch to a real broker” “Robinhood is shit”. Despite its flaws RH revolutionized trading and many of us would not be where we are today without it, including myself. I have always been a strong advocate for them. But what we have seen the past days is unforgivable and I cannot, in good faith, bring myself to continue using their service.  The smoke is still clearing, and while it seems blatantly obvious that Robinhood has maliciously colluded against us, nothing is clear yet and despite the circumstances I like to give the benefit of the doubt. So I come to you with this proposition. While I see this as very unlikely, unless Robinhood can release proof/statements that a majority of us can agree are sufficient to show their “innocence”...  -We ban Robinhood from WSB. I don’t want to speak for the mods, but I’m sure it would be fairly easy to set up auto-mod so it recognizes screenshots from RH and immediately block them.   -Of course this theoretical ban would not take place until after the squeeze has squoze. I know many of us are struggling to move into a better broker and should be given time to make the transition.
Fox News Radio in Chicago is telling people Melvin / Citron closed their position
On my way home flipping, stumble across Radio station 560 The Answer outside of Chicago -  Steve Cortes Show was covering the GME short squeeze and when the station took a commercial break FOX NEWS came with an extremely odd 20 second news piece about shorts.   Their words were, and I am paraphrasing:   "Melvin Capitol and Citron Research have exited their short positions and shorts interest fell roughly 50% for the day."  Ken Griffin is the richest person in the state of Illinois ( (for now)) and majority owner of the investment firm Citadel.   \- To Steve's credit he was actually defending us, he was a former professional trader and still very actively involved. I may not believe a lot of what Mr. Cortes' politics are but I do appreciate him on our side on this one. May your tendies be plentiful Steve.
CRSR Gang Checking In
STILL HOLDING - but sceptical how this will turn out next week... read
I got over $40k in $GME still holding out of principle. Not giving away any of my shares to these fucks.   However, how can we be so confident it'll moon, when the power is in the billionaires hands?   Halted trading for a week?    Only closing positions available for a week?    Trading amongst themselves manipulating the price down further?    Whats stopping them? What can WE really do?    I feel like we're gonna get fucked by some gay tricks regardless of what happens. There is no way they'll cover their shorts at these high prices. Anything illegal is in their power to do as they please.   Suing RH? Whats that gonna do for  us?      I know in theory, the stock could go to infinity assuming we won't sell for cheap. But in real life, I can't imagine there will be no legal actions involved.
PSA: Treat yo self
Fellow homies and homiettes this has been some week. Emotionally and mentally taxing, but spiritual invigorating (if that makes sense.). Please take some time to be nice to yourself so you can recharge your batteries and continue in battle. I know I will need to.   PS Huge thanks to the mods for dealing with all the crazyiness.  Huge thanks to everyone here and the diamond hands crew.   Huge thanks to u/DeepFuckingValue for keeping the morale up.   Have a good rest of the night everyone, and stay safe!
Bloomy still has no idea "Why they singled out Melvin remains a mystery."
S3 says we ain't done!!
I keep hearing that ‘most of the GME shorts have covered’ — totally untrue,” said Ihor Dusaniwsky, S3 managing director of predictive analytics. “In actuality the data shows that total net shares shorted hasn’t moved all that much.” “While the ‘value shorts’ that were in GME earlier have been squeezed, most of the borrowed shares that were returned on the back of the buy to covers were shorted by new momentum shorts in the name,” Dusaniwsky added in an email.  cost-to-borrow shares for the purpose of selling them short — jumped to   on existing shorts and 50% on new short positions, S3 said. “If most of the shorts had covered, we would not be seeing stock borrow rates at these high levels — by now you would be able to borrow GME stock at single digit levels due to an increase in the lendable stock loan supply due to borrowed shares being returned after all the ‘supposed’ buy-to-covers,” Dusaniwsky said. GameStop remained the most-shorted name in the market as short interest as a percentage of shares available for trading stands at  , S3 said.  Aka. Get fucked.
[UPDATE] Just an 83k loss recovered, and then some some, in 2 months keep scrolling (strat in comments)
Hey fellow autist, check this out.
TLDR; Whales had too much for a century. This may be only chance for little guys to overcome whales.     # Stock Market In Its Default  For the past centuries of stock trading, riches had most power on stocks. The idea that a stock can be traded on an expectation basis is a scam where big whales can bait little fish’s money and start devouring on it. You may disagree with me but first let’s consider an example.   A company makes $100 profit an year. The company IPOs with $1000 market cap. Whales hold 40% of the shares as initial bagholders.    Case 1: nobody wants to trade the stock.    If nobody traded any stock, the stock will sit sideways and no-one will gain or lose money.   rich will not gain nor lose money.    Case 2: the company is popular and people look to buy at IPO.   Obviously in this case, stock prices will increase with little guy’s $110, $120 bid until riches start selling their stock at $200. If the stock gets sold back to $100, all of the little guys lost money while whales gained profit even when the stock price(our baseline case) has remained the same.    Case 3: the company is performing poorly, and less people want the stock.   In this case, rich people will sell for $100, $90, $80... and only little guys will buy in the stocks with decreasing stock price. The rich people who initially bought the stock in at $50 or less has still come out of profit while little guys lose money due to the decreasing stock prices.   See how whales as initial bagholders always win money!  Wait, this is too much math! I don’t get it!   Don’t worry. I’ll give a simple summary. Whales can initially invest in a company for a way lower price than us. Once the company IPOs they build up their wealth over little guy’s money flooding into the stock. Notice that stock market is ultimately a zero sum game, and odds are in favor of whales who had early invested in the company.   Some may argue the above is false given that more people tend to hold the stock over time with an expectation. Now, here is what is interesting.    Let's consider a company which doesn't hold any debt or any liquidity. The company is 50% owned by whales. The company IPOs at $100 a share (at 20 PE).   Notice that company holds no money nor debt. In reality, the company should be valued at 0. But whales who are the initial bagholders of this game can sell their 50% ownership at $100 a share due to the "expectation". This is the magic of turning $0 worth company into $100 a share company.   But what if the company will worth more in 10 years? Then, whales who held onto the stock will be able to sell the stocks at 20PE after 10 years (whether it be $1000 or $10000).  Do you see the game here? The initial bagholders always come out of profit. They are the BANK of this system and will build up the wealth using the little guys. Moreover, the big guys tend to trade on a premature company information which gives them an advantage of early moves.  But, is this bad? NO. It's not a bad thing. It's just how market is built. Just remember, in an ordinary market, little guys will tend to lose money because the market is ultimately a zero sum. The initial investors will always come out better.   # GME, AMC, etc. Case  Now the story gets even more fascinating. In these stocks cases, whales were not the "initial bagholders". Instead, they held a short selling position of the stocks. Retails came in and bought the stocks, and became the "initial bagholders"  Do you remember from the above that initial bagholders always win? This is the case where initial bagholders were the retails. Whales didn't have time to get in or had the priority of getting the pre-IPO shares. Instead, their shorts will print money into the stocks as the move continues. Due to the short selling restrictions, whales who hugely shorted these stocks "MUST" continue purchasing the stocks, which will increase the stock prices even further.  We can apply this in a macroscopic view. If we think of GME as a market where one can invest and Citadel as a bank, then this is a case where the bank Citadel is always backing the GME market (unlimited QE) as long as preconditions are met. The precondition here is that share price has to be above the short strike price. Then, the market will only keep growing until the bank has no more money to print. Retails who are now the early investors, or "initial bagholders", will be for a first time bagholders of a giantly large market.   # Scenarios    The best case is when retails continue buying/holding onto the stocks until Citadel's unlimited QE finally ends in the market. As long as the preconditions continue to meet, there will be unlimited QE for the GME market.   The worst case is when retails panic sell the stocks and the stocks go to bottom. This will allow Citadel to print money from their shorts, and it means that there is no unlimited QE. Only retails were hurt in the case.   # What I am doing  I am a retail myself and will obviously side with retails. I am also very angry especially at the stinky game going on behind the scenes of these trading platforms, and will not forgive them. I will continue HOLDing with my     until everyone    to 🌜🌜🌜🌜     Disclaimer: None of these are investment advice. Do your own research!
Anytime anyone suggests WSB is the villain in this story, show them this. GME    🪐
Checking in on Mental health
Hey, are you okay?  This past week has been crazy to say the least. I find myself checking Reddit every other minute on one monitor and checking my Positions on the other. I’m still    🏻 my shares because   I LIKE THIS STOCK  . I have alerts set in place for wild price swings to let me know if the squeeze is getting squooze.   With that said, aside from alerts, I’m turning off my brokerage account. I haven’t slept well for days because of the wild swings and turmoil is stressing me out. I’m not going to read yolos and “what’s the move” posts for a week.   They can pry my shares from me at my limit price of 42690, otherwise they can’t have them. I’m checking out of the action next week unless my alerts go off. Make sure to    🏻 your mental health too guys.    Tl;dr  : make sure to check your mental health or something like that. Only     get stressed.   Accidentally put a forbidden word in my last post so I reposted. Sorry!
DFV moving into the wine business
Bought $18k right before close   The Irish autists are with ye
EDIT: DEGIRO is the trading platform. They disallowed Market buy orders for GME and AMC but you can still buy via limit orders. OH AND NO LIMIT ON THE QTY OF SHARES YOU WANT TO BUY
We have a really big problem flying around conserning GME
Alot of people have bought at peaks and prives above 350 euros. I have heard from noumerous people that are in these positions, that they are speculating on selling at 500 then waiting for it to drop to buy on lower amounts so they can put themselves in a better position with more shares when the puts start being covered. I'm here to tell you that's not how it work. Diamond hands means diamond hands, you hold, i know greed is a big factor and you want more money but if we want the price to skyrocket (potentially going up to 10k, very possible based on 2008 shorts squeeze) we have to hold. I bought at 349 and i had my fair share of temptations, but don't give into them, this all rests on our shoulder and we all can make a shit tone of money, we just need to hold with what we have.  Sencerely, A fellow retard  Ps. Btw cancel your 420 limits, 420 is pennies and i'm not taking that, put one down for    OU AND I'M NOT ADVISING ANYTHING, I JUST LIKE THE STOCK, THIS IS NOT A FINANCIAL ADVICE I'M REALLY REALLYY RETARTED.
Guys! The SEC just called us “True Believers”!!!        . We on 🔥🔥🔥
I messed up. I'm sorry guys I'm a disgrace.
Inside the mind of a hedge fund executive...
Imagine you’re a hedge fund CEO or senior executive.    You’ve always had an inflated ego, and going to Wharton for an MBA definitely didn’t help in that regard. You interned at GS for the summer of 2003 and told all your friends about it, probably even brought it up oh so casually on dates. When you were hired as a trader by a moderately good to great fund, you probably lost a good deal of friends from your previous life, because they “just don’t get you now.” You’re in a different league than them, even your classmates that now work at lesser funds. You act friendly, liking Facebook posts, returning their calls, but there’s a nagging feeling that they’re holding you back. That you’ve  made it , and you don’t need some loser that doesn’t even work on the East Coast.    Jump ahead a few years    It’s September 20th, 2008. Bear Stearns closed months earlier, Lehman went bankrupt a few days ago. "Buddies" of yours from both funds have been texting you, some you know from college. Maybe you’ll take pity on them and put in a good word, maybe you’ll tell them nothing’s available right now and that you’re sorry. You don’t tell them you were part of your fund's effort to short sell theirs into oblivion. Maybe you really are sorry though. What you’re more sorry about, however, is that your bonuses are probably going to be shit for a few years. They could even dip into five figures, god forbid. Your thoughts are of course directed to the millions of people losing their jobs across the country by the news, but inevitably your bonus reduction resurfaces as your biggest concern. “It’s not like I can do anything,” you say, after downing some wine. You go to sleep fairly easily, while across the country, innumerable people are forced to contemplate moving.    Let’s jump ahead a few more years    It’s mid-March, 2020. At this point, its become evident that COVID-19 is going to ravage the world, in some capacity (not gonna put politics into this because that’s not the point). As either a CEO or senior executive at a mid-range hedge fund, your thoughts gravitate towards your craft. It’s clear the market is going to tank, so you do what you do best. You short the shit out of several clearly sinking industries (  But you don't stop there. You go on CNBC, Fox Business, maybe even the BBC, and announce doom and gloom. Doing this will get people to dump their stocks, meaning your shorts print even more money. Oh well, if there’s a positive to be gained from this whole thing it’s your fund making good money, right? By late March or early April, your wife convinces you that going with the kids to the  ’s would be the best choice, since the upper east side is getting a little claustrophobic. You’ll need to cancel your two week St. Barts vacation, what a bummer. You rent out a nice beach house in Sag Harbor for 125k a month, managing to beat out the other bidder by upping them by 10k. Once again, millions of people are losing their jobs, and you’re shorting the companies they work for. What else should you do?     Only a few months forward this time    It’s October. Weeks turned into months, and while you’ve started getting back to the city more and more, you’re still staying in Sag. Sometimes you have family friends over for an ostensibly socially distanced wine + cigar. You don’t think much of the events of the summer, aside from that one tweet you had PR send out in July. Your kids might have thoughts, you haven’t asked.     Just a few more months, I promise    It’s January. For really no other reason than the prospect of making more money, you along with a few other funds have decided to open naked shorts on GameStop. While technically not allowed, there are loopholes. Why would the loopholes be there, if not to be exploited, right? Not like you don’t do the same thing with your taxes.    Then, the unthinkable happens    A bunch of retail investors, led by a specific part of Reddit, decide to fuck your position by dramatically raising the share price. Since you firmly believe these people incapable of sticking to such an audacious play, you do nothing. Before long though, you start to become slightly unnerved by how steady the growth of the stock is. It's approaching $100, and you're losing hundreds of thousands to millions every day on short interest. So, you decide to take action. You get on CNBC, and cry about fundamentals. About volatility crushing these people. They don't listen, and keep buying. A week passes with you and your rich friends trying various strategies, none of it working. You're aware of another fund leaning on a popular trading app to force them into not accepting buy orders for GME, amongst others. You're  not above sacrificing pride for money, so you announce your fund has closed its shorts. You're lying, of course. What kind of looks what you get at future parties if you cowed to these people? No, fuck that. You've read all the right books, been to the right schools, made the right friends, networked at the right parties and functions. You will not close, everything in your life has conditioned you not to. In fact, you'll double down. You go on CNBC some more. Artificially lower the stock price by trading between a few other funds. None of it's working, and you're intensely aware of another potential gamma squeeze on Friday. Restrictions on buying help during the day, but after hours, the stock jumps. That momentum carries it into a solid Friday. You won't budge, but at this point you're losing millions of dollars a day.     So, here we are    These people do not care about you. You're the least of their concerns, actually. They care about money and fund image, in that order. We have a real chance to make guys exactly like this hurt where it counts (for them), and I want people to understand that. I'm not saying throw your rent into GME. I'm saying you have the chance to really be a part of something, to screw the people that have been doing the screwing for your whole life. The house has been running a fixed casino, and you have the chance to hit back.     Do not close. We have them, and they know it. We're winning, and if we keep winning they will give in.
StockTwits down! Nobody can handle the excitement!!! To the MOON!
LET US NOT FORGET the battles of these last few days’ events... keep holding the line, fellow retards. The next battle will be ON THE MOON
I never went to school and can't read too good, what does this mean
Could u/DeepFuckinValue personally start the short squeeze?
I don’t know a whole lot I’m just speculating. If on a low volume day, DFV decides to exercise 400 of his 500 35c April calls, could he jumpstart a buying frenzy that leads to the full squeeze?   He has the capital to buy them all up if he wanted to.   At $300 400 contracts would be $12m with a volume of 40,000.   His account has $13m  That has to be capable of doing something right?  I’m not financially advising anything, I’m just trying to learn.
🚨🚨NOK vent thread. NOKle HEADS GET THE HELL IN HERE. WE NEED TO TALK. 🚨🚨
Ok so, first things first you assholes, I am not a bot. I have been in the fucking game for about seven years now.   I don’t typically do posts like this and so this is fucking new to me. Anyways, it seems like a shit ton of you are falling out of favor with NOK. I don’t know what the fuck is wrong with you if you expected to gain a shit ton of money in a day, but what the fuck I have never seen such  🤲🏻 in my fucking life for the past two days.   Are you guys really just going to stand there and let the enemy beat the fuck out of us.   And of course some of you are going to mention the total float as if that fucking matters because the stock is still cheap as fuck (for now lol  ) and because we managed to trade one fucking fifth of all the NOK stocks in circulation. They literally had to stop our asses from buying a couple of times. Just like you autistic retards I have lost thousands of dollars in this shit. My paychecks, birthday money, dividends, money from the sale of blue chips and Ark ETFs, etc.  So where’s the upside? Well let me fucking tell you where the upside is and when you can expect to pull off the biggest fucking heist alongside GME and AMC Wall Street will have ever seen. 🔥 💸  NOK is well known to be the bigger beast when it comes to the BANG stocks (BB, AMC, NOK, GME). It has a fuck load of shares to go around and there’s a lot of paperhanded pussies out there, so I understand why it may be daunting to expect a Juggernaut like NOK to moon anytime soon.   But it doesn’t have to be.   NOK releases its earnings on Thursday and its expected to blow the competition out of the fucking water. I wouldn’t even be surprised at all if it were to get a higher price than ERIC in two weeks (hell, possibly by EOW). NOK even plans to merge with top tier companies in the near future due to their prowess in the 5G tech that they’re developing. The 🏳️‍   have had their big meaty claws ever since its ATH of $62 all those years ago. Do you really expect a change if you don’t fucking BUY and fucking HOLD. No, with a team of fucking retarded  superstars in this sub, NOK is prepping for a fierce comeback in the upcoming weeks. GME is top dog right now, but let’s be honest. GME hype can’t last forever (even tho it can for a long time as long as we remain retarded). However being on team NOK makes me feel like I’m on a loosing, shitty ass baseball team and no one is hitting over .100  What’s the plan, Stan?  The fucking plan is that you don’t buy market price. You look at the ask price and you fucking buy it. This is how we destroy walls. The $5 barrier battle today was hard fought and we fucking lost to the hedge funds. This next week is going to be fucking spectacular 🪄 🤲🏻  and I need to know if my fucking NOKle heads are even in it to win it or just downright frauds.   You say NOK was a plan by the bots? Take a look at fucking BlackBerry. That shit took the same swerves NOK did that it’s pretty much identical. If NOK is a sham, then the idea of the BANG stocks is a sham.   I know for a fucking fact you don’t believe that. I know that there’s dreamers in this sub. I dream just like you. I am trying to build a life just like you guys are. We are in something way bigger than ourselves so if you can for ONCE IN YOUR LIFE consider that maybe that the process is a trustable process then maybe we can win this shit.  If NOK hits $50, I will literally buy new fucking silverware (like expensive handmade shit with sterling silver cutlery) and eat my own shit. I don’t give a fuck whether you’d want to see it or not, because honestly boys I’d eat my shit to go to the moon and I am 200% willing to take one for the team.   This year, BANG is for real.  So hedgefunds, keep your ears out for the NOK NOK sounds on the door. We’re pissed and we’re armed to the teeth.  EDIT: General cheese reporting. Post this shit everywhere. I dont give a fuck. I WILL be producing a flank strategy tomorrow. People have to know goddamn it. Monday/Tuesday will close at $7 just give it time  The bell doesn’t fucking ring until WSB says it fucking rings.                                 🥵🥵  EDIT 2: some of you pussies are asking where you can buy NOK. The easiest way to buy it is with that fucking app all the whores on Tinder beg for food money on: Cashapp. There are literally no fucking limits and if you want an extra 2 fucking shares then use this shit when you sign the fuck up and get $10 extra buckaroos: BKXDNGQ. I also want to make it clear that everyone should share their cash apps so that we can get that $10 extra to put into NOK. I’m only doing this for the small wagecucks so if you have the money to do so, then don’t bother. This is just the only thing on the top of my head that would help out in any way
Broker Comparison: Share Lending
Since many of you are looking at new brokers, it's a good time to see which ones allow you to   opt-out of share lending  . Some brokers (\ cough\  Robhinhood) will happily loan out your shares to people who want to short stocks you own. Did I mention the gobs of money they make doing this?  The following table compares the  fully-owned  share lending programs operated by brokers, if any:     Broker    Fully-Owned Share Lending    :- :-   Ally Invest \#3: Enrolling in Ally's   requires meeting certain requirements and completing an opt-in form. You need to make a call to Ally to unenroll.   Avanza \#2-1: "  of the program.   Comdirect \#5: /u/FpoonSpork reports no fully-owned share lending program   Commsec No info   Degiro \#1: Share are lent if you have a "basic account" plan. You can avoid this by using a "custody account" instead. The account type cannot be converted, so you need to create a new custody account and then transfer funds over.   eToro \#2-1: Share lending appears to be the default. You can file a support request to opt-out. You need to be firm with them about it, as they will try to convince you not to disable it (it's a big money maker for brokers)   eTrade \#3: eTrade's   requires opting-in before eTrade will lend your shares.   Fidelity \#4: Fidelity will loan out your securities if you have a margin account, regardless if they are fully-owned or not,  unless  you qualify for Fidelity's   which appears to allow you to opt-out. However you need an account value >= 250k   Hargreaves Lansdown \#5:   reports no fully-owned share lending program   Interactive Brokers \#3: IB's  . Default opt-in when you signup with them with a margin account.   M1 Finance \#2-2: M1  . No info yet on whether this can be disabled.   Merrill Lynch \#3: Merrill appears to offer a   No info yet on their opt-in / opt-out policies.   Nordnet \#3: Nordnet offers a   which is only enabled when you opt-in   OnVista No info   Qtrade No info   Questrade \#2-2: A canadian user reported that Questrade loans out their shares regardless of account type, with no way to opt-out. This may or may not be different for Questrade users in other countries.   RBC Direct No info   Revolut \#5:   reports that this broker does not lend shares.   Robinhood \#1: The   says it makes money by loaning your "margin securities". Switching to a Cash account should prevent this.   Saxo \#5:   reports no fully-owned share lending program   Schwab \#3:  . Some users reported they were opted-in by default, but you should be able to opt-out if desired.   SoFi Your Active Invest accounts may be involved in securities lending. If you didn't buy the shares on margin, call SoFi at 855-525-7634 and ask to opt-out of securities lending for your fully-owned shares.   Stash \#3: Stash offers a   which you can opt-in or opt-out of as desired   TD Ameritrade \#5: No fully-owned share lending program   Tiger Brokers No info   Trading 212 \#1:   reports that share lending opt-out is not possible for Invest accounts, but is supported for ISA accounts.   Vanguard \#5: No fully-owned share lending program   Wealth Simple \#5: No fully-owned share lending program   Webull \#2-1: Webull loans out your shares. You can opt-out on the Webull app under Settings --> Account & Security --> Brokerage Account --> More --> Stock Lending Income Program --> Exit     Reasons you might want to disable your share lending settings include:    1. You don't want to lend your shares to people trying to short your stocks 2. You think the person/entity loaning your stock may not return them 3. You're not being compensated well enough for putting your securities at risk  These programs are complex and highly variable depending on your broker. Without getting into all the details now just now, you should be aware of the most common types of lending:    Brokers reserve the right to lend out securities bought on margin (in other words, with borrowed money from your broker).   To avoid this type of lending, don't buy stocks on margin.   As far as I know, this is the case for all brokers that offer margin accounts. (However if you have explicit confirmation to the contrary from your broker, feel free to provide it here!)   Most brokers can ALSO lend out your fully-owned shares. Brokers will do one of the following:  1. Lend out   fully-owned   shares purely based on the   type of account   you have ( , Margin account type). The only solution in this case is switching account types. Example: Degiro 2. Lend out   fully-owned   shares   regardless of account type   (even Cash accounts).    1. Some brokers   allow you to opt-out  . Example: Webull    2. Some brokers   do not allow you to opt-out  . Your only recourse to avoid lending is switching brokers. Example: M1 finance 3. Lend out   fully-owned   shares in a Margin account, and giving you a   portion of the profits  . 4. Some combination of the above, with option #3 becoming available at a certain account NAV. Example: Fidelity 5. None of the above (  no lending - less common) Example: Vanguard  This table has been compiled with the inputs of various WSBers to help inform you about each broker's share lending policies. Please comment on this post if you have any updates or corrections. Please also include your source (either a URL or exact words that someone from support told you about that broker's lending programs).
Did my part at close today
Interactive Brokers lifts all options trading restrictions!
You have all felt it now. That rush that thrill that is wallstreetbets. Either buying your first call or throwing all your money into GME. You are hooked and you are welcomed
I have lost probably about 11k off of options alone this year. I’m a 24 year old who joined this sub last year and my original net worth was about 25k and I’m at like 3k because of job layoffs and gambling on stock options. I am by no means an expert but within this year I will tell you I’ve been up 30-50k and then had it whipped away. This way of gambling to me is one of the few ways out of this crazy society we deem normal and okay. I will either die poor trying or die a legend like deepvalue. The biggest lesson is hold your positions the moment you get scared and sell an option or a stock I promise you it’s like magic it goes up and that pain hurts like no other. The longer you hold the more chances you have at recovering. I can go legit broke and I will still work for more to keep gambling and win. This is what wallstreetbets is. Let’s continue to yolo and eventually come out on top. Just sharing a bit about me and my experience with wallstreetbets.  Edit:   Some are missing the point. Wallstreetbets is gambling.  It’s not a get rich quick scheme, it’s not a wake up call to learn stocks, it’s a damn casino on this sub. That’s fine and that’s how I like it. I am actually stupid do you not see how much money I’ve lost? Yet I’m still Playing? Because I’m an addict as well as determined to find a way to win this game because to me I have nothing to lose I’ve come out of bad situations in my life all the time. Not getting personal but yeah thanks for listening.
Transfer your shares in kind if you're leaving Robinhood
For anyone that will use the downtime this weekend to open a new brokerage account please make sure you transfer your shares in kind using ACAT (instead of selling and moving the cash). I know it's obvious to many but want to make sure everyone knows they can:     1. Avoid increasing the float (even if temporary while the cash moves to your new broker) 2. Avoid the taxable event! We all want long term gains next year when we're still holding, so don't get hit with short term capital gains now  Have a great weekend all
GME TAKE MY ENERGY!!! GET SHORTY
We Band of Brothers
"Go by, from this day until the end of this world,      We in it shall be remembered.      We lucky few. We band of brothers.      For he who today sheds his blood with me shall be my brother."    Monday and Tuesday we stormed the beaches of Normandy. They never thought we'd make it that far.  Wednesday and Thursday we liberated France. Today was Market Garden and we, with public opinion on our side, actively took it to the enemy.  But now? The Battle of the Bulge. Settle in. It's going to be long, cold, mortars are going to be dropping. These fucks don't care about laws or regulations. They're a cornered animal fighting for their lives, and will do anything to survive. Don't give in. Don't give up. We WILL storm the Eagle's Nest.  It's been an honor to fight alongside you retards this week.
GME CALL HOLDERS: HOW TO PROTECT YOURSELD FROM AN AH SHORT ATTACK FROM GAY BEARS
🚨🚨 Rally to me GME call holders to protect yourself from AH short attack!🚨🚨  (this is a repost, you all need to see this)   ————————————————————————— quicker TL;DR - u/tretrue3  You = monke    AMC, GME, NOK, BB = Banana    monke hold banana. —————————————————————————     TL;DR    &gt;They could potentially to short attack to lower the prices enough that brokers margin call the owners of ITM calls on Monday. You can short the float for 100 shares, essentially making yourself delta neutral to protect yourself, then you get rid of them both on open with full gains.    Price is down $20 AH so be prepared for the morning dip. More scare tactics.  So, if institutional investors want to punish the retail investors they need to do it in a way that the retail investors have trouble countering.  In most cases, they would try to get the strike to where a majority of the open options positions would expire just under the strike with the most interest to keep people from having them executed and making money (in this case, the target would be &lt;$320)  But my theory is, since there is a huge short interest, it's better for the big players to let GME finish above 320 which causes the largest open interest (300, 320) to all get auto-exercised.  Most retail traders don't know how to prevent the auto-exercise, so this causes a bunch of people to buy the stock at 300 and 320 (and various other strikes, under the 325 closing price)  Then they short the price down hard and buy to cover at the lower price in after-hours market, which has much less exposure to the retail investors. Right now the price is down to ~300.  This allows them to gain a profit of ~$20 right now on the execution of those 320s and potentially more, if the price continues to drop.  If the price actually tanks well below 300, this will additionally trigger margin calls Monday morning on the people assigned the shares at 320 and generate maximum profit for the short sellers.  It's too early to determine if this will happen since it would require a hell of a sell-off, but there is clearly an absolute ton of pressure to lower the price after hours to punish those who were holding 300 and 320 calls.  To give a more concrete example of how to manipulate the price:  HF buys GME when it dipped under $150.  HF sells GME 320 calls after it goes back up, for $$$$  Market pins GME at 325 at expiry, forcing auto assignment of 320s  Instead of allowing the cheap GME to be called away, they force the price down after hours.  They buy shares to cover their short calls at a discount, since they will get $320 for them.  Price was bouncing pretty hard between 300-320, but creeping back over 320 now. Should be quite interesting to see if it holds.    u/snickysnacks get in here so they don't think I wrote this.
retarded 18 year old checking in with GME update. it’s been a wild week but still holding strong. waiting for rendezvous on Titan!
Gen X is here with stock and buying power. This is from my post a few days ago
Listens you young retards and    .  From u/deepfuckingvalue original thesis, $gme is a good growth stock with a potential for a squeeze. I finally believed in December when I bought 2,000 shares.  I will do anything possible to buy something I want now without going to a big box store. Mainly because I hate everything about  , infant and toddler kids, walking a mile through the store, waiting 20 minutes to checkout, the shakedown at the door and the fucking disaster of the giant parking lots...  When my kids want a game, or for me, we go on   web, find where the game is available and go get it. There aren't any in the dead boomer malls close by, Game Stops are all in anchor strip malls. They are where your local grocery store is. In and out of the store in a few minutes unless we browse. There are no hard pressure sales, but you guys know that. We also now own the game and they can take it to their mom's, grandparent's, where ever without moving the console. I easily spend $600 a year there.    Point is, I'll be utilizing this business model as long as it's available and I'm sure there are many other GenX parents that will do as well.     GME         Edit: GME 2,000 shares bought in mid December      Game Stop will be the central place for gaming in a year. Buy and hold.  Downloading games is a cool idea but my ISP starts charging more after around 10gb. Why? I'd still rather own a game that I can buy at $gme instead of paying more to download a game I never really own.
~100% GME shares held by institutions. Still over 100% of the float is short. WE'RE THE CAPTAIN NOW
So I was doing some perusing and wondered, "How much of GME float do institutions own?" According to several sources its around 100%. Yahoo finance has it at 122%. Finviz has it at 95%. And Nasdaq has it at 110%.  (   (   (   Now I know what your smooth brain is telling you. "How can it be over 100%?". Well it can be for two main reasons. The first is differences in when companies report their holdings to the SEC, not everyone reports on the same day. The other reason is due to short selling. If institution A has their shares shorted to institution B, then both technically own stock in the company but its being counted twice when reported to the SEC.   The other question on everyone's mind is, "How much of the float is still short?". According S3 Partners market data, after the close today we're still at 113%!!!  (   So how does this all unfold? We've got an army of retards who won't sell for less than $69, , what seems like almost 100% of the float owned by big institutions that can't sell their position all at once  (it's possible they've started selling some of their shares), and still over 100% of the float is short. I really have no idea but it seems like at this point no one who owns a share should have to sell at a loss.    TL;DR: over 100% of GME float is held by institutions or retards who aren't gonna sell and there is still over 100% of the float being shorted. Flow just handed us the fucking Name Your Price Tool     DISCLAIMER: I have not given any financial advice and therefore fuck off
It’s treason then
Fuck Robinhood!
NEWS: InvestorPlace: Robinhood Stock Ban Expanded: What 50 Stocks Are on Restricted List?.       Take your business elsewhere:  # Transferring from RH to Fidelity  This process is actually very simple.  1. Log on to your Fidelity trading account on a browser. 2. In a different tab, log on to your RH account. Go to your info, and copy your RHS account number. Focus back on the Fidelity tab after copying this number. 3. In the top right of the Fidelity home page, type "transfer asset". Click on the link, and you should be in the Transfer of Assets (TOA) page. 4. Click on "Start a transfer" 5. In the "Select your current firm" field, type "Robinhood". It should show up as "Robinhood Securities Llc.". Select that to go to the next step. 6. In the next screen, paste the previously copied RH account number, and select "individual" in the account type. 7. In the next screen, you can select a specific equity or the whole account. 8. Wait 2-3 days for your RH account to show nothing, and a day or two after that for everything to pop up on Fidelity. 9. Now, you may shut down the RH account. Make sure you download ALL transactions before you close out the account. Who knows whether RH will even exist by the time it's the next tax filing season.  This is not financial advice, obviously; I am not a financial advisor...   HOLD!!!
The Onion: Redditors’ Class-Action Lawsuit Alleges Robinhood On Some Bitch Shit
Would GameStop be considered the most in demand stock right now?
I mean like there is not even enough sellers to link the buyer with a seller. Seems to me that means the price should go up. From a risk perspective there is no risk of dumping and major upside once the large institutions (I say institutions because I believe the banks/insurance outfits/countries? and whoever they are connected to will be on the hook for this as well) give in.   This is really interesting to me I have no idea how it is going to play out.  I guess someone on the tippy top would have to like step in and put a stop to it and probably go to prison or something. I don’t think there is any financial institution large enough though because the entire world with access to the stock is hopping in. Like could China and America and other countries link up and bail this out? I don’t think America would be able to do it on their own.
Robinhood restricts AMD stock purchases to one share
TODAY: Wealth Simple limited their 'LIMIT SELL' feature to 30% above their 'Delayed Quote Price' (15 minutes). I am in Canada, this is a Canadian Brokerage - UK can weigh in.
I was to be driving through the mountains with no cell service today, during market hours.  For this reason I had pre-emptively placed some limit sell orders.  I placed these at levels of someone who LIKES THIS STOCK would make, these were made in Canada on Wealth Simple.  These were approved and moved to my pending orders, these remained all day.  When the market closed and I arrived home, I cancelled to re asses my plan of attack for Monday.  To my dismay I was given an error, Wealth Simple would not let me place new limit sell orders in the similar ranges.  I immediately reached out to their customer service via email, a pop up alerted me it would be 24 hours to hear back, I heard back within an hour.  Here is a clip of what a polite customer service rep gave responded with:  'There is a maximum on how far you can set your limit price as the US executing brokerages will reject any orders too far away from the real price of the US stock or ETF.  Limit orders will be required to have a limit price within 30% of the delayed quoted price to reduce the risk of the orders being rejected by executing brokers.'  SO Wealth Simple - in this time of massive swings, wants us to set limit orders at 30% on their 15 minute lagged price!  Pretty much ensuring I DO not get what I aim to, not only that.. but they currently have a warning about using the MARKET SELL feature for this specific ticker.. however when a stock is moving up so quick, how can you set a limit price of 30%?!  Terrible time to do this, not only that, when I reached out further, they gave me a 'Due to COVID we may not respond for up to 3 days... I bet they are being inundated with frustrated traders..  Good luck trading with a 15 minute lag.. this makes things more difficult (Delayed Quote Price)  Needed to expose this, hoping they will revert or improve the percentage or the limit sell feature is useless in the play I had anticipated.  \-If mods need to see screenshots or emails I have everything, also please weigh in if this is happening to you!  Brokerages playing dirty should be exposed in this time.     EDIT: THIS IS GME OBVIOUSLY TO THE FUCKING MOON.     EDIT AGAIN: If you value your users, do not pull this shit in times like these!  I will be transferring OUT OF Wealth Simple and will express my feelings on a REVIEW.  I would encourage anyone who has been similarly effected to do the same (after you sell GME), as it may make the difference.    IT'S NOT TOO LATE - CHANGE BACK THIS WEEKEND AND I WILL FORGIVE YOU!     EDIT :  HOLY CRAP - FAITH RESTORED!  THEY HAVE SEEN THE ERROR OF THEIR WAYS - THIS HAS BEEN CHANGED BACK TO ORIGINAL SETTINGS.     I WILL KEEP MY WEALTH SIMPLE.
Holy shit I spent all day making this and it sucks but it’s for the lulz because I love rocket ships to the moon.
What will happen with an influx of 10+ million users flocked other brokerages over the next two weeks or so?
Robin Hood has 13 million users... Clearly it won't have 13 million for long, so we are going to have 5-10 million people flocking to other brokerages.   Someone way smarter than me, feel free to offer your insight, but it seems to me like the brokeragws that get flocked to are going to have the same "concerns" Robin Hood had about protecting the little guy and preventing volatility (which is all just lies for actually wanting to protect big money market makers) and start doling out restrictions the same way Robin Hood is.   Cuz I mean that amount of people influx is going to have an effect on these firms risk management... I feel like they are going to slowly make restrictions on retail investing industry-wide.   Anyone with some thoughts to make me feel better?   Seriously, tell me I'm crazy and that it's never going to happen like this, and tell me why       Edit: seriously, somebody make a long, well thought-out response as to why I'm crazy and this is never going to happen.  cuz I absolutely do not want it to happen but it really seems like that's where we're headed and it's terrifying   I mean look at this fucking list      There's over FIFTY stocks on here!!!!!! And fucking Boomer ones to like not just random obscure Reddit meme stocks.   Go run through that whole thing yourself guys oh, we are being locked out of literally anything that has a catalyst of any kind or anything that has above average trading volume.   It's really fucking terrifying there are big ass fucking names on there... Like why the fuck does GM need to be restricted? Sbux?     Again, someone please come in here and tell me "it's just Robinhood, and no other brokerage would ever do this so massively in any event ever, and here is why"   That is what I'm looking for   I know that other brokerages have in some cases been putting restrictions on buying, but it's genuinely been limited to like five or six pure Reddit stocks   But if all of the Robinhood users leave and go to other brokerages, is there a logical cogent argument as to why those other brokerages would never restrict THIS many stocks? And I mean totally unrelated ones....... This is literally retail investors just being blocked from investing there's no other way to put that it's not just fucking troll shit there are again, fucking big ass names on that list  Second edit: I mean that amount of users, 13 mil, even if it's split up into three or four different ways between three or four different brokerages that is going to add a massive amount of risk calculation to every brokerage that just gets fucking in fluxed with straight up millions of people at one time.... You want to talk about volatility?.... I mean again, is there a reason that no one is straight up expecting shit to go fucked up like this?   And that is not rhetorical, someone please give me a reason so I can stop worrying about it
You can’t make this shit up. DD inside
Attack on Wall Street Pt. 2 (Audio and normal speed version in comments)
To all of you brave souls in the 7 Continents
PSA: Moving from Robinhood? Consider avoiding firms that use Apex Clearing Corp.
Brokerages must use a custodian to clear all trades. Many brokerages use Apex Clearing Corp., which informed their clients this week that trades in GME and AMC (among others) would be restricted to closing-only. Brokerages that use Apex were forced to restrict their clients to closing-only, and had no voice in the matter. (Robinhood, TDAmeritrade, and Interactive Brokers do not use Apex Clearing and were dicks just because they're dicks).     Firms that use Apex Clearing Corp., and therefore were forced to restrict the purchase of securities this week (and therefore may be forced to do so again in the future) include:    WeBull   SoFi   Tasty Works   Ally Invest   M1 Finance   Betterment   Firstrade     Some brokerages have their own clearing companies in-house, including Fidelity and ETrade. By the way, Robinhood makes all of its money by selling its order feed to Companies like Citadel (mainly Citadel). Fidelity is one of the  few brokerages out there which doesn't sell its orders to anyone, ever.  Tasty Works has worked well for me, but since they use Apex, they were forced to restrict the purchase of GME this week and I decided to move to a new brokerage. I created an account with both Fidelity and ETrade to give both of them a shot and this was my experience:  Fidelity:   \- I filled out the application, but half way through the process I got a server timeout error (presumably because of lots of people doing the same thing as me). I tried again and it worked fine. I also had a question so I called their customer service number. I was on hold for about 3 minutes, then spoke with a real person who was nice and answered my question.  ETrade:   \- I filled out an application, then got a screen saying that my account creation could not be completed until I called and spoke with a customer service representative. Ok. I called the number on the screen, and waited on hold for 43 minutes (at 8am). I called back later and waited on hold for about an hour and 15 minutes before giving up.     Extra tidbit regarding Apex:  I tried to submit a Wiki entry for Apex Clearing Corp. last year, but was rejected 3 times because I couldn't provide any acceptable sources. Why couldn't I provide sources for the info? Because you won't find shit about them online which wikipedia considers to be a reliable source, other than on their own site (which was why I was trying to create the wiki page in the first place).
I was banned for good reason. I had put my last 4000 Into apple calls and earned enough to pay off all my debit ($6000) but instead I put it into GME because F  k the hedge   love you   won’t sell until $5000 a share but just even looking at this money is life changing
Bank robbery ongoing as the authorities investigate.
That is what it feels like right now.  Robinhood is straight up robbing the bank while the SEC investigates.  I know I know, change brokers.  Not all of us can just swap it out and still be viable.  I have all of my investments there as well as my investment capital.  I have a feeling there are many more people like em in the same boat.  I’m pissed.  The scary part is I don’t think they’re done fucking with the mechanics yet.  So far they stopped selling to us one day, caught heat and switched it up.  Switched it up just enough to dodge the main headline, smart.  I don’t think they know exactly how they’ll do it next, but they’ve gotten away with it this far.  What’s one more charge at this point?  I’ve called all of my representatives, and emailed the White House.  I also filled with the SEC and FINRA.  I’m very anxious about what bullshit they’re gonna pull Monday if something isn’t done.  It suffocating watching it happen and having no recourse.  I’m not advocating for any kind of shenanigans, we may be apes but we’re smarter than that.  Edit:  This person has some compelling evidence in another post here regarding who to blame.  TLDR: Melvin Capital
The Next Wall Street Barrier: The weekend cool down ❄️ #KEEPSQUEEZING AMC GME NOK BB  🌕💰  🏻
It seems as though almost immediately after market close almost all the hype died in social media platforms. At least as compared to the excitement and rage that was still very much present the minute before the market closed. 🧐  Articles have started to trickle down on Reddit and other social media platforms trying to explain how this is a bad idea and justify the actions of Robinhood and other brokerage firms. The apologist is coming out in force trying to put out the flames and cool everyone off because it’s the weekend.   Don’t allow yourselves to be fooled. You are all now an alchemist. You turn shit 💩 stocks into gold 💰. In the following days, the most likely thing that will occur is that these billionaires will go to great lengths to continue to justify their actions and reinforce their legal and financial defenses. They will go out of their way to demoralize investors and try to make paper hands  🏻 out of    🏻 winners.   Don’t be fooled, don’t be detoured, don’t be discouraged. Your greatest assets are your cumulative purchasing power and the rage that drives you to continue holding and purchasing despite all the rationalizing that is going on in an attempt to stifle your capital growth  🌕  Don’t forget your destination. 🌕🪐👩‍   🏻  Not giving advice... just another retard with an opinion
The Short Swing Profit Rule - How GME Can Cash-In via RC Ventures
I see a lot of chatter right now about how GME's current stock price doesn't actually 'help' the company, which is, for the most part, true.   In order for GameStop to actually benefit from this price movement, they would need to tap the capital markets, most likely by doing a stock offering near current prices. To do so, you need to have enough deep-pocketed investors who are willing to purchase at that price, not to mention increasing the float could significantly hurt the ongoing 'short squeeze' psychology. Yes, there are other ways to take advantage of the share price (all-stock acquisitions, etc.), but none of them are as straightforward as getting cash in hand.  However, there is one way for GameStop to use today's prices to benefit the company financially: the Short Swing Profit Rule.  >The short-swing profit rule, also known as the Section 16b rule, is an SEC regulation that prevents insiders in a publicly traded company from reaping short-term profits. >The short-swing profit rule requires company insiders to return to the company any profits made from the purchase and sale of company stock if both transactions occur within a six-month period. >This rule applies to any shareholder, officer, or director who owns more than 10% of a class of the company's equity securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act.  Obviously insider sales are tightly regulated, but  if  Ryan Cohen (aka RC Ventures) were to sell a portion of his 9,001,000 shares currently worth $  (roughly 13% of the company), he would then be required to return those profits directly to the company. This would arguably be the best possible way to capitalize on the situation, providing positive news that in some ways might help substantiate the current valuation (I won't offer my own opinion here).   tl;dr: Ryan Cohen (RC Ventures) can raise money for GME by selling and sacrificing his profits. This cash would help GME on the path to turning around the business, so this may be a win-win situation. The other take away from this is that RC Ventures CANNOT SELL without passing along those profits, so effectively 13% of shares outstanding is completely tied up.  Disclaimer: This is not financial advice. I am not a financial advisor, and everything I am telling you comes from the internet, so please do your own due diligence before making any investment decisions.
Secret footage from hedge fund board rooms across the us.
I have been doing interviews about this whole ordeal after posting my positions and the fact that GME has changed my life. I have been contacted by Huffington post, New York Magazine, Forbes, and a few others....
Here are some text clips from the script that I used for my last interview. Would like to know if you all agree.  Interviewer:  It seems like people have really bought into this cause and are willing to take signficiant losses  why do you think that is  heapsp:  I think you have a combination of rising expenses such as student loans, rent, and stagnant wages causing a whole generation of folks to lose faith that life for them will be the American Dream that everyone talks about. With crippling debt and no way out anytime soon, you have people who want to succeed but feel like they can't. Then they see Wall street folks or CEOs making record profits, they know it is wrong but have no way to fight back. A bunch of people get interested in activism or politics thinking that they can make a change for the better and improve the situation, but the game is still rigged against them. This is an opportunity to fight back. The fact that everyone is worshipping /u/deepfuckingvalue is obvious, because he is also a father of two and took all of his savings and made it. Everyone is just looking for an opportunity to level the playing field.  heapsp  The idea that you can succeed by pulling yourself up by the bootstraps in this day and age is so false. I have a good job and career that I've been working at for 11 years. I work in technology. I still worry every month about buying formula and paying rent in a decent neighborhood so my kids can have a normal life. I have no savings and I don't waste my money. Half of my friends in their 30's either still live with roommates or at home with their parents. I am fortunate to be working with a great company, but I work incredibly hard. 60 hours a week, sometimes nights and weekends. The board of directors is insanely wealthy - I am scraping by. I can't imagine how difficult it is for people who are out of work or are under-employed and trying to make a decent life for themselves. For a lot of us, joining this community and banding together is about a lot more than trying to make a quick buck. We see it as our 'French Revolution' where we can strike back at the greedy and corrupt. Who better than greedy hedge fund managers that have pushed their greediness to the maximum level by shorting businesses into oblivion. The fact that we are in a pandemic and a hedge fund can short a brick and mortar store into the ground with illegal naked short selling and no one is going to do anything about it - well we are doing something about it. If the system won't handle it, the community will.  heapsp  I think you will find that wallstreetbets investments for the most part are really grounded in altruism. Tesla - Making the world not rely on fossil fuel and improving the environment.  Gamestop - punishing a hedge fund that wants to step all over a brick and mortar store during a pandemic. Also notice that you won't see many companies being supported that would have made the community a ton of money - AMZN for instance. For the community investment isn't only about making money - lots of retail investment is done from the heart. In no other community of investors would you see so many people HAPPY for other's success. We treat each other like a band of brothers, not competition. That is why we hold. That is why so much due diligence is shared. Some very smart people share some very insightful information without even investing themselves, if it would help the community succeed.
Bored that market is closed and you can't stare at a line go up all day? Here are a few entertainment suggestions
Films    - The Wolf of Wall Street - Story of a dick stockbroker but you root for him - The Big Short - Multiple dick traders but you root for them - Rogue Trader - A dick derivatives trader who tries to make you root for him, but you still don't as he's still a massive dick - Wall Street - Dick trader does illegal shit until he realises his illegal shit has consequences on people he knows - Margin Call - Analyst finds out his company is fucked and company tries to sell off assets before everyone knows they're fucked. - Trading Places - Commodities broker and a street hustler see a reverse in fortunes. It's a comedy film - American Psycho - Investment banker loves business cards and killing people. Not much finance in this film.    Other films I haven't seen    - Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps - Boiler Room - EDIT: Apparently has a big fan base on WSB - Glengarry Glen Ross - Barbarians at the gate - The Wizard of Lies - As suggested by /u/alaska80  - The Hummingbird Project - As suggested by /u/vydenmyria - The Other Guys - as suggested by /u/abeachlife (Note: same guy that did The Big Short + Vice, only low correlation to financial markets)     TV Shows    - Billions - Legal drama in between a hedge fund boss and a US attorney - Silicon Valley - Comedy about a tech startup in silicon valley - Succession - Follows the life of a family that owns a massive media conglomerate. WSB worthy humour, only low/medium finance talk - Nathan For You - Bonefide genius businessman Nathan Fielder helps struggling businesses by suggesting out of the box ideas - Black Monday - As suggested by /u/goosesmama87  - Industry - As suggested by /u/Velcro-hotdog     Documentaries    - Enron: The Smartest Guy in the Room - The Enron Story - Too Big to Fail - The 2008 Bailout Story - Panic: The Untold Story of the 2008 Financial Crisis - As suggested by /u/alaska80  - Inside Job - As suggested by /u/alaska80  - Becoming Warren Buffet - As suggested by /u/wizardvalle  - The Inventor: Out for blood in silicon valley - As suggested by /u/wizardvalle - The China Hustle - As suggested by /u/wizardvalle  - Silicon Cowboys - Suggested by the same guy above, loves his finance docs - Abacus - Suggested by the same guy above, loves his finance docs - Betting on Zero - Suggested by the same guy above, loves his finance docs - Chasing Madoff - Suggested by the same guy above, loves his finance docs  Please add further suggestions in comments.   And for all you paper handed traders who sold this week and now have their hand on their dick waiting for what to do next, not to worry, WSB will have entertainment for you. The aptly named paper trading competition will get going sooner rather than later, where you'll be able to prove yourself against the best traders WSB has to offer. Just make sure to enroll when the mods open up registration.
GME gang, remember to give back. Tomorrow I'm paying it forward at our local hospital and buying coffee and donuts for our front lines. Those heroes deserve a fucking medal!
Friends, we've done good.  We're writing history, doing incredible things.  Brokers are on their knees.  Short selling hedge funds are over.  We have the ears of papa Elon, AOC, Mark Cuban, Jon Stewart, Shapiro, Ted Cruz, Donald Trump Jr, Rashida, and a slew of others.         While we're still holding, riding this rollercoaster bitch to the fucking moon, please remember to set something aside.  To give back.  To show we're a community of people with heart and soul.  This is an opportunity for us to be better than hedge funds who are fucking the little guy.         This isn't the last thing I'll do, but it's a start.  Once we've landed on Mars, more will be coming.  Tomorrow I'm dropping off $1K at my local hospital to buy coffee and donuts for our front lines.  These guys are heroes.  They're struggling.  Overworked, going through emotions, getting sick, some losing lives to a senseless disease.  Its the least I can do.  Find something you care about and give back.  It'll make this all seem so much more rewarding.         Positions: GME, BB, AMC, NOK and NAKD  WE LOVE THESE STOCKS  🎢   🌛🌛💰💰💰  Edit: I'm not selling.  Cash from under the mattress on this one, buying some good vibes for Monday.  Edit: OMG the fucking awards, I love you guys, a huge inspiration, but seriously please buy GME or spend the money on your favorite charity not me 🙏
Possible theory on how GME could crash the whole market. Please correct any mistakes in my thinking.
I watched the interview with that old guy.   (    He stated they stopped trading because of the possibility a broker wouldn't be able to cover transactions if the loser failed to pay.  Now we all make the assumption that he was talking about retail investors because the media has been blaming us for the last week, but what if he meant they couldn't cover the bets made by hedge funds?   What if the hedge funds sold a shit fuck ton of call options way out of the money to cover their original shorts on gme? At the start of trading that day, gme was just under $500 per share and gaining. If momentum continued and all options ended in the money another gamma squeeze would occur and hedge funds would have to cover all the options plus pay the interest on their short positions at $1000+ per share. In order to come up with that amount of cash I would imagine the hedge funds would have to liquidate other stocks. This would create a massive sell off of stocks which could potentially crash the market.   I was reading that the total capital of the market is in the $10s of trillions but there are $60-70 trillion betting on which way the market moves. If a massive sell off happens, those betting that, stonks only go up, will lose and have to pay the winners. But with all the stocks crashing they can't cover the losses. The whole house of cards comes crashing    Is this possible? I am not in finance nor do I have any idea how all this works.
I want some fat fingered sweaty ass short selling suit to panic cover his short and be the last order he finds.
AMC Short Squeeze Is Absolutely Possible to and Here is Why
I'm not a financial advisor I have positions in AMC and this is not a financial advice.  I see a lot of people shitting on AMC for being framed a "scape-goat" for GME shorts to divert us from GME.  There is no doubt that short squeeze is apparent in GME but let me explain why AMC shorts can also get FUCKED by recent events.     # 1. AMC Has a High Short Interest %    AMC is #2 on the list with a whopping   of float being shorted. and looking at the % held by institutions(   ) and assuming that these institutions are long on the stock, we're looking a short to float percentage of about        Yes it's still lower than GME's 200 something % but 116% is still very, VERY high.  If this is not enough to cause a short squeeze I don't know what will.  # 2. AMC Got 2 Big Unexpected News.  Just like how Ryan Cohen's involvement has started this crazy investing phenomena, AMC has also receive a bunch of unexpected news that caught the ears of boomer investors.  Recently it has received a lot of funding to not go bankrupt and even wiped off their debt by diluting shares. This was a great move as many investors will be looking forward to hop in for brighter prospect of the company. Plus with the vaccines being released AMC will get back on their feet in no time. Also, since they recently raised money by diluting shares and wiping away their debt, there won't be more share dilution in the near future.  Lastly, with the whole GME scandal, it received soooo much coverage on media and the public  which is only going to hurt the shorts.  # 3. New Shorts are In The House  If you look at  .  This means a lot of shorts possibly jumped in due to the recent jump in the stock price. However, what they don't realize is that this is an unprecedented time where millions of retailers are buying the stock to HOLD...because they like the stock. Not to bring down corrupt hedge fund fuckers of course.  # 4. GME Steam Has Cooled Off a Bit  I know I'm gonna get a lot of hate for this last point but, personally, I think GME has potentially gone up to a point where retailers are not hopping in as much because of the high stock price but the ones who already got in are holding/adding to force the shorts to cover. This could explain why it really hasn't moved all that much in the past 2 days(except when it went down to like $132) despite people saying there will be a gamma squeeze today.  AMC is sitting at $  as of now and it is at a relatively more "desirable" price for normal people to hop in. Psychologically it FEELS better to hold 30 stocks than 1 stock.        I'm not suggesting you should sell GME and buy AMC but I can see about 5x return on AMC and about 3x return on GME in the near future. and I like to make more money so my money goes to AMC. I can write about how I got those 3x and 5x but that's for next time.     Upvote so more people can see!     EDIT: I forgot to put these.
Holding GME till the squeeze has squoze. 6421@21
Threw my CPA Designation out the window and doubled down on GameStop      ya  't stop, won't stop...GameStop from going to the moon          (can never have too many rockets) #GammaSqueezeMonday
🚨🚨 Rally to me GME call holders to protect yourself from AH short attack!🚨🚨
TL;DR   >Not investment advice. Market goes up and down, I think GME will go up. But this is to protect the true retards that held FDs through to expiry on a low budget account.  >They could potentially do a short attack to lower the prices enough that brokers margin call the owners of ITM calls on Monday. You can short the float for 100 shares, essentially making yourself delta neutral to protect yourself, then you get rid of them both on open with full gains.  Price is down $20 AH so be prepared for the morning dip. More scare tactics.  So, if institutional investors want to punish the retail investors they need to do it in a way that the retail investors have trouble countering.  In most cases, they would try to get the strike to where a majority of the open options positions would expire just under the strike with the most interest to keep people from having them executed and making money (in this case, the target would be <$320)  But my theory is, since there is a huge short interest, it's better for the big players to let GME finish above 320 which causes the largest open interest (300, 320) to all get auto-exercised.  Most retail traders don't know how to prevent the auto-exercise, so this causes a bunch of people to buy the stock at 300 and 320 (and various other strikes, under the 325 closing price)  Then they short the price down hard and buy to cover at the lower price in after-hours market, which has much less exposure to the retail investors. Right now the price is down to ~300.  This allows them to gain a profit of ~$20 right now on the execution of those 320s and potentially more, if the price continues to drop.  If the price actually tanks well below 300, this will additionally trigger margin calls Monday morning on the people assigned the shares at 320 and generate maximum profit for the short sellers.  It's too early to determine if this will happen since it would require a hell of a sell-off, but there is clearly an absolute ton of pressure to lower the price after hours to punish those who were holding 300 and 320 calls.  To give a more concrete example of how to manipulate the price:  HF buys GME when it dipped under $150.  HF sells GME 320 calls after it goes back up, for $$$$  Market pins GME at 325 at expiry, forcing auto assignment of 320s  Instead of allowing the cheap GME to be called away, they force the price down after hours.  They buy shares to cover their short calls at a discount, since they will get $320 for them.  Price was bouncing pretty hard between 300-320, but creeping back over 320 now. Should be quite interesting to see if it holds.     u/snickysnacks get in here so they don't think I wrote this.    I'm long GME. This is opinion only and not investment. I'm also not responsible for any temporarily capped gains because you don't understand the words delta neutral.
I know what I'm doing with my money. I didn't take from teachers and firefighters... YOU DID CNBC 🤡
HISTORY IN THE MAKING
I've been following DFV's play for a while. I admit, I was a skeptic. Surely what he was predicting was too good to be true.  While I did realize that there was a possibility for his crazy play to succeed, not in a million years did I expect things to unfold like this.  It's absolutely mindboggling to see this quaint subreddit of "retards" be on the front pages of mainstream news sites, be discussed on primetime TV news shows, send ripples through the entire industry, catch the eye of politicians, the White House, the SEC, bring scrutiny to the unethical and dangerous practices by hedge funds, etc.  This is all very surreal. Feels like a parallel universe where our fun crazy little meme world of stonks is colliding with the outside world.  Anyway, this is history in the making, and it's awesome to be a part of it.  EDIT:  Why the hell is it so difficult to have posts go through without being removed?
Guh! Now I can only afford used games at GME.
Let's see what these earnings calls will do to my Nokia calls, but if they expire worthless and still holding the shares. IM NOT FUCKING SELLING!
Historic week guys, let’s keep it going
This speech from Margin Call is as relevant as ever
I wasn't too angry at Robinhood until I realized they were the sole reason why I'm back at square one. 3000$/75% loss. This was my life savings.
A comprehensive guide to some moments in WSB history for the noobs, & a walk down memory lane for the vets. 🥂
What’s up guys? As you all obviously know, this sub has garnered a nuclear amount of attention as of recent, having been flatlined at the million mark & jumping to about 6 million in the past week and a half.   I know that when this insanity simmers down and the market is no longer on “super mega fucking easy just buy and close your eyes” mode, a lot of you noobs will be wiped - either by your lack of motivation to learn about the way the market works outside of GME & AMC, or you’ll literally just lose all of your money. That’s sad, I hate to see it, but that’s the way it is.  But for the noobs that have been inspired by this weeks events & are determined to leave the poor house, or the ones with a new outlet & way to channel your degenerate gambling urges that plan on sticking around a while; here are some moments to brush up on that’ll help you better understand the history of this sub:   Let’s start off with a classic: u/BryGuySaysHi drinks his own piss because SPY closes green. Really makes it clear that some members of this community belong in a mental hospital. Original post -    GUH, the legend of u/ControlTheNarrative: Lost $60,000 of money he essentially didn’t have on AAPL puts within about 10 minutes. Our friend KamikazeCash does a great job dissecting the scenario. -    Trevor Milton, arguably the most hated man in WSB history prior to this weeks events is exposed by Hindenburg research -    One of my personal favorites, u/BearIncarnate loses his life savings betting heavy on SPY puts that would have paid out in the high six figures if he had bought them a week later. -    PRPL guys: Half of the sub gets gaped betting on a mattress company because a random guy said he had a vision from god where it was prophesied that they were the future -    Martin Shkreli, disgraced “pharma bro” hosts AMA in r/wallstreetbets from prison -    Some of the first TSLA DD I remember seeing. Where Elon became papa. The company that showed us there was nothing separating us from becoming millionaires other than timing & patience -    Last but not least, Mr. Diamond Balls himself. Took a rash of shit for two years but he showed us the way -    Im definitely missing a lot, feel free to add any more that you remember. Point is, members old and new, were happy to have ya here. 🙏🏾
Ross Gerber thinks RH might go under. Open new trading account and look to move shares. Don’t worry: your money safe from RH bankruptcy if balance under $500k
I’m not settling for a home run. WE WANT A GRAND SLAM OUT OF THE PARK BABY!
“BREAKING: Robinhood now limiting trading in 50+ stocks, including GM, Beyond Meat, and Starbucks”
which one of you is this on GME
GME this week! Hunker down and keep holding!!!
F in the chat. Never selling covered calls again. (Still profited)
My ask of you: Pay it forward for autism 🧩
## TL;DR with small words:    What I’ve Done  : I’ve donated 10% of my gains from this recent craziness to  . I’ll do this for any other gains I make.    Why I’ve Done It  : My daughter is autistic. She is the light of my life.    What I’m Asking You To Do  :  When  you take your gains off the table,  if  you ever sell,  please  donate 10% of the gains to Autism or another deserving charity. Show your support by commenting 🧩 and if you donate posting a screenshot.    How to make it even better  : Share on twitter, maybe @ papa musk to see if they’ll match donations. Make this a trend,  make a difference . Keep this going, repost and make sure all see it.  These kids need our help.  Take a moment from the frenzy to show your commitment to the world we all want to see.              PS: Mods are     Edit: Formatting  Edit 2: Better Autism foundation.
If you have GME options that are deep ITM, exercise them!
I got the idea from this post:     I just exercised calls for 2/5 and 2/19 that were deep in the money (bought in Dec/Jan).  Since they were so far in the money, the extrinsic value was basically nothing.  I'd rather take shares out of the float before expiration.  This is not financial advice.  I just like the stock and would rather have the shares than options.
I think it will be another scare tactic algorithm in my opinion.    HOLDING UNTIL WE HIT THE MOON
Repost cos bad math. +$12,967 this week not just on GME. (Swipe, there’s more than one picture.)
I put 5k in $GME at $33, could have pulled for $113k but fuck these hedge funds. Sticking it to Wall Street > Gainz
Top 3 Things for the noobs to learn
Almost 5 million in 5 days. Listen up retards, because nobody gets the luxury of an intel brief like this. This isn’t AskReddit. Some people’s kids aren’t going to eat as well because of this movement, some of your kids. A lot of you are brand new to being exposed this way, and being sensationalized into doing it harder and faster than you ever would’ve. The people who control the game are salivating over this. Learn these 3 lessons as fast as possible, I’m not saying they will save you money, but they might save you from being blindsided by reality.    1. WallStreetBets does not care about you. You are nobody. Occasionally a person accomplishes enough to be recognizable, but it’s such a small fraction it’s negligible. You are completely and utterly alone in this game. The times that this subreddit has served as a haven for confirmation bias in times of uncertainty are the times that the most people have walked away with horrible losses.   2. Nobody is a prophet. Nobody here is powerful enough to make plays with 100% certainty. The majority of prophets and astrologists here have ended up major losers and hated by the community.   3. Only putting in what you can afford to lose is a fairy tale, the only ‘unrealized losses’ are the losses you haven’t realized you’re not getting back yet, and there’s no such thing as only playing with house money. Any “unrealized” gains are YOUR dollars, not the house’s anymore. And you could spend years convincing yourself you could afford to lose what you lost. That’s if you don’t pick up an addiction on the way and lose more.   Welcome to the casino. Oh and in a week, it’s back to date and strike. For now-  Good luck. 24@353   holding
🦀🦀🦀 We did it boys ! Gamma Squeeze incoming ! 🦀🦀🦀
Does anyone know if Melvin truly closed its short position on Tuesday morning?
I know that people are mad at Robinhood right now, but I've been thinking about this Melvin thing all week.  Now, before you call me paper-handed, I still have plenty of shares. But the news Wednesday morning that Melvin closed out its position on Tuesday afternoon caused me to sell a couple of deep ITM options that I had. These options have continued to increase in value ever since.  For anyone who needs a reminder:    >"Melvin Capital closed out its short position in   on Tuesday afternoon after taking a huge loss, the hedge fund’s manager told CNBC’s Andrew Ross Sorkin."  7   Code § 9, Sec. 1 says that it is "unlawful for any person... to use or employ... any manipulative or deceptive device or contrivance, in contravention of such rules and regulations as the Commission shall promulgate\[.\]" Sec. 3 says "in addition to the prohibition in paragraph (1), it shall be unlawful for any person, directly or indirectly, to manipulate or attempt to manipulate the price of any swap, or of any commodity in interstate commerce, or for future delivery on or subject to the rules of any registered entity."  I am not a securities lawyer, but it would seem to me that if this was a false statement by Melvin, that it may run afoul of the laws.  Does anyone know if anyone is looking into this? Not giving any legal advice here or tossing any allegations around, but I'd like to be connected with anyone who is looking deeper into this.     edit: title should say Tuesday afternoon
I remember when $19 was the top, and felt retarded. Who’s the retard now? NEVER SOLD NEVER WILL
NEVER SELLING THESIS from new to stocks king Autist
TLTR: I've made a life changing amount of money but I'm not a fucking bitch and selling  I personally hold 37 GME with believe it or not a $  average. I like you all am an autist. I'm very rookie and have just finished my first year trading. I've benefited massively from the spac boom in early 2020 and have been making good progress growing my small pile of tendies to a much larger one.  I basically couldn't help my autism and went in with about 80% of my portfolio in GME with the other 20% in my favourite SPAC.  The money I have made is truly life changing for me  and like many of you I refuse to sell. Family and friends are encouraging me to sell but I refuse and it keeps paying off.  I'm a firm believer that the squeeze has yet to begin and can see us hitting $5,000 next week.  WE WILL WIN AND BEAT WALLSTREET AT THEIR OWN GAME. I do think tho that those fuckers will be sore loseres and take people like me and you down with them somehow.  But all I'm saying is   YOLO, I'M NOT FUCKING SELLING
GME Order Flow Levels
A MESSAGE FOR GME SHORT SELLERS
Good evening you pieces of shit,  Why do you keep doubling down on your short positions? Why are new hedge funds are coming in and scooping up new short positions? What the fuck are you shitstains on society doing? What the fuck is wrong with you? Do you understand who we are?  We don’t fucking play here. We lose money for fucking breakfast. Every day. And then we come back and lose even more fucking money. We buy out of the money weeklies on fucking THURSDAYS. We don’t give a fuck. This is what we do. We do this. We don’t fucking play around. We come here to risk it all. We come here to YOLO our children’s college funds away just to post memes about it.  Your plan was really just to put us in a position where all we have to do is hold SHARES? Say less fam. I haven’t owned a share in four years. I sold AAPL AMD and ENPH calls last week just to buy shares of GameStop and fuck you up as much as possible so we can make memes about it.  Double down, triple down, quadruple down, take every penny of your rich boomer clients money and put it on the table. Sink the entire already artificially propped up economy over it. We know you will. And because we know you will, we are going to make you do it. Just like the coyote blindly chasing the roadrunner off of a fucking cliff. Chop off your whole head to spite your face.   Take all your boomer ass money and put it on the table. We are here for it. My shares are available for $10,000 before 6 pm today. For every hour after that, Im asking another $250. Go fuck yourself.
BIANCO SUMS UP THE STATE OF THINGS DO NOT SELL AND GIVE THEM AN OUT THEY WANT TO PLAY CHICKEN THEY WILL LOSE
GONDOR HAS COME WITH AID
HOLD STRONG! WE WILL PREVAIL!
How are the hedgies actually operating the trades?
I've seen great analysis here. I've read a lot about short ladder attacks and other strategies. I have some questions:  1. What do you think their physical environment is right now? Are there a few people determining and executing these trades a fancy computer or is there a team of people with a massive screen and data like a NASA control room executing on their deviousness?  2. How do they technically execute the ladder attack? Commenters say they are selling between hedge funds, but how can they sell directly to a specific buyer?   Just want to know who we're working against.
Robinhood sold my options contracts without my permission way below market value
RH sold my 310/320 call spreads today at roughly 2:30 pm for 15 bucks each (two total).   This was done without my permission when I already had a limit order set. The market value of the contracts, including both the bid and ask, were nowhere hear 15 bucks. A friend sold his an hour before me for $700 and they ended the day costing over $500.   People keep telling me this was due to assignment risk or pin risk. My understanding is that neither of these apply to me. And if they did RH cannot just sell my contracts for any value that they choose.   I've emailed robinhood, other than that what can I do?  Edit:
What in the world is Wallstreetbets?
Over the past few days, this subreddit has seen an absolutely insane amount of growth. In the past week, subscribers have quadrupled, pageviews have surpassed 1 BILLION, and the potential financial gains are unlimited!  We wanted to take a moment and teach all the newcomers what wallstreetbets is all about.  Wallstreetbets is a place of high risk, high reward, trades. Some are well thought out... but not usually.  #  We've got  !    There was the guy who  .  #  We've got  !    Like resident GameStop multimillionaires u/deepfuckingvalue, we had the guy  .  #  We've got general craziness!    Like when  .       So if you have an insane trade idea,   post it here  ! We look forward to roasting you like we did u/deepfuckingvalue when he posted about GameStop in 2019. He's worth 8 (9?) figures now, so who knows, maybe you'll be next?  What you won't find here are political discussions, self-promotion, and other nastiness is not related to our single and most important goal: making money.   For those new to the subreddit, you'll notice that we use  . Rest assured, we mean you no harm. It might take a while to get used to how we talk, but you'll quickly find that this subreddit is surprisingly kind.  #  And we've got you!    The community here is incredible. Each and every one of you make this place great and better than it was the day before.   For those who have been around for a while, please reach out and help the newcomers. For those who are new, please don't hesitate to ask questions and get involved.   From the bottom of my heart, thank you for being here.        #EDIT: BASED ADMINS MADE US A    Get it here:
"Guys, I've got an idea! We just stop them from buying. It's risk free. It literally cannot go tits up!”
Class Action Lawsuit Filed
The first of many I supposed   Levi & Korsinsky, LLP, a national securities law firm that has recovered hundreds of millions of dollars for investors, announces that it has commenced an investigation of Robinhood, Interactive Brokers, and other popular retail trading platforms on behalf of investors of GameStop Corp. (NYSE: GME) who were harmed as a result of trading bans or forced liquidations involving GME shares.   To learn more about this investigation and your rights if you believe you have suffered losses, go to:
Been in this bitch since $17, started with 2k and traded swings all the way up so i could maximize my shares. If I’m still in and can stomach 100k+ swings and not sell then SO CAN YOU   🏼
If GME gets squeezed on Monday or Tuesday and causes their $500+ calls to go itm, won’t that force another compounding stream?
This is for entertainment purposes only and is not financial advice!!!            Crazy question: so if people who have held long positions in GME hold the past a gamma squeeze on Monday or Tuesday and it somehow pushed past the $500-580 calls, won’t that force another squeeze?         And if people with enough shares and money to buy covering puts buy puts to cover(because if you had a huge run up why wouldn’t you want to protect against volatility? Wouldn’t that force hedge funds to short sell to cover their put positions or sell empty puts meaning there is only one direction for everything to go?        Ie       If someone has 200 GME stock they bought at $17 and they have the $1200 to buy the $580p assuming it goes otm with an expiration around June, wouldn’t that force people to cover their short position and increase short interest?        This is for entertainment purposes only and is not financial advice.
Can someone confirm the Charles and TD Ameritrade did not stop trading GME
Former SEC Senior Council Member
The tone of the former SEC senior council member Jacob Frenkel seems to be against us and said that the current SEC should’ve halted the trading of GameStop stock all together.  And just like every other big wig that’s been talking shit, a simple google search shows what they have to lose in this.  Jacob Frenkel is now chairman for JP Morgan and a defense lawyer for companies being investigated by the SEC. He went from being the person investigating for the SEC, to protecting companies from the SEC.  SEC documents for Melvin Capital shows that Deutsche Bank Securities Inc, Morgan Stanley & Co LLC, Goldman Sachs & Co, JP Morgan Securities LLC, Goldman Sachs & Co LLC, and National Financial Services LLC are the prime brokers(for retards, prime brokers are the ones who lend money/stock) for Melvin Capital.     Now we don’t know the specifics on who lended the GameStop stock to Melvin Capital for shorting. Could be JP Morgan, could be multiple, could be all of them. What we do know is, JP Morgan stock, as well as Goldman Sachs, and their most profitable ETFS, such as $GVIP, have shown a pretty clear inverse correlation of GME these past weeks. JP Morgan is by far the largest lender overall, not just specifically for GameStop. We also know they went long on GameStop last summer buying up 350,000 shares of GameStop. Did they lend it out to shorters who now have to pay back their broker on it? They have to liquidate their profitable assets to cover GME, but we know Citadel will eventually run out of assets to cover it, leading to JP Morgan taking the hit. Which could be why their stock is inversing GME.  Jamie Dimon, CEO of JP Morgan, has received 5 felonies of white collar crime since 2014. We know he plays dirty with market manipulation. Not only did he not go to prison or get removed from JPM, he received a raise.  JP Morgan Shares of GameStop:     Just recently JP Morgan was fined $35m for market manipulation where they made over $920m in profit. What were they manipulating you ask? Precious metals market, such as silver. What have you seen an influx of on these subreddits magically this week? JP Morgan Silver. Don’t fall for JP Morgan silver, it could be JPM trying to cover their losses.     TLDR; Buy GME, Don’t buy JPM silver or any precious metals, mods should actually ban precious metals, the SEC could be buddy buddy with Wallstreet, HOLD YOUR SHARES.  EDIT: I’d like to make an edit. The new commissioner of the SEC has never been in banking ever. She was first a lawyer and then has worked for the SEC for almost 15 years. Could be a brighter outlook, but you can’t ever be too positive.  EDIT 2: a tard dm’d me and told me this “The new SEC commissioner is Peter Stryoks wife. Im not sure if you know who he is but watch his congressional hearing 2 months ago where he is shammed for lying and being a cheat. Dont expect this new SEC woman to have any regards for any of us.” I take back my first edit.
Actual idiot here. Can anyone, or a group of you explain the most nuclear worst case scenario for me?
It's fun, it's crazy, it's nuts to watch all this stuff in the world of gaming/tech as well as bleeding over to the financial and everything go crazy.  Today, my mothers broker called her after I told her to go bet on GME back at 38$/share. He advised against it but they yeeted some dividends at it, anyway, he keeps asking her to sell or when she's gonna jump ship and she texts and I say... hold strong mamma, we wanna be living that good life.  Now, the reality of it all, we all talking tendies and holding the line, and yes, in reality there will be those of us who do not make it to the end of the golden rainbow.  Can any autist out there describe in an event or few events just how fucking wild things must get for the shorts to actually win?  Besides the tactics they have used this week with the after hours crap, the traditional (television) news, to articles and bombarding this board. What's a realistic... like "Papa Musk just dumped 1 billion into GME shares, it jumps the price and then he dumps it" type scenario. I don't think he or actual billionaires would hop on board but short term gains, is there enough for them to bother with?     Or if /u/deepfuckingvalue just dumps his shares then we jump ship and then I try to go pre-order Elderscrolls VI at GameStop and there is just a pair of shorts hanging on the door that says "Closed" written in sharpie.     Edit: Should clarify.. I mean worst case for all of us.
Can someone explain failure to deliver (FTD) to me. I feel like there’s something sketchy going on.
So here we are. All these options in meme stocks just closed ITM. I’m sure a lot will be exercised. What if the counterparty fails to deliver? That means the clearinghouse is on the hook, right? That’s what clearing is.   So in the case of RH, or anyone really, do you think they’re expecting to have to cover millions of shares when Citadel et al tell them to go fuck off and they’re not delivering shares? That would explain why everyone flipped out yesterday and why the IBKR CEO was talking about covering his own ass.   If that’s the case, what’s the penalty for failure to deliver? Really interesting stuff I just can’t find much and I don’t know all that much about it.  Edit: I have absolutely no issue if I lose every cent in this trade. This is just something that popped out at me after the close. Yesterday’s actions by the brokers/clearing just seem to indicate that they have a very good idea shares aren’t going to be delivered and they’re about to be on the hook.
Whenever this epic saga comes to an end there are still 2 things we must band together to do.
1-   There needs to be a movie made about this story -   It needs to be done the right way. I know nothing about to go about doing it but we should crowdfund some gains together to hire a writer and producers to get shopped around to major production companies  and most importantly  2-   We need to spend some money at GameStop -   All we have heard for the past few weeks/months is how GME is trading above its value. This is said by the same people that repeat ad nauseam that a stock price is not a reflection of what's in done in the past but what it will do in the future. We are in control of what it does in the future. It's been at least 10 years since I've even owned a video game console but that's going to change. I'm going to buy a PS5 and a new TV from them. We owe it to GameStop to kick some of these gains back into their revenues.      Until then.... We like the stock.
Finely-sorted carbon fingers daily update. Coming back after dropping 220k yesterday. TP: Tree(3)! Keep on holding!
Can someone please advise on the below case. Has anybody been in similar situation?
I was trying to get in GME spreads on jan 28th but my order was not getting picked. However they filled in my 570strike price spread which expires next week.  I was okay holding it, as there will be squeeze. Till I learnt they placed restrictions which caused it. Now the problem is because of their actions the parameters have changed and we might not see squeeze over the next week and if that happens my options will expire worthless and I’ll lose 25k.  1. I need legal advise, is there a lawsuit here ? Due to their actions parameters have changed and my holdings are screwed  2. Can I rollover or any other better strategy i should consider?
Retranche Theory and Why it's Better
So we've all seen reports of Melvin covering their shorts [ ]  We've also seend reports of SI being HIGHER than it was previously [ ]  So, what's possibly happened here?  The current suspicion is that Melvin blatantly lied, which could be possible. Here's another theory:  Let's say Melvin did indeed cover, but other market participants who argue GME is not fundamentally sound at this price decided to open their own shorts - this means the possible short squeeze could have reset!  Why is this good? If the short squeeze reset, we basically start all over from new shorts being down 0% now. Meaning that the squeeze point now moves HIGHER than what we previously estimated. With MMs buying due to gamma squeeze, we could see even faster velocity as the new shorts start to cover.    Agree or disagree? (Just my thoughts)
Don't forget us retards. We fell so you can escape with our wives.
MONDAY IS THE BEGINING 🤚BOIS, PREPARE FOR LIFTOFF
Respect to the Autists on this channel
CIBC claims SEC instructed them to reject limit orders if the price is too high
I wasted 3 hours of my life on hold in order to ask a CIBC Investor's Edge representative why they were rejecting sell-limit orders for AMC and GME with high prices. He said:  "To avoid volatility the regulator and the SEC \[...\] have come up with the rules \[...\] They do not want add to the volatility to whatever is going on. So you can't put a limit order which is way beyond the current price \[...\]" I asked for a copy of said regulation in writing and he refused to send it to me.  When I asked what "way beyond the current price" meant he said: "twice the \[market\] price".  When I asked what trades were being restricted he said only "only the reddit stocks" and "only sells are restricted."  Is anyone aware of any SEC directive? Is it time to take legal action against CIBC?  I recorded the call. If you guys call brokerage firms, make sure to do the same.
Are you a Robinhood employee and looking for QUICK TENDIES? Get $  million on average as whistleblower!
Edit: You're god damn right autists we won't let the stock market get Ajit Pai'ed!  'The SEC has awarded more than $738 million to 134 individuals since issuing its first award in 2012.  All payments are made out of an investor protection fund established by Congress that is financed entirely through monetary sanctions paid to the SEC by securities law violators.  No money has been taken or withheld from harmed investors to pay whistleblower awards. Whistleblowers may be eligible for an award when they voluntarily provide the SEC with original, timely, and credible information that leads to a successful enforcement action. Whistleblower awards can range from 10 to 30 percent of the money collected when the monetary sanctions exceed $1 million.'  See   for more information
Any lawsuit for Canada?
Is there currently a lawsuit going on for Canadians? Even though we do not have robinhood, we still have brokers such as TD controlling/telling us how much we are allowed to buy. Therefor limiting the market growth and causing sell offs.  This is not just an issue in the United States, but for every country that has access to trade in the NYSE or any other market that these companies are listed.   I hope that we can see action taken outside of the United States as well as market manipulation effects everybody involved.  EDIT: Although restrictions in Canada may not be as severe as the United States, the market manipulation effects everybody equally. If we were negatively effected by market manipulation, I believe that we should have a case.
We will put apes on Pluto
You should know: there's other stock broker apps than Robinhood
I know a lot of people here already know this,  but WSB has grown massively, thanks to the media trying to nuke it,  so I feel there's probably a lot of people here to learn.   So,  the first thing you need to know before you get started trading/investing is that not only are there other trading apps out there,  but robinhood is genuinely the worst. I'm not just saying this because of what's going on with them these past couple days,  robinhood just sucks.   Robinhood doesn't let you trade OTC stocks (penny stocks)  Robinhood has shitty hours.   Robinhood has had server problems at the worst times they could have them.   Robinhood is pulling this shit with limiting stocks, and mommying it's users.  Robinhood customer service is terrible.   You can ask for opinions on other apps here,  most people use either TD Ameritrade, Webul,  Fidelity, or Schwab, and honestly none of them check all the boxes I'd like.... but one thing everyone agrees on is that Robinhood is legitimately the worst of all of them.  Robinhood looks nice,  but the others are just as easy to use.   If you're looking for a broker,  don't use Robinhood. If you're currently using Robinhood,  you should start the switch to another broker immediately,  right now.   It's really easy to leave robinhood and transfer your money to another broker. It takes minutes on your end,  then they handle the rest. Answer a couple questions,  hit send,  and the two brokers handle the rest.   Godspeed  Edit:   You can transfer as much or as little out of robinhood as you want. You don't have to close robinhood out to start somewhere else.   So,  for example,  if you wanted leave Robinhood, but you don't want to sell certain stocks you own yet,  but you want to transfer any cash you have in it, you can do that.  ___  Edited again to add Schwab
NOT SELLING BEFORE THIS IS 1 MILLION
I rather go back to 0 than selling to early
We are the pirates of Wallstreet!
DON’T MIND IF I DO!
SLV YOLO
RH is limiting these stocks by the way
SEC vows to punish ‘abusive activity’ amid GameStop, Robinhood drama.
The oldest hustle on Wall Street is NOT buy low and sell high. It’s Sell high and buy it back when the company is broke. Which is easy as you collapse the stock. Where was SEC when shareholders were crushed by short sellers by hedge funds. Let them all go bust.
DELETE THE APP
I'm doing my part.
Is this true? Will the gates of hell unleash on the big guys
I was told 420 and 570 were magic numbers..
How Retail Traders (You) Were Forced to Bail Out Melvin Capital Shorts
\# RobinHood Scandal: The Truth     \# Don't want to read?     \- \[   \- This is the 17 minute long YouTube video along with interview with Webull CEO Anthony Denier who provided supporting evidence to everything I claimed.                                 \> TL;DR → Melvin Capital fucked up so bad that they were about to destroy the entire market through counter party risk leading to a massive liquidity crisis. Since Melvin and other hedge funds were too big to fail, to prevent a complete market collapse, DTC had to screw the clearing firms (who then had to screw brokers who then had to screw retail) by raising settlement collateral from 3% to 100%. This led to a tricke down effect which shutdown $GME trading (and a few others) and then drove prices low enough that Melvin Capital wouldn't collapse and take the entire securities market with it.     Basically, Melvin Capital over-leveraged and was about to destroy the entire market. DTC couldn't let that happen. Thus, DTC forced retail traders to bail out Melvin Capital through a series of trickle down events that started with                                                                     DTC raising settlement collateral on $GME from 3% to 100%.     In short, Melvin fucked up big so DTC forced you to bail them out.     \# 1. Background Information     \### How trading works behind the scenes     1. DTC (Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation)  \- Monopoly that helps settle funds from trading  \- Traditionally funds take two days to settle  \- Purpose → Provide liquidity in the meantime  \- Makes sure sellers get their money when they sell  \- BUT usually requires 1-3% collateral just in case  2. Clearing Firms (APEX Clearing)  \- Intermediatery between DTCC and Brokers to clear trades  \- Pays collateral to DTCC until trade settles  3. Brokers (Robinhood, WeBull)  \- Facilitate securities exchange between traders  4. Traders     \# 2. Why Was $GME Trading Halted?     \### DTC without warning raised collateral from 3% to 100%     \### What stocks were affected?     \- $GME, $AMC, $KOSS     \### What is the impact?     \- Clearing Firms now have to hand over \ \ 100% cash collateral\ \  to DTC for \ \ every single trade\ \   \- AND hundreds billions of dollars are traded constantly, how can Clearing Firms handle 100%?  \- ANSWER: Clearing firms obviously CANNOT provide the required collateral  \- RESULT: Clearing firms called up the brokerages and told them to shutdown trading  \- Ex. Robinhood shutdown all selling of $GME and other volatile securities  \- Did DTC know this was going to happen? Hell yeah. They did it on purpose.     \# 3. Why DTC Suddenly Required 100% Collateral     \### The entire securities market was about to collapse.  You heard that right.     \### What how?     \- If $GME prices kept going up, Melvin Capital would be unable to pay and cover their shorts  \- Then it would trickle down to the Clearing Firms who would be on the hook  \- But we are talking about BILLIONS of dollars here  \- So Clearing Firms would be in the water and not have enough  \- Meaning, if you sell a share, you won't receive a penny because NO ONE CAN PAY  \- Result → Counter party risk → Complete market breakdown     \### It gets worse...     \- Clearing Firms being underwater would cause a domino effect to the ENTIRE MARKET  \- Remember, Clearing Firms help clear pretty much every security traded  \- So if Clearing Firms goes under due to $GME...  \- Then not a single security on the marketplace could be cleared  \- \ \ The entire market would collapse\ \      \### Case Study: 2008 Financial Crisis     \- Remember Lehman Brothers? They were also a clearing firm.  \- Lehman was the clearing firm for many other hedge funds  \- When Lehman collapsed, the hedge funds it supported \ \ also became counter party risk\ \   \- Result?  \- \ \ Complete market breakdown\ \   \- Which is why the   Government had to come and \ \ bail them out\ \      \# 4. Who's Responsible / Who to Blame     \### So fuck DTC right? Not really.     \- You have to understand...  \- \ \ DTC only had two choices\ \   1. Leave everything as it is and let the market collapse  2. Screw the $GME holders to protect the rest of the market  \- Can't really blame them...     \### Then who do we blame?     \- \ \ MELVIN CAPITAL and other hedge fund shorts\ \   \- Their greed almost collapsed the   securities exchange market (potentially global as well) because they over-leveraged and shorted 140% of $GME float.  \- They made a horrible call trying to profit off of a struggling business with insane leverage.     \### But who does Wall Street blame?     \- \ \ Wall Street blames Retail Traders and r/WallStreetBets\ \   \- Their reasoning → If everyday folks didn't discover our evil and irresponsible strategies, this never wouldn't have happened.
There will be a lot of FUD in the media this weekend. Checking in to let y’all know I’m still holding
Ex robinhood user's please read this before you fuck up & can't trade.
Retards,  As you are moving from RH to various others brokers, you will have to read these rules otherwise you will fuck your account and you won't be able to trade for a year.  By Default your broker will create'S a cash account for you VS RH had by default a margin Account.     If you have a margin account then please ignore and    to       If you have a cash account you can request for Margin account if you have $$ if not request might be denied.   Examples :      As the term implies, a cash account requires that you pay for all purchases in full by the settlement date. For example, if you bought 1,000 shares of ABC stock on Monday for $10,000, you would need to have $10,000 in cash available in your account to pay for the trade on settlement date. According to industry standards, most securities have a settlement date that occurs on trade date plus 2 business days (T+2). That means that if you buy a stock on a Monday, settlement date would be Wednesday.  If you plan to trade strictly on a cash basis, there are 3 types of potential violations you should aim to avoid:   good faith violations  ,   freeriding  , and   cash liquidations  .  ## Good faith violation    What is it?   A good faith violation occurs when you buy a security and sell it before paying for the initial purchase in full with settled funds. Only cash or the sales proceeds of fully paid for securities qualify as "settled funds."  Liquidating a position before it was ever paid for with settled funds is considered a "good faith violation" because no good faith effort was made to deposit additional cash into the account prior to settlement date. The following examples illustrate how 2 hypothetical traders (Marty and Trudy) might incur good faith violations:    Good faith violation example, Marty:      Cash available to trade = $    On Monday morning, Marty sells XYZ stock and nets $10,000 in cash account proceeds   On Monday afternoon, he buys ABC stock for $10,000  If Marty sells ABC stock prior to Wednesday (the settlement date of the XYZ sale), the transaction would be deemed a good faith violation because ABC stock was sold before the account had sufficient funds to fully pay for the purchase.    Good faith violation example, Trudy:      Cash available to trade = $10,000, all of which is settled   On Monday morning, Trudy buys $10,000 of XYZ stock   On Monday mid-day, she sells XYZ stock for $10,500  At this point, Trudy has not incurred a good faith violation because she had sufficient settled funds to pay for the purchase of XYZ stock at the time of the purchase. However:    Near market close on Monday, Trudy buys $10,500 of ABC stock   On Tuesday afternoon, she sells ABC stock and incurs a good faith violation   This trade is a violation because Trudy sold ABC before Monday's sale of XYZ stock settled and those proceeds became available to pay for the purchase of ABC stock    Consequences:   If you incur 3 good faith violations in a 12-month period in a cash account, your brokerage firm will restrict your account. This means you will only be able to buy securities if you have sufficient settled cash in the account prior to placing a trade. This restriction will be effective for 90 calendar days.  ## Freeriding violation    What is it?   While the term "freeriding" may sound like a pleasant experience, it's anything but. A freeriding violation occurs when you buy securities and then pay for that purchase by using the proceeds from a sale of the same securities. This practice violates Regulation T of the Federal Reserve Board concerning broker-dealer credit to customers. The following examples illustrate how 2 hypothetical traders (Marty and Trudy) might incur freeriding violations.    Freeriding example, Marty:      Marty has $0 cash available to trade   On Monday morning, Marty buys $10,000 of ABC stock   No payment is received from Marty by Wednesday's settlement date   On Thursday, Marty sells ABC stock for $10,500 to cover the cost of his purchase  A freeriding violation occurs because Marty did not pay for the stock in full prior to selling it.    Freeriding example, Trudy:      Trudy has $5,000 cash available to trade   On Monday morning, she buys $10,000 of ABC stock with the intention of sending a $5,000 payment before Wednesday through an electronic funds transfer   On Tuesday, ABC stock rises dramatically in value due to rumors of a takeover   Later in the day on Tuesday, Trudy sells ABC stock for $15,000 and decides it is no longer necessary to send the $5,000 payment  A freeriding violation has occurs because the $10,000 purchase of ABC stock was paid for, in part, with proceeds from the sale of ABC stock.    Consequences:   If you incur 1 freeriding violation in a 12-month period in a cash account, your brokerage firm will restrict your account. This means you will only be able to buy securities if you have sufficient settled cash in the account prior to placing a trade. This restriction will be effective for 90 calendar days.  As these examples illustrate, it's easy to encounter problems if you are an active trader and don't fully understand cash account trading rules. It is important to maintain sufficient settled funds to pay for purchases in full by settlement date to help you avoid cash account restrictions.  ## Cash liquidation violation    What is it?   A cash liquidation violation occurs when you buy securities and cover the cost of that purchase by selling other fully paid securities after the purchase date. This is considered a violation because brokerage industry rules require you to have sufficient settled cash in your account to cover purchases on settlement date. The following example illustrates how Marty, a hypothetical trader, might incur a cash liquidation violation:    Cash liquidation violation example, Marty:      Cash available to trade = $    On Monday, Marty buys $10,000 of ABC stock   On Tuesday, he sells $12,500 of XYZ stock to raise cash to pay for the ABC trade that will settle on Wednesday  A cash liquidation violation will occur. Why? Because when the ABC purchase settles on Wednesday, Marty's cash account will not have sufficient settled cash to pay for the purchase because the sale of the XYZ stock will not settle until Thursday.    Consequences:   If you incur 3 cash liquidation violations in a 12-month period in a cash account, your brokerage firm will restrict your account. This means you will only be able to buy securities if you have sufficient settled cash in the account prior to placing a trade. This restriction will be effective for 90 calendar days.     Source : Fidelity
Hit $3M profit at GME peak and I ain't selling till we hit $10,000+
Hamilton meets GameStop: Our rallying cry - A r/WallStreetBets exclusive. Proudly made by u/ptgauth and I in the last 20 hours or so.
A breakdown of how the short squeeze started and what’s going on with brokerages.
GameStop short float is currently around 250%.   For a second, let’s just imagine there are only 100 shares total of GameStop.  This means that person A owns 100 shares. Person B is a short seller and borrows them, sells them to person C who buys them. At this point the stock is 100% short.  Person C then lends those shares to Person D who is a short seller who then sells them to person E who buys them.  The stock is now 200% short.   Person E lends 50 of them to person F who is a short seller who sells them to person G who buys 50. The stock is now 250% short  So now person A, C, and E all own the same 100. The brokerage sights are limiting buying because they are attempting to unwind that! If everybody right now demanded their shares. The brokerage sites should be on the hook for $  Bil worth of stock that doesn’t exist.  That’s fucked up but here’s where it gets crazy.   There were never any controls on monitoring if somebody’s shares had been sold short twice.   When a short seller sells shares. They are immediately paid. So cash is in their accounts.  When a person buys shares they pay money out and theoretically own shares. But because the short selling wasn’t tracked brokers do not possess the shares they were putting into the market. If everyone were to request their shares they would default on their obligations and fold. Meaning they only have 100 shares and person A, C, and E all have a claim to those shares. Meaning the buyers are left fighting over who has shares. And the short sellers are left holding the cash they collected.   It gets super messy.   If Robinhood were to default. Short sellers win. Then most likely the fed has to come in and save the buyers spending tax dollars. That’s why the fed is getting involved.  By limiting shares and removing the ability to continue to short, they are trying to unwind this mess without it causing a panick.  That is why the broader market is down.   Not because of shorts covering... but because of the potential for brokerages to collapse.   I’m guessing Robinhood, TD, IB, and E-Trade are on the hook for a vast majority of the shares that don’t actually exist but multiple people own.  Imagine if person A says he doesn’t want to lend his shares.  The broker and clearing house has to figure out how to balance person B-G sourcing shares from somewhere else.  If the brokerages don’t go under. Short sellers, the hedge funds, are on the hook.   If they do go under... economic recession.   Retail investors once again left holding the bag.  Institutions don’t use these little guys. They use IB to trade and then they have the physical shares transferred into accounts at 5/3rd. If IB were to go under their fund would be fine. But most brokerage accounts are only insured up to up to $250k.  This is a failure of the system as a whole. This is a problem created by the top .001% and they are trying to call it a Reddit rebellion. Fuck that.   This is totally a short selling fault. I think the outcome of this is that short selling gets banned.  Edit: Changed we to they, our to their. I’m not a hedge fund manager I’m a retail retard like the rest of you who just wanted to spread some information.   Positions: Shares; AMC, GME, CRSR, TSLA. Calls; DKNG, ARKK.
F Robinhood for restricting market access! Everyone should try to sign up for a WeBull account or an alternative this weekend
HOLD GME! Funds stuck in RH? Check out $INO -- MASSIVE BLACKROCK STAKE & Short Interest -- RH BLOCKED WITH NO NEWS???
Blackrock massively increased their stake in $INO -- small cap biotech with covid vaccine shorted by big pharma.  ROBINHOOD BLOCKED THIS STOCK -- WHY?        Blackrock stake:        CEO to speak with DR FAUCI 2/2:        EDIT: EVEN MORE REASONS FROM /u/flewsouth             1 - This was Citron Research’s crown jewel of 2020 as he shorted them into the fucking ground. If you want a second chance at crushing his pride, this is it.  2 - Ranked in top 25 for highest short interest percentile.  3 - The medical device they use to administer their DNA vaccines look like something out of a fucking sci-fi movie.  4 - No cold storage requirements either. Leave that shit on the coffee table for up to a year if you want  5 - Their Senior VP of Research & Development is a total babe  6 -          $GME     $INO        Shout out to /r/Inovio ! Doing great work there              this post is for entertainment purposes I'm a fucking monkey who just found about this computer thing ooo ooo aah aah
ATTENTION: Looking for ALL who suffered a loss via any restricted equity in the last 48 hours as a result of ANY trading platform (details below - this is going to be the one you want to read in)
In  the last 24 hours, there have been 5 class action suits filed against  Robinhood for their actions yesterday.  However, 4 of those 5, the class  lead is a Plaintiff that didn't own shares of the affected stocks and  were people who were forbidden from buying them.  They essentially  boiled down to a person searching for a stock, not being able to find  it, and claiming damages from that.  Only one of the 5 - the one filed  in the 10th Circuit, District of Colorado - is led by a Plaintiff who  was actually IN these equities, sold some shares after the restriction  occurred, and has actual tangible damages as a result of the trading  platforms.  As a result of this and the fact that this is the only one  that is suing more than just Robinhood (it's also going after all the  major trading platforms, Apex and Citadel), it's highly likely that this  particular one is the one all the other class actions are going to get  rolled into, even though the New York one was filed first.  It's also  the only one of the 5 led by a firm that specializes in class action.  I've  been in contact with the lead in this case (I'm backing it, in fact), and the firm is looking for  all other people who have demonstrable losses and damages as a result  of RH, TDA, Schwab et al's actions as they compile their opening salvo.  The  firm representing the action in the 10th Circuit is the Hannon Law  Firm, and the case is being speared by founder Kevin Hannon.     # This is especially important for anyone who was forcibly liquidated from their positions yesterday in the $115 dip.  # Anyone who can get a screen grab, a trade receipt, a chart or anything else  showing a decline in gains, a forced liquidation of their positions, or lost opportunity over the last   days since  this coordinated attack started is encouraged to email him at   and reference "Daniels v. Robinhood et al"     EDIT:  AMERICA ONLY.  Also, please don't Chatbox me.  I'm not the lawyer.  If you can provide proof of you being inhibited from performing a trade, being stopped out of a position, having your options fucked over because of their manipulation, or selling for less money than you could have sold for before they restricted the stocks in question, then follow the instructions above.  Don't make me remember no good deed goes unpunished.
They saved 6 BILLION DOLLARS by halting buys and coordinating a short ladder yesterday. Do not forget this. A slap on the wrist later probably will not nearly touch this
GAMESTOP WONT STOP CANT STOP GREW E-COMMERCE REVENUE 309%
I know you all are terrible at percents, and the only statistics you understand involve your wives and girlfriends banging other men at statistically improbable rates, but look at THIS:  GAMESTOP GREW ITS E-COMMERCE REVENUE 309% YoY last year.      This groundswell of retards LIKING THE STOCK is the best marketing   EVER. WSB now has 6M users. Let’s say half of them buy video games, that is 3M people who will now exclusively buy from GameStop.  E-Commerce companies trade at high tech multiples, as opposed to seedy mall location video game store multiples. The biggest cost to e-commerce is marketing. It is all about thin margins, and more sales, driven by digital marketing  . Maybe the entire physical mall footprint of GameStop is worthless, but people start downloading their call of duty through GameStop, or they partner with activision or EA. The brand name and popularism now has a huge intangible value.   This is the thing I keep thinking about — if something like DOGCOYN, a literal joke, created as a joke, can have a $10B market cap from retail buying, why can’t a company like GME that trades like PEOPLE LOVE IT have a market cap of $50B if the masses decide and the momentum institutions follow? GME is absurd in terms of the speed, but not in terms of the market cap relative to other absurd crap.   I AM AN INTERNET RETARD WHO EATS CRAYONS BUT I LIKE THIS STOCK           🍑🍔🍑🍔
Who else just got this email?
If I can hold a $130,000 position, so can you. I like movie theaters so I will HOLD!! 🌕 🤚
I am just a little guy, but Robinhood closed out My GME 310/320 Debit Spread for $ , and the stock closed at $325. I can't be the only one this happened to. Just because we are small doesn't mean they can do this to us. Someone forcefully stole my spread from me for free and made my $1000.
Damning Segment from Robinhood legal disclosure
First of all, everyone please go check out your broker's over at   .   A small snippet from Robinhood's disclosure states:  "ONE OF THE FIRM'S PRIMARY SELLING POINTS WAS THAT IT DID NOT CHARGE ITS CUSTOMERS TRADING COMMISSIONS. IN REALITY, HOWEVER, "COMMISSION FREE" TRADING AT THE FIRM CAME WITH A CATCH: THE FIRM'S CUSTOMERS RECEIVED INFERIOR EXECUTION PRICES COMPARED TO WHAT THEY WOULD HAVE RECEIVED FROM THE FIRM'S COMPETITIORS. FOR LARGER VALUE ORDERS,THIS PRICE DIFFERENCE AT THE FIRM EXCEEDED THE COMMISSION ITS COMPETITORS WOULD HAVE CHARGED. THESE INFERIOR PRICES WERE CAUSED IN LARGE PART BY THE UNUSUALLY HIGH AMOUNTS THE FIRM CHARGED PRINCIPAL TRADING FIRMS FOR THE OPPORTUNITY TO OBTAIN THE FIRM'S CUSTOMER ORDER FLOW. THESE PAYMENTS ARE GENERALLY REFERRED TO AS "PAYMENT FOR ORDER FLOW." CERTAIN OF THE FIRM'S RETAIL COMMUNICATIONS OMITTED ITS RECEIPT OF PAYMENT FOR ORDER FLOW. SINCE THE FIRM'S LAUNCH, PAYMENT FOR ORDER FLOW HAS BEEN THE SINGLE LARGEST SOURCE OF REVENUE. THE FIRM'S CUSTOMER AGREEMENTS AND TRADE CONFIRMATIONS STATED IT "MAY" RECEIVE PAYMENT FOR ORDER FLOW, HOWEVER, IN FAQS ON THE FIRM'S WEBSITE DESCRIBING HOW IT MADE MONEY, AND IN CERTAIN COMMUNICATIONS WITH CUSTOMERS ADDRESSING THE SAME ISSUE, IT OMITTED PAYMENT FOR ORDER FLOW WHEN IT DESCRIBED ITS REVENUE SOURCES BECAUSE IT BELIEVED THAT PAYMENT FOR ORDER FLOW MIGHT BE VIEWED AS CONTROVERSIAL BY CUSTOMERS. THE FIRM ALSO INSTRUCTED ITS CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVES NOT TO MENTION PAYMENT FOR ORDER FLOW IN RESPONDING TO QUESTIONS ABOUT ITS SOURCES OF REVENUE."       TLDR:   Robinhood fills your orders at shittier prices, that results in additional costs that exceed the cost of commission you would pay at competing firms. Robinhood also lied and was purposefully deceptive about selling YOUR ORDER INFO to principal trading firms (CITADEL).       TLDR TLDR: FUCK ROBINHOOD
If we cross out the Manipulation, there's an ever INCREASING DEMAND & HOLD of shares!!        YOU'RE DOING GREAT!!
I GET NOKKED DOWN BUT I GET UP AGAIN YOU AIN’T NEVER NOK ME DOWN - I saw my tendies go down and I just couldn’t believe it so I threw down another 5K lost 2K cause this is the way - I settled at   2/05 before Earnings! I’m telling em WSB ain’t NOKKING to FUCK WIT
The fight is not over! Its retards vs Wall Street. Shorts have not been covered. Get ready for a big Monday!
Serious: WSB Lifetime Channel Moments
I can't tell you how moved I was reading the open letter from earlier in the week. Your stories were powerful and they connected with an audience far beyond our community of smoothbrains. We wanted to hear more so that WSB can speak for WSB - not the mods.  Share your powerful stories about how wallstreetbets has affected your lives, for better or for worse. What are your favorite moments on the site, and how did it affect your personal lives.  Treat this as extra-serious, not WSB serious. Imagine Hallmark is making a movie about WSB, so we wanted to source shitposts here.
$100k CRSR yolo
My largest GME Yolo account. IF I CAN HOLD SO CAN YOU!
You are the good guy, keep you chin up, king.
Just an appreciation post  btw. if you'd tell me a year ago that I'll be writing an appreciation post for WSB retards I'd rather bet my money on a global pandemic and financial crisis, lol.  Listen here, lads. The stuff we do here? It's an historic, unprecedented event, and you are on the good side of it, no matter who will win and who will write the history books. It's not about the money anymore. Look what you've done: politicians of opposing parties agreeing with each other, support from the billionaires, celebrities, athletes, even Mia Khalifa lmao. Brokerages losing their shit and breaking law in broad daylight, everyone exposing crooked hedge fund managers, finding apparent connections between the White House and Citadel, TEACHING people about the stock market and its fundamentals (holy fuck guys, just realise how many people learned what short squeeze is this week)!  Doesn't matter if you are the OG or just hopped in, if it's $10 mln or your $20 life savings. You will be remembered, and if I ever meet someone in real life who'll tell me they fought against the criminals in suits, I'll gladly buy you the cheapest piss beer and drink with you at the dumpsters behind Wendy's. Some people found purpose because of you, and this is no fucking joke. You united more people than you think - this is a financial revolution, first one in the era of digitalisation.  I'm fucking proud of all of you, and happy for every cent you'll take from these greedy bastards. You should all be proud of yourselves.  This is far from over, so remember -   hold the fucking line.     Mandatory
CNBC now running Ads promoting that Melvin Capital closed their short positions on $GME
So nice of Robinhood to give me a buy list, but why are the limits so low?
ALL HAIL OUR SUPREME AUTIST u/adioking, They single-handedly stopped the hedgecunts from flash crashing the stock. Pay him respect
Y'all probably wondering, how did those manipulative hedgecunts allow us to close above 320. If you note, there were insane volumes during closing, but price remained steady. Because when the hedgecunts where manipulating it to go down and crash, several people found out the technique to buy excercisable calls with almost no premium.  We bypassed the ban on buying more shares and were able to keep the momentum going above 320.  We won the battle, and are well on our way to win the war. Since it closed above 320, millions of calls will be exercised and the gamma squeeze has officially begun. All we have to do now is HOLD. Just chill during this weekend for we have a war to win next week.  I don't know if the technique will work on Monday, and if it does, anyone looking to buy 100 shares or more can do it. Remember to remove stop losses, and set limit higher than 1,000$       EVERYONE go pay respects to our lord and saviour in times of our need   u/adioking\ \ . His cock is massive and his brain is so wrinkled it may very well cause a black-hole. I am honored if he is my wife's boyfriend.\ \
I love this stonk! F    the manipulators for the dip in between.
Interactive Broker's "de-risking" is here to stay. The put up a website for it.
Educate yourself on the battle ahead. GameStop investor relations resources.
It’s the weekend. What else are going to do?  Educate yourself so you know what you’re getting into.  This isn’t financial advice.  ______   GameStop investor relations home page     ______   Institutional ownership of GME     Who owns the shares, who wants the share to go up, what percentage of shares are in index funds, who will have your best interest as a shareholder when shit gets popping is answered here  ______  Holiday sales number for 2020     I want to highlight 309% increase in online sales and online retail transition is something Ryan Cohen is advocating. Also shows the effects of weak store closures and covid. Interesting read.  ______  Ryan Cohen and new additions to the board of directors      This right here is what started it all. It highlights expertise, resumes, and future visions.  ______  Q3 earnings release      This is the previous earnings report. Good information lending insight into the progression into the 5th generation of consoles. Q4 being reported slated for 3/25.  ______  Conference call logs     If you actually listen to all of these as a podcast, you need to go outside and take a walk. You haven’t seen the sun in weeks.  _____  GameStop careers      Be the change you want to see. Work for the company and influence from within. Two words: stock options.  ______  The actual website     There’s some awesome sales going on right now. There’s been a lot of sales like buy 5 for $10 or 4 for $30 and this is moving products off the shelves.  Did you know that they also sell electronics like TVs, drones, and smart home devices? Giving Best Buy a run for their money.  ______  GameStop Twitter      This is where most of the PR happens. 2 days ago, they tweeted about Magic the Gathering right at market close.     Elon Musk tweeted a Magic the Gathering meme to follow up and then shouted out /r/wallstreetbets     ______  Twitch chat is the best DD     ______  Upcoming gaming events that could potentially impact the trading price of GME in the next months   ______  Taipei Game Show  January 28th-31st     ______  Blizzcon 2021  February 19th-20th     ______  Anticipated upcoming game releases  Elden Ring  God of War 2: Ragnarok  Resident Evil Village  Far Cry 6  Death Loop  Horizon: Forbidden West  Halo: Infinite  Hogwarts Legacy  Gotham Knights  Gran Turismo 7  Hollow Knight: Silksong  Diablo 4  Overwatch 2  Breath of the Wild 2  Persona 5 Strikers  25th anniversary Pokémon games and remasters  As you can see lots of heavy hitters coming this year.  ______  Honorable mention: markets would crash if  Grand Theft Auto 6 is announced  Half Life 3 is announced  Skyrim 2 or Elder Scrolls 6 release date revealed  World of Warcraft 2 is announced  Confirmed existence of Chess 2  ______  TLDR:  Not financial advice but I am holding til they pay me what it’s worth.
Elite Billionaires Scare-Mongering the public has begun over the weekend, to shake paper hands on Monday.
Flown Over Robinhood HQ
Hold and it'll only make you more tendies. FK ROBINHOOD. GME   🪐
We accept him one of us, gooble gobble
The evolution of the Trash icon   WE HOLD
ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED!? [Cross post since WSB doesn't allow video longer than 60 sec]
Update: New and Improved Billboard for Times Square (thank you for feedback on the last one, open to more feedback on this one)
Would there be any interest in a    DD?
Not sure if there is any room for DD at the moment, with all the amazing, retarded and outright RICO-like stuff happening at the moment. Short and gamma squeezes aren't going to last forever though. Should I wait a couple of weeks and let the market awaken the rest of the    from Feb/March last year, or should I spend a couple of hours today writing it up with nice little graphs and pictures for all the autists to pick apart?   Short version: Market is increasingly propped up to cushion the fall / secure the retirement for the elite boomers. No dollars have been printed by the Fed. "Stimulus" is really emergency aid to avoid rioting. There are NO SIGNS of inflation, let alone reflation happening anytime soon in the US. Market is overstretched, and as soon as the passive flows stopped on Friday, it instantly dipped. It's probably going down quite a bit until the passive flows "buy the dip" in a couple of weeks.  TL;DR: Am I wasting my time on DD this week?
Attn: George Sherman
We know you're lurking in here somewhere. I don't speak for the rest of this sub but I'm sure there are some like-minded people here.   Obviously what's happening right now is a life changing event for hundreds, thousands, maybe tens or hundreds of thousands of people's lives. More specifically, your's: you have a real opportunity here man, literally the world stage. You can change the direction of this company from going under to the next big thing in gaming.  DON'T WASTE IT  DON'T ABUSE IT  And absolutely DON'T YOU DARE SELL OUT.  We know some hedgies are probably offering you vast riches to sell your shares and end the   you have to realize how much bigger this is than just you, GME or us retards. We're trying to change the world, just a little, for the average Joe.      WE ACTUALLY DO LIKE THE STOCK
GME - Expected Range next week
Listen up retards here are the market makers levels that are currently being priced in for the following week for volatility on GME.        For the prices they are selling PUTS and CALLS at the 325 strike price (expiring 5th Feb) upper bound is roughly $575 and the lower $75 ( Purple line) . This is the full straddle price the MM is getting for the options they are selling. Once price goes over this level they start to lose money.     They are not expecting price to go above or below these levels otherwise they would have made the options more expensive.    Usually the MMs try not to hedge as its expensive and is cheaper for them to defend those levels  and /or will rely on the gamma scalpers to start shorting the stock at the call line or the top boundary purple line. Traders who have bought the 325 Calls will have a lot of value in those options and can short the stock risk free if they still have time value left on the option.  However if the MMs think that the levels wont be shorted and there is too much long value in the stock they will buy to hedge themselves.  This however is not a normal market at the moment.  Anyway some levels to watch next week to see if they try defend.  GME to the moon etc etc
A Little Advice To Vanguard And Fidelity
Well, congratulations. You guys have positioned yourselves to be in the best position imaginable tocapitalize on a perfect scenario that will explode your customer base and membership moving forward.   You still have one mountain to climb, however.  YOUR USER INTERFACE IS EMBARRASSINGLY TERRIBLE. I am well aware of the time, effort, energy, and capital you’ve spent building your app and website over the years, and that’s great. However, RobinHood has walked the fucking dog on you when it comes to simplicity, ease of use, and approachability. They’ve brought millions of new investors to the market, and have had world changing successes of which I’m sure you’re all well aware of (you know, like when they changed the game my forcing you to make trades free?).  I’m a Gen X Millennial, and although I may be able to adapt to your convoluted-ass website and mobile app, a lot of the future investors will not have the patience or inclination to do the same.  You have to change it, and do it quickly.  It needs to be sleek, modern, and user-friendly. You don’t have to copy RobinHood (hell, why would you want to?), but you do have to come up with something that can keep the influx of new customers from jumping ship once their aboard, and   I’m not talking about making it hard for us to leave, you have to make it easy for us to stay.    The last week’s debacle is as best an opportunity as you’ll ever have to catapult yourself into the front of your industry. It’s the World Series, bottom of the 9th, the bases are loaded, and you’re down by 3. RobinHood is pitching with a broken arm, and you are the batter with the .989 average.  Will you hit the Home Run, or let the ball roll across home plate?
No words for how much this disgusts me
We should listen to Mark Cuban for $GME $AMC $NOK $AMRN
This is all the DD you need for Monday. Shoutout u/KrisPcream for the inspo
Why do GEVO posts always get removed?
One of the rules on the r/wallstreetsbets subreddit is you can’t post about any penny stocks. GEVO used to be a penny stock so for a long time mods would immediately delete any posts about GEVO. However, GEVO is no longer a penny stonk my friends. It’s a stock that is getting ready to go to the   on a   powered by it’s own fuel.  Why are these posts getting removed?   My position:  737 Shares of GEVO (average price = $   $GEVO 8/20 15c (5 contracts, average price  =     Total Initial Investment    $6,264 (shares) + $3,250 (options) = $9,514    This is my largest position and my largest initial investment into any one company.     What do they do?   “Gevo inc. is engaged in commercializing jet fuel, gasoline and diesel fuel. The company’s fermentation yeast biocatalyst produces isobutanol through fermentation of renewable plant biomass... Its products include renewable gasoline, renewable biodiesel, isooctane, sustainable aviation fuel (SAF), isobutylene, ethanol and animal feed.”   GEVO is going to the   in a   powered by their own fuel.    #positionsorban
Why i think the SEC CANT step in to safe Citadel and Melvin even if they want!
Ill keep it Short, dont forget that Blackrock and Vanguard are long $gme   and own i think about 30% of the shares.   This means if the SEC would Step up and rescue Citadel they would fuck over this other 2 that are more powerful then Citadel. The only way out for Citadel is if Blackrock and Vanguard will give them all their shares, but i know they love money too and will not make it possible for citadel.      Hold strong retaaaards! We will win.    Holding since 5$ made about 10 million $ still holding strong.     Feel free to add some rocket Emojis.
You guys are actually understating how royally fucked Shorty is. Part 2.
[Part 1 here.] (   Just to follow up on my previous post, a lot of people DM'd me asking for receipts and proof for my thesis that the broader market has been tanking because of these short squeezes. [Its not just the fact that the S&P 500 has had its worst week since October, despite earnings season being spectacular with over 80% of companies beating expectations.] (   [Look at the S&P 500 vs GME and you'll see as GME gains, shorts have to sell long S&P500 positions to pay for losses.] (   [Need more proof? Here's a chart showing that we're witnessing the biggest long/short unwinding since the fucking pandemic started, and before that, since the fucking financial crisis...] (   The best part? Shorts capitulate and liquidate - The top hedge fund long picks will crash, trading at cheap value. Think about houses after the financial crisis, except this time...  #WE'RE THE ONES REPOSSESSING.  [When this blows up in their face, make sure to go long on all current Hedge fund long positions since they'll be trading at steep discounts.] (    this is not financial advice, I am but a humble
IG Group restricts trading on GameStop and AMC due to ‘extreme volatility’ - IG PEOPLE FIND NEW PLATFORM! WE CANNOT STOP BUYING NOW GME AMC
Someone said my 8k gain would be gone by the end of the month. I told him I’d earn 50k to prove him wrong. I did it. $300 to 68k in less than a month.
Delivered bags of peanuts to GameStop employees, as I said I would. Still holding 100 shares of GME!!!
My journey in WSB and why diamond hands is important 72k-16k-51k-10k-50k-400k. Never give up. Cashed my initial investment this time
GameStop and AMC: UK trading platform IG stops new trades - UK PEOPLE FIND NEW WAY TO INVEST IN THESE! SHORT SQUEEZE SHOULD NOT STOP! LET’S GO
Never forget. Last year when this guy soldout the subreddit for personal gain now trying to take credit for your movement for the same reason. #cloutchaser
IF HE’S STILL IN IT, I’M STILL IN IT (swipe for positions)
Brokers using your shares without you lending it to them
I read from u/johnanon2015 that if you don't have limit order set, they can borrow your stock. (not really sure how that works). One way to stop this is to put a limit order on it, but that is stupid cause some places like fidelity only allows up to 50% and we don't want to sell it for cheap 500$  What can be done? Call up your broker and ask them to not lend out any of your shares.     "not allow any lending of any of my stocks or funds."   They honored that immediately and are mailing a letter stating such. 1-3 business days for delivery. I couldn't be happier with Fidelity. -u/johnanon2015   What are some of the limits of limit order by other platforms?  TLTR:    ONLY limit sell if you are setting at really high price. Like $42,069 Call brokers if you are limited and tell them to not lend it out  Not a financial advisor, just ape training  Edit: correct me if I'm wrong. Cash accounts are fine, it's only if you have a margin account?
WSB Traffic Growth: What going viral looks like
Holding until ZERO OR MOON - Grabbing more shares monday. See you in VALHALLA
Short interest in $BB - It's increasing
(All information found here, including any ideas, opinions, views, predictions, forecasts, commentaries, suggestions, or stock picks, expressed or implied herein, are for informational, entertainment or educational purposes only and should not be construed as personal investment advice. While the information provided is believed to be accurate, it may include errors or inaccuracies.)        In this DD I will highlight how the short float % has been increasing over time in BB.           As can be seen in this picture, the short float % has been steadily increased over time as the price continues to go up. This could indicate that the shorts have been losing a ton of money, and is now trying to double down. However, this is nowhere near GME or AMC levels but could increase a lot more over time as seen in how much the short volume has increased these last couple of days.         As seen in this picture you can clearly see that the short volume has been increasing over time, and will most likely have an effect on how much the short float % currently is. Since the latest data for the short float % is from the 15th of January, we would have to wait for the 9th of February to see newly updated data on the short float %.      The question is now, will they keep shorting BB into oblivion as they did with GME and AMC?        It's also important to look at the options flow and the possibility of a gamma squeeze.         This week we saw something that very well could have been manipulation of the price based upon how many calls that would expire ITM of the price was above $30. They kept the price under $15 to let all these contracts expire OTM. But how does the options table looks like next week? See picture below           As seen in this picture there are far fewer calls OTM next week compared to this week. So I would think that the stock price has a better chance of moving higher this week. However the possibility of a Gamma squeeze next week is small but if the price can get above $25 there is a chance to see a push upwards due to call sellers buying back shares to cover.      # And of course BB      Edit: I’m not here to distract people from GME, but I’m just trying to highlight what these HF’s are doing, by showing how they just continue to short companies with potential like BB.
I get it now. I completely understand why nobody is selling for the money.
I got into $GME very late. I had a couple shares back at $20, had paper hands, and sold. I went all in a couple of days ago. Despite it only being a couple of days, I've been lurking here for a bit. The amount of 6 figure, 7 figure, and 8 figure gains I was seeing was blowing my mind. More than that, it was blowing my mind that nobody was selling. I thought, "you made a 7 figure profit, what more do you want?" Now that I'm all in, I've been staying more up to date with the things that are happening. And now I get it. I understand why nobody is selling.   I just saw a video of a billionaire saying it's unfair what's going on. I saw a billionaire say, "he's just trying to make a living". I saw an article call WSB an alt-right hate group. I havent seen one billionaire against this movement speak on the recession of 2008. But I have seen stories in WSB of families deteriorating by the days because of the recession. I've seen blatant market manipulation to keep the common man from trading. I've seen countless slanders and whining over the last couple of weeks.    You know what else I've seen during this time? I saw a guy on here donate switches to St. Jude. I saw a different guy donate money to St. Jude. I saw a guy pay for his dogs surgery. I saw a dude pay off his student loans. I saw a CEO donate it all to a charity for small businesses. I've seen somebody be able to buy a place after living in their car.    This is all so much bigger than money. That's cliche as fuck, but God it's true. I'm stuck between my blood boiling and my eyes watering. Honestly, I don't have a huge investment into Gamestop. Its not like my shares alone hold any bearing on Melvin making this out alive or not - but it's all I have. I went from freaking out over losing $100 in a day, to losing thousands in a day and just kinda smirking.   To be honest, I planned on getting out if it hit $1000. But IM NOT GETTING OUT. Truthfully, I'll survive without this money if it tanks. Obviously money would be nice, but I know some others out there probably need it more. All that I do ask, if you do make it out of this not holding the bag, please do something good with your profits. Please don't turn into the greedy leeches on wall street.    tl;dr - I like this stock. I like you all. Big like, no sell  Edit:        can we cook tendies out on Saturn or do we need to bring our own?  Edit 2: Stop messaging me asking for financial advice I'm a retard and I'm not giving any advice I just like the stock  Edit 3: If anybody messages you for financial advice I'd ignore it. 80% of the messages are worded very similarly and are asked by low karma accounts. Starting to think these are bots messaging us for financial advice to fuck us over
What can hedge funds do at this point? (Legal or not)
Before I even start, I’ve been holding a few hundred shares of GME since ~20 and been buying since, cost basis around 60. I’m in this for the long haul, haven’t considered selling. Fuck    and Wall St.   But now that we’ve seen exactly what lengths (illegal ones) hedge funds are willing to go through to ensure their profit and our loss, what are some other possibilities of things, both legal and not, that they could do over the weekend/early next week to drive GME further down?  Don’t worry not selling until $10k+ a share  🤚
Serious discussion: You post a stock in r/wsb, it gets flagged by brokers and sales are restricted.
I have invested my money in a few travel stocks and coincidentally AMC before the squeeze. Now I and many others are made to look like a bunch of rebels and punished or restricted for purchasing. It's almost like any stock mentioned on wsb got flagged. Will TSLA get flagged, bet your ass it won't. I'm happy for you guys and worried for the few bag holders at the moment who are putting into the cause. There's a slew of magazines "Forbes, etc." that promote businesses and their monthly subscribers are influenced to put their hard earned money towards. It's all the same.
Maybe I'm wrong here, but a sharp increase in price from now forward could trigger the short squeeze, if it holds.
I'm not 100% sure on this one, but I've been thinking about it for a while. Short interest in GME has barely changed since this price increase began. That means, either people are holding for their dear lives, or people thinking that GME will go back down as quick as it came up. I'm beginning to think the latter. People see this as an opportunity to earn what they think is free money. If we rise to 400-500, and hold it there, not only will we fuck over a lot of the new shorters, we may end up triggering a short squeeze, as these idiots don't have the same capital or backing that Melvin have, and thus will be forced to buy back the shares in order to avoid going into negative balance. This is just a theory, but it's enough of one for me to hold no matter what the price.
Robinhood's "Investing for Everyone" approach drew millions of customers. Now it faces a revolt. tl:dr: I LIKE THE STOCK.
Overview of Short Stock Buy-Ins & Close-Outs   IB Knowledge Base
The Tri-Force is Complete
Is robinhood the only broker that is doing this bs?
Robinhood restrictions expand to 50 stocks... Delete RH before RH deletes you!
Am I the only one looking at RH this week and thinking it's going into a death spiral? Massive conflict of interest with Citadel; restrictions on buying GME, first zero, then 5 shares, then 1; lawsuits; congressional hearings; billionaires crucifying them on twitter; now 50 different stocks are banned including GM and Starbucks. Why? They going bankrupt?  I fear this is headed toward RH deleting their app and leaving all their customers with absolutely nothing. If this happens, it could take years to get partial compensation from a lawsuit.  I'm no expert on this, but how is anyone still willing to trust their money with these scammers? This is not the kind of loss porn we want here, is it?  EDIT:    Still, don't know how long it would take to receive claims and who wants to go through all that?
Anyone still in ARK (ARKG, ARKK, ARKQ)?
Stocks down, and I’ve read the last three days has seen the first outflow of funds from the account in a year. According to Bloomberg it’s likely due to the recent volatility including GME, they make the point it might actually be a good thing since ARK does better with less funds because they can be more targeted.   So with that being said, good time to get in? I wanted to get in months ago but the stock exploded and I was trying to wait for a dip. Trying to figure out if the ship has sailed and the stock is done or if there will be a second wind and I should buy the dip?
STONK WARS, EPISODE III: REVENGE OF THE APES — THE $GME  IS FLYING ALL THE WAY TO THE OUTER RIM — HOLD THE LINE, APES TOGETHER STRONG
Off topic but BABA Earnings next week! Holding though ER, any suggestions?
Financial Vigilantism has always been the only recourse.
Compare Occupy Wallstreet vs. The Squeeze. The results speak for themselves.  I have not participated in a more meaningful movement in my entire life. It is not The Law, it is Their Law. And in the words of The Prodigy: Fuck 'em, and their law. We followed their rules, then they changed the rules at the last minute to protect themselves.  The system has always been rigged. The only path to change was from within, and we found the key.   Those in power have chosen this as the only solution, it will be their undoing.   They will burn it down themselves, before we do, out of spite for us, to prevent us from taking more than the stale crumbs. We need to take it all away from them before that.  Our next moves are important. We continue the GME squeeze to completion. We proceed to squeeze the other over-shorted stocks. This hunt will be limited from now on in effectiveness now that they are aware and had a market manipulation event in their favor to minimize exposure. Also note the stocks that were gems but heavily shorted so 'tutes could take all the cheap shares for themselves (BB/NOK/PLTR). We now have to contend with their counter-moves. I am anticipating a tree-shake to rout out weak retail so they can lessen our forces. Regulations talks will probably be the catalyst.  We need to think in terms of countering their moves, not following common "wisdom". I have a feeling derivatives will be our key here, they offer the leverage and domino effect we can capitalize on. There will be a move away from standard assets as confidence in the old market disintegrates. We will see more crypo and precious metals plays. I am unfamiliar enough with forex/futures to predict their roles, but I welcome ideas.  We have pressed them into playing their entire hand, they will now make desperate moves that we can counter since they cannot afford the time to apply their boomer-scam-tactics as effectively as in the past.  Brothers, frères, hermanos: our victory is afoot. Godspeed and may DFV watch over us.     Edit: yea, fuck me, it's a cheezy rallying cry I guess. Felt good anyways.
How Wall Street may try to take GME tendeis from retail investors and how retail investors can protect themselves
Ok so before you incinerate me, I want to make things clear, I have been holding since $20 level. I sold part of my position as I want to buy a house and that money definitely helps (at the end of the day we want money for these kind of things). I am still holding shares though because I like the stock.  Now that everything is clear, I just want to highlight potential ways Wall Street may use to take away your tendies if you are a GME investor and how you can protect yourself. This is my opinion based on what I observe and nothing else:  #  Potential price supression by hedge funds  Thursday and Friday volume (purple circle) was really low in contrast to previous days (Monday to Wednesday) when the squeeze started (green circle). This means two things:  1. Everybody held the line. Short Squeeze has not even started. 2. What happened on Thursday and Friday seems to be blatant market manipulation to supress the price without the participation of retail investors. Obviously I can not prove this, but volume is the smoking gun. There are also some other posts in wsb that show how short sellers are selling longs to cover shorts (maybe that is why the rest of the market has been red the last two days?)           So hedge funds could try to keep the price supressed for weeks or months by restricting retail participation. This is how they ~~ban~~ discourage people from buying and encourage selling.    HOW YOU CAN PROTECT YOURSELF  : if you want to invest consider buying the stock or if you prefer call options, spread them between different maturities. The worst thing that can happen is that you buy weeklies OTM and they expire worthless, this is how they drain your capital and outlast retail investors. If your broker does not allow you to buy, open an account into another broker.  # Mainstream Media Misinformation  We have seen CNBC manipulating what is happening and trying to spread the narrative that retail investors don't know what to do. They are trying to push the narrative that retail traders don't know what to do and it smells to me like Wall Street is going to ask to shut down forums like this one and limit access to leverage products such as options.  You can find a great interview with Chamath where he literally destroy the CNBC reporter on YouTube (just type "Chamath GME, AMC" and you will find it).    HOW YOU CAN PROTECT YOURSELF  : be careful with posting loss porn from GME options, after Thursday price manipulation where lots of people that bought ATM and OTM options ~~were robbed by hedge funds while retail investors could not participate in the market~~ lost money, they may use these posts on TV and twist them like " they lose money because they gamble and they do not know what they are doing therefore it is necessary some regulation in place to limit access to leverage products as they can not take care of themselves "  # RobinHood or other brokerage services potential bankruptcies  I posted about this yesterday but inmediately deleted the post due to panic it caused (it was not my intention, sorry).  RobinHood funds are covered by FDIC which means your money is safe in the event of bankruptcy, but what I am not so sure (maybe someone can clarify) is, in the event of bankruptcy what would happen to your portfolio.  Aparently RobinHood liquidated some positions for different users without their consent (you can find posts in wsb related to that), so maybe they can liquidate your holdings at market price, give you the money and that's all (this is just pure speculation from mi side). Now, if they do this while retail traders are not allowed to participate, hedge funds could buy your shares at whatever price they want and cover their shorts. Given that Citadel is their main client I would not rule out this possibility.  I know this is too much speculation but could be a potential scenario given what happened on Thursday may have happened because the GME trade caused a systemic risk in the whole US financial markets due to leverage on hedge funds that went short (people have also written other posts about this in wsb).  Under this scenario RobinHood would be sacrified. Short Sellers would cover at the price they moreless want and any potential amount you have on your account not covered by RobinHood would be covered by FDIC (aka the american tax payer... sounds familiar, maybe like 2008 again?)  There is a video on YouTube about this topic in the Meet Kevin channel (seems the guy is quite popular in US).    HOW YOU PROTECT YOURSELF  : I don't know what you can do in this scenario. Just hold your shares because if you want to transfer them to another broker maybe they also liquidate your positions (not sure about this, if anyone can confirm please, that would be great). Obviously, once GME squeeze is over, get out of RobinHood. If you want to buy GME, you can do it from other brokers.    TLDR  : If you invested in GME. HOLD. DONT PANIC SELL. NEVER.  Nothing has changed, the short squeeze has not even started.  Be careful with weeklies, this could last weeks or months, better buy the stonk or spread across different maturities.  Get out of RobinHood once the GME short squeeze is over.    0 Comments
This is a siege. You can starve. Can they?
Community, there are a lot of posts psychologically prepping folks to sell at 1K or whatever. They are writing it off as a loss of 10s of Billions. They are going to guilt you into selling because the 'market's falling'. In 2020, the Billionaires got richer by about 2T. The US stock market is worth 30T. Whatever gains you make selling at 1K might make life better for you for a few years. Start paying attention when the losses exceed a Trillion maybe. But the \ Hedge Funds\  will go back to their business. Here's the thing.  \ You\  already own enough of the \ float\ .  It doesn't matter if other Hedge Funds or billionaires jump in and buy at this point. You just have to keep holding. This is a \ siege\ . It has just begun.
Is Papa Chamath giving us the ultimate playbook?
You better believe it!     I’M NOT SELLING. Ps. F ROBIN HOOD
Holding like harambe
u/Jeffamazon predicted the GME squeeze in October last year  🏽    🏽
26
January 26th Visualized (Teaser)
Market analysis of why $GME literally can’t go tits up, and why no one will get left behind because the price won’t fall
Firstly, get the fuck off Robinhood and make a fidelity account. It took 10 minutes and a couple hours to transfer money.   Strap in you     studs, we’re about to leave the solar system      This was always a good play. The logic and reasoning was there. A large number of shorts were in play and so long as people hold, there is money to be made.   This requires 2 things.    That the retail investor buys and holds   That the market doesn’t cheat  The first one is tough. If people start    ‘ing this bitch, it’s not going to work and Wall Street wins. You have to rely on a bunch of random strangers to make the same play as you, and that implies inherent risk.   But you mother fucking autists did it! You held through everything they’ve thrown at us! I’ve never been more proud to be a retard.   So one out of the two we’re set for, if Reddit held through that dip, they will hold through everything. If DFV can hold, I can hold.   Which leads to the second point. Wall Street cheating. The thought is(was) that as long as this is fair, we 100% make money as long as point one holds true. The bad news is that it isn’t fair and the market always cheats, so again risky.   Except we knew those corporate shills were going to cheat, did cheat and you fucking autists still held! You’ve proved your valor time and time again.   Which is the wrap up. Wall Street cheated and still is losing! We know for a fact point one holds true, and because of Wall Streets cheating it will be even harder now that every eye is on them.   This literally can’t go tits up positions all in $GME        Bonus point   #(The argument for why no one gets left behind.)  The first thing to say is that even after a squeeze happens keep holding.   The reason for this is as follows.   Firstly, Thursday the shorts position went from 140% to 250% (this is debated. Numbers came from a dd post Thursday. Though I do remember seeing total shorts go up). This means they think they can win and doubled down. So there is a lot more at play.   But here’s why the HF will always lose if we hold. Think about the stock, it’s doing really well, but is it going to hold long term? Eventually it has to fall, right?  That’s exactly what hedge funds are thinking. They think it’s overvalued and therefore will drop. So their play is to take out more shorts.   Except this time, the community knows this, so we just keep holding. Eventually the hedge funds can’t keep taking out shorts cause they know we will keep holding and the stock will stay stagnant with Wall Street never being able to win. Sure the price may fall gradually from 10k+, but wall street will never be able to make money cause as soon as they short, we hold.    Hope the logic is easy to follow, I’m not a financial advisor, just someone who got high last night    $GME 10k EOW
Donated half of my AMC gains to my local Children’s Hospital.
Nice headline NYT
This is America: A bagholder story
As we sit in front of our computers this weekend, urgently refreshing wallstreetbets in a desperate search for that dopamine high, that sweet sweet confirmation bias that what we just did, YOLOing all our money into GME was the right thing to do, its time to take a moment to consider how unprotected are tight innocent assholes are, and who make try and strip us of that innocence.  It is already clear from this week that hedge funds will not go down without a fight, and why should we have expected any less. There is FUD, market manipulation, smear   against us, and paid bots and shilling diversions, just more ways to get your small peasant brain to chase after the next shiny object like the plebian shit-class untouchable you are to them. So what is there to consider?    The Fundamentals remain unchanged    Short float is still sitting at 120% and new shorts waiting to profit off of the end drop of the squeeze are coming on board every day. THERE IS NO SHORTAGE OF NEW SHORTS. This is great news in one way. The short squeeze still has the potential to blow up. You still have the potential to make fat TENDIES.  1.   DFV is still in      2.   Both sides are still in      3.   IM STILL MOTHERFUCKING IN  .           Hedge funds are just as retarded as us    Are you seriously going to believe that the people running the markets are not just as fucking stupid and arrogant. They have been winning for decades. They think we are marks and have no problem doubling their position in spite of us. They will make fatal flaws that will eventually pay off in the form of a short squeeze once they cant bear the interest.  SO HOW CAN WE GET SCREWED?  There are a number of unprecedented ways this whole scenario can go fucking sideways that you should always be aware of.  1.   We are no longer Us vs Citadel - THE SEC HALTS TRADING ON GME FOR A WEEK OR MONTH    The world is watching, politicians are watching, other hedge funds, and retards all over the globe. Most important the SEC and the US government is watching. This has almost become a social movement, and the MOMENT it shifts from a good deal and fundamentals in the market to a social movement to fuck over the market and hedge funds the SEC will step in to protect the market.  This is because of our own weight, people joining on because they see the hype against hedge funds and not understanding the market principles behind why a short squeeze will happen.  THERE IS ALREADY PEOPLE CALLING FOR A WEEK OR MONTH LONG HALT TO PROTECT THE MARKET FROM A SOCIAL MOVEMENT. THE SEC DOES NOT CARE ABOUT YOU.  YELLEN TOOK NEARLY A MILLION IN SPEAKING FEES FROM CITADEL. SHE IS NOT ON YOUR SIDE. She cant overtly help citadel because that would be collusion but she has enough dick swing to make a freeze on both sides that would cool the momentum off on our side, and give the other side enough time to increase their covers.  2.   The players have changed    Nobody has to disclose what short percentage they are holding. There are so many new shorts that we don't know if it is still Melvin, Citadel, or a completely new set of players at a much higher short position. I highly doubt the original players are still holding their worst short positions and if they have dropped those and put themselves in a much higher short level, the price in which we need to bring GME will increase drastically in order for them to feel the pressure.  Citadel is a FUCKING PRO, they are very fucking likely on both sides of this trade. If you don't believe they are already holding long positions, dumping their most dangerous short positions, and intending to make money UP the squeeze and DOWN the squeeze you are deluded to how hedge funds work. The smartest players play both sides.  3.   The government steps in and bails out the shorts    This is not going to be a 2008 scenario where you all get a fat payday from daddy USA riding in a white fucking unicorn. There are people all over the world long GME and the gov would never just hand you a payout at whatever price you want. It will look like back door incentives to reduce their position. It will be behind closed doors and the percentage of the profit you will see from this will be low as fuck.  4.   Gamestop itself is forced to dilute its shares    This is the absolutely worst-case scenario, with one fell swoop the short % would shrink below 100, the risk of a squeeze would deflate, the price would get diluted, and cause a run on GME and its collapse. This would save hedge funds and wipe everyone long GME out.  They cant do this? Don't fucking delude yourself, the government can and will strong-arm Gamestop to do whatever the fuck it feels is best to diffuse the situation if it feels like this will have an impact on the overall market.     Get your fucking shit together and play the same game they are playing.    Want to stop the SEC from fucking you?   Write letters to the SEC, Write letters to your congressmen, the governer, Joe fucking biden himself.    Want to stick it to Melvin capital and hedge funds?   Go protest outside Zuccotti park and have the same nothing effect as the OCCUPY movement had. This GME play is SOLELY because WE LIKE THE STOCK AND THE FUNDAMENTALS ARE GOOD. WE ARE NOT A SOCIAL MOVEMENT and if thats why you are here you are fucking stupider than Melvin himself.    Want to mentally prepare yourself for the worst? - If you're a little bitchmade paper handed pussy who will cry when you get margin called or bankrupted then reduce your fucking position asap. The people YOLOing millies here are either LOSS VETERANS or doing their DD. ACCEPT YOU MAY LOSE IT ALL AND REMEMBER THIS IS FUCKING AMERICA WE ARE TALKING ABOUT.    Ps. I am not a financial advisor or american, but Gamestop is and this whole thing can go sideways in ways you may have not thought of.     Tl;dr. BUY AND HOLD YOU RETARDS
PSA: Robinhood Users - MODS PLEASE DON'T DELETE
TLDR: I see a lot of talk about moving and less walk.  I believe that is partly due to misinformation about the ease of switching so please read if this applies to you.    Let me start by saying the following: People can sell when they want, buy when they want, and I have no agenda here regarding that.  I also don't work for any other platform and I really don't care which one you move to, if you move at all.  I have read dozens of posts from Robinhood users (I am not a user of their platform) that range from mild displeasure to full-on outrage.  I have read far fewer posts, however, about people actually initiating the process of moving to a better online brokerage option.  There are several but first let's cover some basics so that you are fully informed on how easy it is.  If you had started the process of moving on Thursday when you should have you'd probably be ready by Tuesday/Wednesday of this week so don't delay any further!    I Read Three Main Concerns, Each I will Briefly Address:    1. Users think they have to sell their holdings first.  THAT IS FALSE. 2. Users think they can only use one platform.  THAT IS FALSE. 3. Users think the process is difficult or other brokerages cost money.  THAT IS FALSE.    You Do NOT Have To Sell Anything:   Online brokerages gain and lose clients all the time and anything a transfer occurs it is VERY simple.  I'm finding this aspect of the posts so confusing because it's just as easy to open a new account online at any of the "Big Boy" brokerages as it is with Robinhood.  You simply go online, answer questions, and generally your account is open right away!  Next you'll need to fund the new account which you can do in several ways or a combo of a few.  You can link the new account to a checking/savings account you have with a bank, you can transfer assets (UNSOLD) from an old account your new one, and usually one or two other options.  The term for transferring holdings from one brokerage to another is   "In Kind Transfer"  .  Essentially, if you own shares in many stocks or shares in just one stock the old brokerage simply transfers them to the new one.  It would be good to have the routing and account number handy from any account you wish to bring money from too.  If you don't know this simply call your bank first thing Monday morning and ask.  Or go to a branch.  Or go look at the bottom of a check you have and find them there (Google which number is which so you get it right).    You Can Have Multiple Accounts With Different Brokerages:    An easier option may simply be to open a new account over the weekend with a different brokerage, get the funds transfer started ASAP, and as soon as the money is there then you can start buying whatever you want from your new account.  You can own  X number  of shares of a company in Robinhood and  Y number  of shares in that same company with a different brokerage.  This is generally what I find my peers to be doing (I'm considered of boomer age by the WSB population) and there are actually a number of reasons to do this.  I think in light of events from this week that point should be self-evident.    This Process Could Not Be Easier, And Ironically Robinhood (& Others) Applied Pressure Years Ago And Now Most Accounts Have Free Trading:    That's right, my boomer Vanguard account used to charge a commission for me to buy/sell stock.  Now it is free!  Similarly the commission on options has come down.  Robinhood tricked you into thinking they were doing something different or better.  They actually weren't and certainly now they aren't.  CAVEAT: Vanguard's app sucks.  Some of the other grown-up brokerages apps are better and I've never used Robinhood (but I've seen a million screen shots) and it seems that Robinhood and similar brokerages did design easier platforms, especially mobile-based platforms.     HOWEVER, when you've got thousands, tens of thousands, or hundreds of thousands of dollars at stake I'm dumbfounded why a user wouldn't want something LESS basic.     The transfer may cost you $75 at most (from what I'm reading) but I think the move would be worth it.  But as I wrote above, if you don't want to transfer then just open a new account and keep two open.  One that treats you like shit and tells what you're allowed to do with your money and a new one that appreciates your business and allows you to do whatever you want.  Not sure the choice should be hard here.    FINALLY, A Note About Margin:   All accounts can have Margin (generally) but that doesn't mean you should use it.  I thought all night about writing this because if you fucks come onto one of my platforms and do a ton of stupid shit and get me banned from being able to buy/sell common stocks I'll be pissed.  But in the effort of giving us, the little guy a chance I felt it better to put this here.     Borrowing money to buy stocks is stupid and in the long run you will lose money either from depreciation of account value or interest OR BOTH.     If you're holding GME on margin right now, for example, you might be best opening a new account and not doing a transfer because you don't want your new brokerage to restrict your trading because you seem high risk.  Obviously some of the bigger, better brokerages may start making their new account process harder anyway if they see an influx of what they deem to be risky investors coming over but I'd suggest you be first in line before that happens if you want to be up and trading THIS WEEK.  I have buried this part at the bottom because I wanted the message to be heard before any of my own thoughts were placed in here.  \ \ I personally am finding it a bit on the nose that so many people are claiming that they're going to "\ \    hold until Valhalla!"      and yet they aren't willing to freeze their trading ability for a 4-5 business day process for a transfer to happen.    That is suspect AF to me but that's just me.  If people want recommendations of brokerages to consider new accounts with I offer some ideas:    Vanguard   TRowe Price   Merrill Edge (especially if you bank with Bank of America this is going to be your best bet because money should transfer instantly)   Fidelity   TDAmeritrade/Charles Schwab (though I may have read they're restricting buying so check that first)  To my knowledge all of these platforms allow you to sign up for a new account instantly online, or very close to it.  If you do nothing over the weekend and nothing first thing Monday morning to correct this Robinhood situation that it seems many of you are in (and believe me, I feel we're brothers in this and therefore I'm trying to help) then I will remain baffled and I'll be sad to see you guys continue to be squeezed.  I have been able to buy dips this past week that you guys weren't and that sucks.  Good luck gents, you no longer have any reason to be dicked around by Robinhood and I suggest you get on this ASAP because this week could get worse.      For whatever reason mods keep deleting my shit so I have no idea how long this will be here.  I think it's because a mod accused me of PD-ing on another sub and I called them out but I can't confirm that.      If you are that mod and you read this I'm still holding that position so please consider the disservice of removing this before you do.     Disclosure again: I don't work for any of those brokerages mentioned above.
Hey NYT: it’s ‘The DeepFuckingValue’ Rally, not ‘Roaring Kitty’
"INSERT TICKER" isn't the next   actually   they are
First and foremost...congratulations to those holding GME. I laughed at the stock for months and rolled my eyes whenever it popped here and there over the weeks leading up to last   the rest will go down in history.  However, I'm, like anyone else reading this, not going to forego that opportunity again with the next batch of stocks that are primed to rip due to potential squeezes...    other catalysts.  Yes.  Earmuffs.    MOST TICKERS BEING SPAMMED ARE NOT PRIMED TO SQUEEZE    Get one thing straight   is truly a unicorn right now. It was bet to basically go into the ground. I hope it keeps rising but let’s be real, the restriction on share count and removal of fractional shares on RH could slow this down.   But.  These other tickers that are being harpooned into space are not without cause. Why are they being harpooned?  Because we LIKE these companies.  Because these companies have been beaten down during COVID or the current tech onslaught.  And...because they are not OVERVALUED.  Amazon, Apple, Microsoft, Tesla, Netflix, etc. are at or near ALL TIME HIGHS. Their ongoing innovation is by buying up companies like GME to put under their umbrella.  We're "advised" not to buy at the peak but when we switch to tickers that are on the bottom  're told not to do that too?  Fuck that. And Fuck Wall Street.  #TL;DR (even though I literally have single word lines you lazy fucks)  Robinhood's baby gloves ticker list are the next wave because they're all severely undervalued. Wall St wants to continue to inflate big tech to screw us when they ride the wave back down.   Positions: AMC/BB.
The Robinhood Fiasco
Full disclosure: I have $ in Robinhood right now and am stuck with them for the time being. Who would've thought that my joke YOLO of $5k would turn into $200k and I'd be worried about my money?   And before anyone calls me a shill: fuck those guys. If they're not colluding with hedge funds, they look shady as shit. Restricting stock, changing their policies to force sales of options BEFORE the 3:00pm EST cutoff time, and selling at the absolute worst time possible? Yeah they're gonna face some serious repercussions. The SEC, FINRA, NYSE, DOJ, FBI,  're all gonna look into what these guys did. If they find a shred of evidence of wrongdoing against old Vlad there, the dude is going to federal prison. Mark my words: he will absolutely be the fall guy. And forget about their IPO. That company is done. Fuck 'em.   I've already filed complaints with the SEC, FINRA, and NYSE, and I encourage everyone to do the same. Restricting stock trading was probably their biggest mistake, and I hope they go down for it.   Ok now that that's out of the way, here's what I think is going on over there:   Half of all Robinhood users own GME stock. That's a fucking absurd number. And we're buying the shit out of it at volumes no one has ever seen before. On top of that, we managed to get Robinhood's app to #1 in the App store. Not for investing or finance, but for EVERYTHING. That's an internet hug of death that would've overwhelmed anyone.   And everyone who downloaded it bought GME.   On top of that, despite our motto of buy and   HOLD  , there are some guys who are swing trading this shit every time it spikes and tanks. Stupid and I hope we leave them in the dust, but it's happening.   So let's say, on an average day, Robinhood does 10 million trades (no idea, making it up). On Wednesday, they did 100 million trades (example) and freaked the fuck out. When we buy/sell a stock, it looks like it's instant, but some stuff goes on behind the scenes that we'll never see. Basically, at the end of the day, all of the brokers come to the bar and settle up their tabs. And they can't use our money to do it for...reasons. So they have to have the $ available to pay their bills. These are the clearing houses you may have heard about.   And we just absolutely overwhelmed them. They were prepared for maybe up to 100 million trades overall, but not 100 million on a single stock. And not when we're also buying the shit out of AMC, BB, BBBY, and others. So what did they do? They panicked.   They restricted buying of those stocks in order to be able to pay their tabs on Thursday and Friday. They also went out and raised $1 billion from investors (good move). But what they DIDN'T do was explain wtf was going on to investors. They simply said this was for our protection and due to volatility.   This is...actually true. Sort of. They have to pay their tab. If they can't do it, we can't buy/sell at all and they could go under. And this is all because of what we're doing, which is creating massive volatility. They actually ran into a similar problem back in March last year when they raised $200 million because, again, we bought the shit out of stuff.   The CEO should have come out and said, "Look, we're having liquidity issues that have nothing to do with bankruptcy. We're very profitable (they are), you're just buying too much, too fast, and we weren't prepared for it. So it was either this or we go under. We chose this."   Except what would your average Redditor hear?     OMG THEY'RE BANKRUPT!!   That would cause mass panic. We'd actually probably fuck this whole thing up. Everyone would sell their GME shares and try to rush out of Robinhood, the GME stock would tank, short sellers would win, and we'd lose the game.   And this wasn't just Robinhood. E-Trade, Interactive Brokers, TD Ameritrade, and Webull all had the same issues. Webull wasn't as shitty about it and the CEO came out and explained, and then allowed trading again.   Over the weekend, Robinhood should come out and tell the people what's going on in a VERY calm way. Then go to Chase and secure a $10 billion line of credit for the short squeeze and tell us you're doing it. Stop restricting trading. Apologize profusely and send us all $40 DoorDash gift cards.   If you have $ with Robinhood and it's not tied up in GME, do as others have suggested and switch to Fidelity, Vanguard, Chase, etc. If you're stuck, you're stuck. If the absolute worst case scenario happens and Robinhood somehow ends up bankrupt, we have SIPC protection (like FDIC) up to $500,000. And the federal government will step in and liquidate them and try to get you your $ back as well. In almost every single instance of a broker failing, people were able to get almost all of their money back. So don't worry about that TOO much.   In the end, yes, Robinhood deserves a shit ton of blame for all of this and I hope they go bankrupt when they IPO. I think it's extremely suspicious that they have a relationship with the guys we're up against, and their actions don't look good at all. I hope we just overwhelmed them, and the coming week will probably give us more insight into whether they're innocent or guilty.   So again: fuck Robinhood for what they did. They can try to turn things around and be more transparent so we can at least trade this week. It benefits all of us to hope they succeed, because that's where most of the GME buying is happening.     EDIT  : So why not transfer my money or shares elsewhere? Because it takes too long and we have no idea when this thing is gonna go nuclear. If I felt like I had time, believe me, these shares would be on their way to Fidelity right now. But if we hit $1,000 or $10,000/share in the next few days and my shares are locked, I won't be able to sell. They'd probably clear right around the time this thing came back down to earth. I'd want to die.
Donation funds with GME gains. Everyone donate. Please read!
I feel like we should follow the example of some fellow retards and donate some of our GME funds to a charity (of your choice). This will set us apart from those corrupt evil Wall Street suits and show the world that WE are the true “Robinhoods” of our day. We will take from the rich and give to the poor. It doesn’t matter how much money you make from GME, anything will suffice. Take me for example. I only have 4 shares of GME but I am going to donate to a child’s charity with profit. If GME hits $500, I will donate 25% of my profit. Please hold me accountable WSB. Don’t let me bitch out. Btw, I have never donated money before but this is for a good cause. The whole GME movement is for a good cause. So let’s rise up and do good. We are the PEOPLE for the PEOPLE! Let’s support one another!  Remind me 1 week
Don't use Ally Invest - $400k mistake margin call
Ally is a shit broker. Sent me a $400k margin call yesterday for SOMEONE ELSE'S ACCOUNT. Took waiting on the phone for 4+ hours to get someone to finally say "oops, that was a mistake." Ruined my entire Friday and damn near had a heart attack. (I've never used more than $5k margin and always paid off weekly)  Immediately started an ACAT out to Vanguard. If you use Ally for anything, close your accounts. Garbage company that also restricted GME, etc purchases this week.
Political Historian Heather Cox Richardson suggests that the GME short squeeze will improve chances for passage of a sweeping COVID relief bill.
Dr. Heather Cox Richardson, a keen observer of current events yesterday wrote that the GME short squeeze is highlighting how Wall Street got richer while the rest of us were in Corona jail. She suggests that this will improve chances of passing a larger, more comprehensive corona relief bill.   WE ARE CHANGING THE WORLD 🌎    From the last few paragraphs of her January 29th report      “The Democrats’ hand has likely been strengthened this week by the media frenzy over the so-called “GameStop short squeeze,” in which hedge fund managers got squeezed by ordinary investors driving up the price of the stock of a video game retailer so that the hedge funds could not cover short sales. Investment firms promptly cried foul, only to be greeted with derision, since it is not at all clear that their own stock purchases have a better effect on the markets than those of the smaller investors, and since they made huge money betting on the Covid-19 crisis. Observers see the short squeeze as a populist attack on unscrupulous Wall Street types.  While the entire story behind the short squeeze is not yet clear, it does already have a political meaning. The GameStop story reinforced the growing sense that the system has been rigged for the wealthy. People from across the political spectrum are demanding more thorough regulation of the stock market, a dramatic cultural change.”
The SEC will not do anything about what happened with GAMESTOP. Article about Citadel in 2017 .
Can someone explain the switch from Robinhood to Fidelity?
I get that Robinhood has been limiting people to buying one or two shares and that’s because they have that vested interest since they get a lot of revenue from Citadel. But I’ve also heard people talking about Fidelity and Vanguard have access to a shit ton of shares and is the reason everyone should move. Could someone explain how fidelity and vanguard have access to all these shares but Robinhood doesn’t? Or does robinhood have the same access but is limiting investor access to them? Thanks
Is it too late for $GME?
Fuck no. I see some people here that like the stock saying they’re “waiting for a dip” but $GME is going to $1000 easily soon. I like the stock too and I think that trying to get in at $300 instead of $350 to save a couple bucks is retarded (not in the good way). You’re arguing over pennies but risking a jackpot. No one knows for sure when the inevitable short squeeze will trigger and you don’t want to be “waiting for a dip” when that happens. $480 boys WE’RE COMING FOR YOU                   I am a retard who likes the stock, this is not financial advice   Positions: 2450 shares  Edit: It’s not stopping at $1000. Just pointing out that $1000 is inevitable. My PT is $10k-$20k
Hear me out. Why I’m selling all my shares first thing Monday morning
I’m not.   We ride at dawn and hold!
GME holding strong, now dipping my toe into AMC -
It’s not over yet!! GME AMC
Could not have been more proud of all you retards and apes $SLV $GME $NOK $BB $AMC
There are too many comment questions about which brokerage to choose post-RH atrocity. Hopefully this helps.
I am a long time Fidelity customer and former Robinhood user. Back in December 2019 when I downloaded RH, I joined this band of retards called WSB and lurked.  Then in March when one of you suggested a call on an oil company, it was either FANG or SLB, I bought it, RH crashed, canceled it, the stock soared on better than expected earnings that week and I lost gain porn. That was the end of the road with me and RH.   I already had my IRA, my company’s 401k, two 529’s, and my wife’s rollover IRA (with her boyfriend as the beneficiary) with Fidelity. So I transferred my entire portfolio over to them (to avoid paying Uncle Sam tendies).  I highly suggest NOT transferring your portfolio until post-squeeze. Open a new brokerage account with Fidelity, fund it, and start trading ASAP.   Why Fidelity?  I have had no issues trading anything. I trade OTC’s, FOREX, secondary markets, after-hours, etc...  I’m enabled for L3 options as well.   Their customer service is outstanding. They also have fee-free index funds which are excellent for your wife’s boyfriend’s kids to learn trading.  I am not a financial advisor, I click buttons with reckless abandon, and stare at pics of u/DeepFuckingValue with diamond eyes.  Do as you please.   I’m not selling.
There is no "we"
Listen up you styrofoam-eating, paint-sniffing degens. Take a breath, get off of your Ass Blaster 4000, and go for a walk outside. There is no "we", but there  is  a ton of misinformation and fake posts out there with people talking about organizing and buying up other stock.  Don't contribute to that, because collusion is illegal.     Do   keep posting your gain porn, or how you walked in on your wife and her 6 boyfriends, and what brand of glue you like eating. Tell us stories about the time you were wearing your favorite walking helmet and saw a butterfly and accidentally killed it when you smashed it with a wooden hammer.   A guy lost all his money in gourd futures, and now I have a shrine to him in my home where I worship his stupidity.   Follow his example, and you could be my god     MANOS DIAMANTE.
This is why we have to stick it to them!!

What do you think Gamestop and Papa Cohen's next step will be?
When big daddy Ryan Cohen became a board member I doubt he thought his actions would cascade into a full on social movement. What would logically be his and gamestops next steps?   I imagine it would just be sit back and bask in all the free attention. But would it be logical for them to sell stock to raise capital for the future of Gamestop?   3824 shares. Not selling til $ !
So... Fidelity didn't approve my background check.
Apparently I had the bad taste to own a Buick in some alternate timeline from whence they drew their "fact" checks.  So now I am presented with postal mailing in a form, as my only option to use them.  That's at least a week out of approval, and, as you all know, that ain't worth it.  Whom should I use in lieu of Fidelity?   Much thanks.  I am both retarded and autistic and I really like this stock.
Why the whales are buying GME. A note on the allocation of the holdings of financial institutions concerning the Delta-Correlation of stocks with high short interest to stocks who are held by HF.
TLDR:   GME is the hedge for financial institutions.     Up to this point, I think it should be clear that HF are closing their longs in order to cover the shorts.  This means a decrease in stock price for other institutions aswell. Those institutions need to hedge that risk, but are restricted from buying puts. The only way for them to hedge is by buying stocks with a high short ratio, especially GME. Some of you might have noticed that GME is running the whole highly shorted market by now. Well thats your reason.   Therefore the argument that retail will run out of money or Robinhood will stop the GME run is not true.   What we are witnessing right now is the downfall of the Long/Short Portfolio  . Those shills at CNBC just don´t understand  why  GME is going up. It´s not a bubble and it´s not a mania.   I saw some posts about buying puts on SPY. First of all, that's pretty gay. Second, those smooth-brains don´t understand that   GME is the hedge against a possible downturn  .   Not financial advice.   Postion: 30 GME Stocks, FIZZ C200 2/19
My Position & GME Technical Analysis
1612050533
CITRON GIVES UP ON BEING A    THEIR POSITION IS STILL OPEN BUT NO MORE FUTURE SHORTS
Citron Research, one of the most prolific market manipulators is throwing in the towel after Reddit bent them over and squoze the fuck out of them. Their standard playbook has always been to take a naked short position in a company and use the media outlets to blast FUD.     I'm so fucking proud of you all. Fuck Citron and their bullshit market manipulation. If you wanna make money on a stock you have to do it without your friends at CNBC advertising your position to juice your gains. Fuck Citron and all the hedge funds that publish "research" AFTER taking a massive position.
How Robinhood Could Have Avoided Restricting Tickers
Robinhood Could Have Avoided Restrictions This Way  Ok so I just woke up and was doing my normal browsing here and I came across this article about the T+2 rule.   What is that?  Well thats when you make a trade, it takes 2 days after that for the funds to settle. Some brokers have a T+1 rule  Because of this, Robin the hood had to limit the amount of shares being sold because of increased Margin requirements up to 100%.   Now if I havent lost you I have easily already lost my original thought but heres my point.  WHY DO FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAKE SO LONG?   If we buy the stock with the money in our account thats legit there and ours, why isnt the full transaction from both ends cleared up in 1 day or hours?   Its starting to look like that (other trading thing I cant name cause its banned) could start to have some real life uses....   TLDR: FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS FROM STONK BROKERS TAKE TOO LONG TO SETTLE. CHANGE IT
It’s not manipulation! “The thing is not to be short stocks with 150% short interest”
Thank you WSB, you got my back
$GME - a glimpse from the other side of the trade
The reason I was even in on the $GME trade is because I believe equity analysts lack imagination. I've used the example of when NFLX shipped DVDs in the mail   to illustrate my view that people who have majored in Finance/Accounting are going to value a company by what it's traditionally done, and not by what it  could  do.  But as I watch the hundreds and hundreds of posts about $GME now I worry that   Reddit Retail   is now falling into the trap of lacking imagination.  So, think of the Spongebob "Imagination!" meme for a second and then follow along with me: if I were at a Short Hedge Fund that was still Short $GME I would flatten my position next week by completely bypassing the Stock Market.  The Institutional and Fund Holding rates of $GME is over 70%, which means that only around 20% of the float is free to trade when you discount Insiders. So since Short Hedge Funds need shares to unwind, the two places they can go are the stock market and Dark Pools.  Now if you don't know what Dark Pools are, you might want to pause and rethink sinking your entire life savings into meme stocks. Dark Pools are private exchanges set up for Funds to move massive amounts of stock invisibly and without causing volatility. A Fund Long $GME simply offers up a block of stock and Short Funds can bid on it. I suppose you can think of it as a private auction house for Billionaires.  Interestingly, because of all the attention   Reddit Retail   currently has, it's actually possible that Funds currently Long $GME will NOT be willing to bail out the Shorts via Dark Pools, because one anonymous whistleblower could cause a massive PR headache for the Long Fund. Funds that shorted $GME are currently being vilified (I personally see Shorts as being an important part of the financial ecosystem) and I'm not sure any Longs would want to be known as having bailed them out.  Currently Long: TSLA LLY MRNA PLTR AI
his name, is DFV
Don't let brokers rent out your shares, set sell limits orders!
Reworded a bit to be on the safe side, I recommend against this and I'm just sharing information.   As they are ‘on order’ they cannot be lent out by your broker and in turn you are reducing the amount of ‘free shares’ out there that can be used for shorting purposes. And don’t forget to move your limit order up when the price starts to recover, then, that way your shares can’t be shorted.  "your brokerage firm cannot lend out your stocks without your permission. However, you may have signed a customer agreement that explicitly allows your broker to lend out your securities. This clause is often tucked deep within the customer agreement, and few investors pay much attention to it. "  I personally see this as being wrong because the brokers are the one's using our shares profiting off of us because we apparently agreed to it in the fine print of a 500 page agreement.  Why do you think this "free" model works so well? You don't think Robinhood, Webull, Wealth Simple etc are lending your shares to shorts? Dig deep you'll find the "agreement".  Disclaimer:   I'm not a financial advisor, not trying to manipulate anything, just sharing some information, I'm not involved and I'm not responsible for what you do.
Bloomberg tries to assure you the hedge funds are doing fine.
Story here:    I'll write a longer post about why this is wrong, how the financial media's bias and spin is getting more obvious, and talk about what I'm hearing from the HF world later, but let me just say now this is comical horse shit. The hedge funds are not doing well. Steve Cohen rage quit Twitter for fucks sake. No, their trades aren't working again, despite what Bloomberg said.  Tldr
What about the biggest naked short of them all, the collapse of Lehman Brothers, which ruined the lives of tens of millions, while Lehman may still rise from the ashes in 2021, and of which the Lehman CT Preferred Shares are still trading since 2008 and may be still heavily shorted?
Disclosure:      Long:      334010          10600      What about the biggest  ?    , and shorts may not have covered.   On 1/26/2021 there was a 2X increase in 3 month average volume across all CTs with rise in price.    On 1/27/2021 there was a 4X increase in 3 month avg volume across all CTs.   Some news may be coming up or someone knows something.  #     # From the above article, $170000 of shorter funds is still blocked for 68013 shares, giving the bankrupt shorted Lehman shares a value of almost $   Lehman may reemerge from Bankruptcy this year with 50 billion dollars in net operating losses (NOLS) that can be purchased by big boys to set off their potential profits.   Also Lehman CTs pay a 6% dividend (on a face value of $25/share equivalent to at least $  share/dividend) as per prospectus agreements which has been suspended due to bankruptcy proceedings  The clue that Lehman may reemerge from the ashes are:  · The preservation of the NOL of $50 billion  · The   cash back   · And the most recent clue is when they announce the dividend and ongoing business in UK.  Lehman Brothers may soon rise from its ashes in 2021.   In 2008 it was estimated to recover only 36 Billion, and as of date it has    It holds net operating losses NOL of $ 50 billion and potential NOLS of $150 billion that make it a prime acquisition target when it reemerges.  # The best part of these NOLS is that according to IRS rules, existing Lehman shareholders must be majority owners of the company when they reemerge for them to continue to retain the tax benefits of the NOLS.  The potential $150 billion in NOLS can be written against their potential profits off by companies that acquire these NOLS upto 2028 . Only the big boys will be interested in such a large amount of NOLs and these NOLS could be worth billions of dollars.  This could finally be our jackpot after waiting for 12 years. Most of Lehman shares are in one big share OBS (escrow) and dont trade. Only the  .  The most   where you can do your own DD.
Steve Cohen deleted his Twitter and now Mets fans are tweaking balls     HOLD
It's likely going to take a constant stream of excited buyers to keep the GameStop, AMC rally   let's just prevent the buying part
GME: The Technicals (The Next Leg Up???)
For anyone wondering if this is the top for GME and is thinking about closing out positions, this is for you...  First of all, congrats it you got in early and are still holding!  I did some quick technicals on GME to figure out where we "might" be going and if you though the top was in, I would urge you to have a quick look at    As you can see, GME is in consolidation a very well defined Bull Flag which by these technicals should be breaking out of sometime this next week.  If we apply Eliot Curve thesis to this, we are currently in the B wave of the A-B-C pattern.  The way these typically play out is by applying the A wave to the end of the B wave, which should give us an idea of how big the next move will be (the C wave).  By these technicals, I'm showing the next move up should put GME around $650-$700.    Disclaimer:    Sadly I hold no position in GME, I was too late and now lack the capital to be a part of this, but wanted to share this with everyone to both get constructive feedback, but also to help calm any nerves should any Toilet Paper handed bitches who might be thinking about selling next week.  Good luck you beautiful retards, I love you all !!!
Too Pig to Fail or who's on the other side of a trade?
First of all, this is not a financial advice, you know the deal.  .  Thousands of $GME enthusiasts from all around the globe bought shares of the company they like. I always thought this was the core principal of a free market - you like some company (for any reason you can name), you buy it's shares, this company gets additional capital to finance it's development/operations/research/etc which results in the consumer receiving better goods/services provided by given company, this company appreciates in value, you as an investor profit off of it, everyone's happy.  But there's always someone on the other side of every bet, remember? It seems like that   someone   is quite unhappy with the   commons   taking away their tendies and beating them fair and square at their own game. Probably you have seen media  talking heads advocating for ultra wealthy and blaming it all on the retail trader  (which is absurd by any definition, but they simply don't care - they're doing their job which they are payed for).  You've also probably heard their thesis that everything's about to go under and blah blah blah if commons don't surrender. Which is interesting by itself, so will  everything and everyone  indeed go under or just some  financial institutions that are on the losing side of the bet ? Probably the latter.  So here's the question (which is not a financial advice by any means, I'm just exercising my right for freedom of speech and voicing my opinion here):  what will happen to the share prices of those financial institutions that took the losing side of the bet and are bleeding money in billions already ? How will their next quarterlies look like? What if   commons took their capital away from these institutions by shorting enemy stock and channeled it to the company they liked and believed in  ?    TL;DR  :  the opponent on the other side of the $GME bet is losing and is heavily exposed to the market at the moment, is in great need of capital influx to cover his losing positions, which itself opens up an opportunity to short him and make money on a side bet.   Edit: added screenshots of charts in question.
$GME changed my life :-)
We are shareholders of the company GME, as shareholders, we are allowed to discuss the price we want to sell at.
Everyone is trying to scare us about not organizing and figuring out what to do next, they are trying to scare us into selling, they are trying to scare us into not talking about what to do next, but we are shareholders, therefore we are allowed to talk about whatever we want; we literally own a piece of the same thing and as shareholders if we are not allowed to talk about what we should do with the company we own then they win, they effectively will control the free market, so yes we should agree on a price, or at least discuss what we should do with the company and how to turn it around because we are shareholders and we want to see this company succeed.  Edit: I'm seeing good ideas here, let's keep the discussion going and agree as a community on our next steps; and let's not be greedy, we are better than   them.  Edit 2: we need to get in touch with GME to have an official shareholders meeting, then we can decide what price to sell at.
There is someone selling a GameStop sign near me. Problem is he says no Holds, so I’m out!
News Behind The News On GME
I keep seeing this notion that all these billionaires and other hedge funds that keep driving the narrative that we are dumb is because they care about GME. Dont get propagandized this is the real reason why they are terrified of us.  Hedge funds don't get unlimited money they dont got papa jpow's printer (yet). How do they raise money? By showing good returns and getting investors. So the hedge fund goes out there and tells all the millionaires that hey we can give you 10% returns on these regardless of market conditions and we are the only ones who can do it since we are oh so smart. Then we come along and we flip the script. By now, every single millionaire around the world has heard about GME and what we have done. Melvin was the poster child of hedge fund, their messiah of just how "smart" they are and they paraded them to show why hedge funds are the only way to make money. And we are taking them down without barely lifting a finger.  This is what scares them. The rest of the hedge funds dont give a shit about Melvin capital losing billions, less competition for them! But by now they have gotten calls from every one of their investor and realized these guys are just as stupid as my 10 year old why do I need them in the first place? Is all the research and analyst calls and all just for me to buy into this scheme? If enough people pull their investments from them and put it into indices THEY ARE FUCKED. Hedge funds only have power because of their collective bargaining of their investors. Once you chip away that power they are just glorified wsb users. Hedge funds fight other hedge funds every single fucking day and it barely registers on the news anymore but this is a direct attack on their way of doing business and that's why you are seeing  monumental amount of hedge fund apologists coming out to attack us.  TLDR: I am neither your dad (maybe) nor you financial advisor. Hedge funds are scared because we are attacking their bottom line. All I want to see is Melvin capital go bankrupt and this scam exposed for the world to see.   EDIT:                   GME
Words to live by: $GME & $AMC holders..
Remember to have fun with your money personally (cars, houses, future investing).  But REMEMBER to have the most fun with your money by giving it away and back to the communities that got you to where you could be today. (Small amounts count and mean the world to others when they think their world is crashing).  Everything had to line up in the world sequentially for all of this to happen for you.  I am a firm believer that the more you can make an impact with your money - the more happier and fun your life will become. You don't have to give away thousands or millions regularly. Go to Walmart and pay off a layaway. Pay for the food for the person behind you. Be a good person. Make the difference.  Understand that as fast as you aquired this money, is as fast as it can disappear if you don't put some away. (hence the billionaires panicking).  Also, don't forget to support the businesses you cashed in on. This is pretty much a once in a lifetime to save your country post-pandemic from decline of past lifestyle hobbies.  To the abroad investors, thank you for having the back of the world - in order to hopefully reform the free market and free world for what it should be.  This should show you that the world is not as bad as politics or the news may try to make it out to be. We are hand in hand when it counts.  BECOME THE ACTUALLY ROBINHOOD OF THIS TIME. GIVE BACK WHEN BILLIONS AROUND THE GLOBE ARE SUFFERING BECAUSE OF COVID-19 AND OTHER REASONS.  Signi-- Blasting off!!          TLDR; I like the stocks, thank you for the efforts, and give back to those below you.
I have a theory... hear me out $BB may have showed their cards
$BBelievers🤘👨‍ 🤘 checking in.   I keep asking myself...   Why the fuck was $BB limited too, they fucking got caught shorting   which is huge, that's full partnership all the way to market in a car manufacturer huge.  They lost and used $GMEs momentum to halt it and hide, then short ladder attacked it all week (in the literal matching pattern of GME and AMC)  You know how fucking hard that is to stop when they limited a $15(was $27) to 5 shares?  &nbsp;   By slowing $BB I theorize they may have showed more of their cards than you think ....  hear me out.       Theory:     They run algos as a hedge "group" however many invested in and benefit from the trade data of retail (let's call them dipshits)   Dipshits found an algo that has been printing free money for years, simple. Every play you see retail doing, wait until I hits certain metrics and short the fuck out of it to collect paychecks.    Problem being: these moved faster than dipshits algo could ge recognize so it saw more sentiment and went for more shorts.   and they don't have an off button   So combine that with the bots spamming social media (that their algos monitor for plays) and dipshits were getting metrics readouts that said free money here.   So they asked for $  billion more to put on it.   Dipshits iterally only have one play, to wait until a group gets excited and then short the stock for your money -    and it's not fucking working    so they stopped the game to try to turn it off (notice they still bought more short positions this week)  The $BB short position was only 7% shorts, so by their volatility definition it doesn't apply(so again why stop trade).... but it's now 9% shorted  after that news?!?      TLDR:     🤡Bad programming, no one competent enough to fix it. 🤡  They stuck and would rather eat fines than have to admit that's their short stack of cards.
Class action lawsuit for GME/AMC/BB
The Brokers and clearing houses fucked up and we had to pay for it! They also opened another attack vector for us to fight against the elites! Lawsuits! Found one of the law firms filing a class action (link below)  Ask them about other securities that were locked out of trades too.  From the article:  Whistleblowers: Persons with non-public information should consider  their options to help in the investigation or take advantage of the SEC  Whistleblower program. Under the new program, whistleblowers who provide  original information may receive rewards totaling up to 30 percent of  any successful recovery made by the SEC. For more information, call Reed  Kathrein at 844-916-0895 or email  .
Time to watch The Big Short is now, we are Brownfield Capital
Edit: I put "we" in the title, this is a typo. There is no we here   (This is not financial advice and I an not a financial advisor, I assume no responsibility for others choices and actions)    To start, this is FUD, but not for any particular stock. This is FUD pertaining to the entire financial system. Folks, this truly is the endgame. The amount of attention we and GME have received, the amount of eyes glued to what's being played out here and with the market is absolutely mind-blowing. And it happening for a reason        The complete collapse of financial markets is upon us       Retail investors, (not wsb, there is no we here) are Frontpoint, they are Scion Capital, they are Brownfield. They aim to benefit from the collapse.         Lives will be destroyed, and it's not just the rich that will suffer       If this squeeze happens, and you find yourself on the profit side of the trade, prepare yourself for actual war. They will attack you, they will attack everything they can. They can freeze accounts, they can shut down this subreddit, they can send people to jail. And you best believe they will.  Don't think you'll have much to worry cause you'll just ride off into the sunset with all of your tendies? Lawyers cost a lot of money. Bank accounts can be frozen. Your money might not even make it to you if your broker goes under.         (TLDR) What I am saying is, Make appropriate choices and please be mindful on how you post online. The rest of your life might just depend on it.         (This is not financial advice and I an not a financial advisor, I assume no responsibility for others choices and actions)
SQUEEZE explained
GME Short Squeeze: Act II
Good day, fellow retards.  We are entering a new stage of the short squeeze.  It’s apparent by now that it’s not playing out like the VW short squeeze because the setup was so long and out in the open.  Hedge funds had time to collude and plan how they’re going to deal with the fallout.  As we saw last week, they came up with some clever fuckery.     For a recap, here are some tactics we saw from them:  \-  Short attacks driving the price down, triggering stop loss sells and trading halts.  \-  Spreading the word through the media that they had already closed their short positions  \-  Putting pressure on brokers to limit buying of GME and killing the buy side of the trade, making it easier to drive the price down.  \-  Low volume ladder attacks to drive the price down and forcing out paper hands.     We held strong, guys and gals.  We closed Friday just a few dollars shy of the highest closing price on Wednesday.  But now the real trench warfare begins.  Melvin told CNBC that they closed out their short positions.  I have a theory that this may not be technically false, with a caveat.  I think it’s very possible that Hedgies have closed out their ORIGINAL short positions, but they’ve been replaced with new short positions.  These guys are not going to lose billions of dollars lying down, so they must have their own end game for how to get out of the trade alive, and perhaps even make a profit.  If GME was a tasty short target at $15, imagine how irresistible it is at $320.  These fuckers lost their shirts on the original trade, but they see an opportunity to make it back on this new trade by repositioning their old shorts from the $15 to new shorts in the $200-300s.     How can we know this is likely true?:  \-  The short interest has fluctuated, so we know there has been some covering  \-  The short interest has remained high, somewhere around 100% or above  \-  There have been short attacks in $100s, $200s, and $300s, so we know there are new short positions at those levels.  \-  Hedge funds are cocky assholes and they’ll do anything to turn a losing trade into a winning one, and if it fucks over the little guy to scare them back to submission, all the better.     So basically, nothing has changed.  This is still a short squeeze play, just with much higher stakes.  We have the advantage however, because it doesn’t cost us anything to hold onto our shares, whereas it’s costing Hedgies billions of dollars to hold out.  We will know we are winning next week if we continue to see more de-grossing in the broader market.  If we can hold out, we can take this to the next leg up, ACT III, and eventually the end game.  TLDR:               Edit:  Positions: I own Shares  Disclaimer: I am not a professional. This is not a recommendation.
I woke up like this should I be concerned? 🤲
Good read for anyone who is new
Guys its so sad, he probably had to sell one of his yachts
I like AMC. Here's why...
Listen you autists, sit the fuck down and let me explain to you why I like this stock. If you're already sitting down then stand up, now sit back down.   First off,  fuck your bitch and the clique you claim , when I watch a movie I want to see it on a massive 70+ FOOT screen. You think I want to watch a gem like Frozen 2 on small bitch ass 60 inch TV screen with shitty ass TV speakers? No. I WANT THAT FUCKING BASS REVERBERATING THROUGH MY TESTIES AND IT TICKLE MY ANUS. Thats some good shit. I ain't getting this shit at home. My wife doesn't like losers who watch movies on small ass TV screens. That's why she's with her boyfriend right now.   Secondly, I don't have a fucking fountain soda machine in my house. Im a poor retard who is trying to make a living like Steve Cohen. Nothing is better then sippin' that sweet carbonated nectar with a big fat bin of popcorn or a god damn pretzel. I also don't have an arcade section to kill time. SOME EVEN HAVE BARS.   Thirdly, this shit is 13$ right now. Severely under valued.    Its not the company's fault that shit stains suppressed this stock for years and prevented further growth. Its not the company's fault that covid fucked its business right in the ass.   But guess what, we have vaccines now! Covid is far from over but its only a matter of time until our wives respect us by watching   Man on big ass fucking screens like we   are supposed to.   They are embracing streaming like the chads they are:     Chicago is opening up more theaters and as restrictions are lessened more will open up:      They cut into their debt which means NO BANKRUPTCY!     This is a 40$ stock, at the very least and when they're clicking on all cylinders it can go even FURTHER BEYOND. It will take time to get there but this is a no brainer hold!  Position: 1k shares, avg $    TLDR: I like this stock. I like watching movies in the theater.             🪐⭐   🤝💪
Explaining Robinhood’s Fuckup
TLDR: They ran out of cash and can’t use customer cash as collateral. Brokers that had more collateral were not affected or were not affected to the same degree.    Edit: This is an explanation not a defense.  Fuck them. They didn’t explain that they fucked up and basically got margin called. I didn’t use them but if I did I would have changed brokers instantly.  The reason this is important is not just because of GME but because it happened to many brokerages and that means there is liquidity stress in the market right now.    Article from the FT:  The crucial role played by clearing houses in financial markets has been thrust into the spotlight after contentious moves by US brokers such as Robinhood and Charles Schwab to restrict retail investors’ bets on stocks at the heart of the Reddit-fuelled trading boom.  Customers reacted angrily on Thursday as brokers moved to stop them opening new positions in certain red-hot stocks, accusing them of unfair treatment or even a Wall Street establishment plot. But the brokers gave a more mundane explanation: the extra volatility in share prices meant they had to hold more capital at the institutions that clear their trades.  What do clearing houses do? These unobtrusive venues normally sit in the background of daily market activity but they can become the centre of attention during periods of volatility when they require more cash — or “margin” — from their members to ensure that deals are honoured as customers expect.  An equities trade that has been executed can take up to two days to be legally settled, creating a risk of it failing if either side of the trade defaults. A clearing house stands between the two sides to manage the risk to the market if that happens.  Each day members of the clearing house, which range from small brokers like Robinhood to big Wall Street banks such as JPMorgan and Citigroup, are required to put up margin as insurance for their trades.  The amount is calculated by the clearing house and is based on the amount of trading carried out by each member, as well as the volatility of the individual securities traded. Margin is generally collected at the start of the trading day, although there can be intraday calls in frenzied periods, in an attempt to protect the wider market from sudden trade failures.  The clearing member often has limited time to make up the shortfall and the margin typically has to be an asset that is highly liquid, such as cash, US government bonds or shares. In the middle of the market volatility last March, one US bank was required to find $  of margin for derivatives trades within an hour.  How do brokers such as Robinhood fit into this? In common with rivals such as Schwab and ETrade, Robinhood clears its own trades and is a member of the main US equities clearing house, run by DTCC.  While self-clearing saves on the fees that would otherwise go to another clearing broker, it also means Robinhood takes on the risk that an executed trade does not settle, and needs to have more cash on hand to cover shortfalls. It also faces higher costs if the clearing house raises margin requirements in volatile periods to protect against a member default.   “The extreme volatility is a big factor behind this,” said Andy Nybo, managing director at Burton-Taylor International Consulting. “They need to make sure they are able to meet cash requirements, whether it is for clearing or to investors that are owed money due to trading activity.”  As Robinhood said in a blog post on Thursday, the requirements “can be substantial in the current environment.” It declined to comment further.  Between Wednesday and Thursday, the margin call from DTCC across the US equities market rose from $26bn to $ , the clearing house confirmed.  DTCC said the frenzied trading in shares such as GameStop and AMC Entertainment “generated substantial risk exposures at firms that clear these trades . . . particularly if the clearing member or its clients are predominantly on one side of the market.”  How did brokers respond? Safety mechanisms built into the market’s infrastructure across Wall Street led to periodic halts in trading activity on Thursday. In order to ensure they had enough money to cover margin and capital requirements, Robinhood and others such as Schwab and TD Ameritrade raised margin for trading on some of the names at the heart of the volatility, which required more cash be set aside after each trade.  This limited its margin needs from escalating further. By allowing users to close positions, it was still permitting trades that would reduce its immediate need for cash.  Robinhood also raised the margin requirements for customers that had not paid for the total value of their trading up front, having cut its margin requirements in December in an attempt to drive more trading activity. That meant some customers suddenly needed to come up with cash to cover trades.  Behind the scenes, Robinhood moved to raise a fresh $1bn in capital from its existing investors, which it announced ahead of trading on Friday. The company said the fundraising was a “strong sign of confidence from investors that will help us continue to further serve our customers”.  Anthony Denier, chief executive of Webull, another company that was forced to restrict trading in some shares, said in an interview with Yahoo Finance that its clearing firm “simply could not afford” the cost of entering into new trades.  “This has nothing to do with a decision or some sort of closed, cigar smoke filled room of Wall Street firms getting together to the dismay of the retail trader,” he said.  ————————- Simpler Explanation from Comments  ————————  RH and other similar execution firms have to post collateral with the DTCC every time a position is opened. This collateral is to protect the DTCC in the event of the market moving against the position between the time of execution and the time the trade settles (T+2) AND the execution firm failing to settle the trade by being unable to come up with the cash (in the case of a purchase) or the shares (in the case of a sale).   When a share is particularly volatile, the DTCC will up the collateral requirements it imposes on both buyer and seller. When the trade does finally settle the collateral is returned.  RH and other execution firms are prohibited from using client funds for this purpose, which must remain in a segregated account until settlement is finalised. Even if RH decline to allow margin trading on certain volatile stocks, insisting that buyers stump up the full purchase price, this money cannot be used for the 2 day period when RH has to post collateral. If RH executed a sell order during this period, that would reduce DTCC's risk and allow it to return collateral to RH rather than ask for more. This collateral could be re-used by RH, allowing it to make another purchase on behalf of a client. This is why RH could accept sell orders nut not buy orders periodically. Once it had executed enough sell orders, which freed up collateral, it could then offer to accept buy orders, until the collateral ran out again. This is why the blocks on buy orders were periodic - they hit their collateral limit, so stopped accepting buy orders. They executed sell orders which freed up collateral (and collateral was returned as trades settled), allowing them to offer buy orders agin, until the collateral limit was hit again, when they had to once again suspend buy orders. etc etc  And ran out, it did. RH's business model is based on a steady stream of small orders on both the buy sand sell side. If it is executing both buys and sells consistently over time, as far as DTCC is concerned it has very little risk to RH so doesn't need to ask for much collateral to be posted. Hence RH had never planned for a situation where it would be asked to post large quantities of collateral (potentially $billions).  So, it ran out of collateral that it would need to post for buy orders, but sell orders would free up collateral. It arranged a convertible bond issue with existing shareholders that raised $500m immediately, and hopefully another $500m in a few days and it drew down on a loan facility it had with its banks. But still not enough.   The issue RH (and others experienced) is the ridiculously long time it still takes to settle trades (it could be more or less immediate) and the rules that prevent it using client funds as collateral (if settlement was immediate, the client funds wouldn't remain in the segregated account, but would be used immediately to settle the trade).  But it is what it is. If RH wants to execute trades it has to be able to put up the collateral. If it doesn't have the collateral, it can't execute trades (at least the trades that require collateral). But the wider market remained open. Anyone could buy or sell shares at all times. They just needed to put up the collateral themselves for the 2 day settlement period, or find someone who would do so on their behalf.  Edit:
Texas attorney general probes GameStop trade curbs from Robinhood, others
Word to the wise on talking about your positions
People that have been around here for years will be able to corroborate an important point for newcomers. There is a lot of frenzy and hype about GME. And if you’re along for the ride congrats. It’s easy for it to be all consuming and you’ll want to talk about it with everyone. Just be restrained in your discussions, when a lot of $ is involved it can affect relationships permanently or the way people look at you. You’ll feel like you’re in some secret club coming to WSB read some posts and feel like an expert trader. Word from the wise, just keep it to yourself or talk about it in very restrained manner depending on the audience. You’ve seen the hedgies will do anything to stop us so there is a good chance this won’t work out the way you expect it too either and when that happens people will think back and say wow he was just a shill after all.   Be careful and good luck
This is why we don’t listen to Cramer
The GME Short Squeeze Factor No One Is Talking About
It seems that the media, brokers, hedge funds, and all those involved are suggesting doom to the economy if the squeeze was to happen. The economy might take a hit, that is true, but it won't end with the economy collapsing as we know it.   The problem is that hedge funds are facing unlimited loss, and may be forced to buy at any price us   ask for.  #HOWEVER   At some point, as has happened to pretty much all short squeezes,   ##Gamestop will offer shares to the shorts at some point.    They already have a 100m dollar offer lined up, but they could easily offer more. Why would they do this? Because it would make them a fuck ton of money.   At the end of the day, Gamestop is a business. They are in the midst of a huge transition, and the ability to clear debt and have more cash on hand during this time would be life changing money for this company. AMC did it this past week, it happened during the VW squeeze when Porsche offered stock and made a fortune. Gamestop will likely do the same thing. They'd be absolutely stupid not too.    What does this mean? Well, it means that your 69420 per share probably isn't going to happen, but I still expect a big ol squeeze is in the works. Just be prepared for this type of announcement, and when the dust settles let's make sure we continue to support the company.   I am retarded, this is not financial advice.  Obligatory                                                                                    HOLD THE LINE   HANDS
Unpopular opinion: The events that unraveled this week were good for the retail investor
TL;DR: Retail investors got a voice and the world saw the plain-view illegal acts of some brokerages/investment firms  Before, the shady activity of the brokerages was hidden from the general public. They were able to manipulate the markets all they wanted and get away with it because the "commoners" didn't care or understand.   Now, with millions of retain investors that flooded the market, a shift in "market influence" in favor of smaller, amateur traders. And the gargantuan, amorphous investment firms didn't like that at all.   It has become a battle of market influence, and the hedge funds and brokerages with massive amounts of capital are doing WHATEVER IT TAKES (illegal or not) to make sure that they retain that authority that they previously held for so many years. (flooding certain stocks with short positions, disabling certain stocks)  But with investment firms taking blatant illegal action to accomplish their goals, their shady activity has been revealed for the world to see and it seem as of now, that the general public, as well as some democrat lawmakers have taken an interest to them. (It also shows how corrupt the SEC is with them taking their sweet time to decide which side they want to be on)  Hopefully through this incident, the integrity of the US markets can be improved with dishonest brokerages being dissolved. (I think it is wishful thinking that market makers such as Citadel could be dissolved, considering the HUGE number of brokerages with reliance to the company)
What is going to happen long/mid term with these hot stocks:
Alright, anyone who has been in school has had to study up trending charts and make a prediction and what would happen. Well WSB has been up trending especially this past week. We grew like 4 million people in this past week alone which leads me thinking it’s gonna be at least 9 million people next week. If we keep making the news and stop market manipulation from Robinhood, SEC and hedge funds, we can fuel an even stronger surge in these stocks. The market as a whole is red and it’s due to us. Let’s stay strong and keep buying and HOLDING. GME, BB, NOK, AMC
Unpopular Opinon:There is always a next GME
Although GME was unique in the extent of the short squeeze and newfound meme interest in the stock, it's stupid to say there's no more opportunities to 10x+ in stocks.  Literally just this past week KOSS, NAKD and others pulled GME like moves in just a few days (I'm not advocatng for them or saying you should buy). And TSLA was that opportunity a few months ago.  If you buy stocks in good companies you like and believe in that are undervalued, there will always be 10x+ opportunities.  Disclaimer: Not a financial advisor and this is not financial advice. I just buy stocks I like: $GME $BERY $AMC  Tldr: Buy good undervalued stocks you like. I like: $GME $BERY $AMC
Vlad doesn’t want the word “criminal” associated with him or his wife left him. Either way, I’m here for it.
$GME LAUNCH !! WE GOING TO SPACE ON MONDAY!!!
So Tired of being manipulated and will not take it anymore
I am so tired of this manipulation by all the printed articles, media and their talking heads, Analysis with their bullshit buy and sell signals causing the average person to lose so much money while these big funds just rake it in. I am not taking it anymore ....... Seriously I am fucking done  Yesterday I started looking over everything I have sold the last 20 years. NVDA at 120 due to the Citron short, AAPL 90 pre split due to all the sell side analysis saying over extended, over priced, and the list just goes on and on. ISRG which was one of my favorites of all time I sold at 18. Now they limit the amount of shares I can buy in a company. I realize this has been talked about non stop on this sub, but I am going to actually start doing something about it.  Starting on Monday I am going to liquidate my 401k and every other stock I have besides GME (500k). I don't care if this market moons or falls apart, but I want change. Change so these giant funds can't manipulate the market the way they want. Change so that the playing field is leveled and I am not going back until this happens. Maybe if enough people really start to pull out we can finally start sending a real message.  In regards to GME I like the stock, and going forward I want to buy more. If I die on this hill then so be it, but it's the last time I get manipulated.             In addition I have money going to brokerages that can't restrict what I buy. It will be there on Monday  Edit 1: I am not cashing out my 401k to stick it into GME. I am cashing out and letting it sit in a money market for a while. Same with all my other accounts. No I am not going to withdraw my 401k just let it sit in a money market for a while.        Position include GME, UNP, APPL, LMT, UNH and all sorts of 2030, 2040 funds in my 401k. More accounts elsewhere and I am not posting my 401k. Shoot also a little CLF, MU and other shit I forgot about. Selling all except GME Monday     Here is a screenshot of AAPL. Sold out at 90 and left only handful of shares. Article after article with sell analysis came out saying over valued ect and got weak hands, however it's all manipulation tactics
Retail Investors take down The Market circa 2021 Marvel Style:
Thursday morning the entire market was on the brink of another financial crisis.
For many of you reading this you may not understand what truly happened Thursday morning. We were on the brink of a Bear Stearns moment. Basically, these funds were so leveraged that many of them were blowing up, and it threatened to take down the entire market with it.  &nbsp;   TLDR; Had the "FREE MARKET" remained free this would have caused a massive systemic crash due to forced deleveraging of hedge funds.  &nbsp;    Understanding Leverage:    Many people don't quite understand the game that goes on between these big funds and the market. These big hedge funds are leveraged up so say Melvin Capital has 12 Billion in AUM (Assets under management) they are likely leveraged up 5-10x meaning they actually own stock positions worth 60-120 Billion. If enough hedge funds blow up at once, the whole system collapses because they are forced to sell longs and deleverage. This is what happened in 2008, and these guys saw it happening again.  &nbsp;    The entire market was at systemic risk.     They had no out so they changed the game. The clearing firms, and Depository Trust Company suddenly changed the entire margin requirements for every "meme" stock. Basically when you buy a stock normally your broker has to give a clearing firm 2% of the collateral of the stock price, and the trade is matched with a seller/buyer and sent to a firm like DFT who then records you as the new owner of that share of stock.  &nbsp;     Changing collateral requirements suddenly     Well guess what they changed the collateral requirement to 100% yes you are correct they changed it to   100%  . This FORCED many brokers to not allow buys on the stock. This is the true culprit behind whats going on.    The Citadel    was at risk of blowing up which means big banks like JP Morgan and Goldman Sachs were gonna take heavy losses. This would cause a massive market pullback probably between 15-20%. They COULD NOT let this happen. You think President Biden wants to watch the stock market blow up on his second week in office?  &nbsp;    A coordinated attack on retail investors:    I have never ever seen the level of manipulation that existed on Thursday and Friday. These funds are all on the brink of collapse so they cut off access to over 95% of the people from buying, and forced sells or hit stop losses on every single open position. Interactive Brokers HAD been my broker for many years, and I had promoted them for ages. Watching their Chairman Thomas Peterffy say we will stop trading UNTIL these stocks return to a reasonable price angered me to my core. You run a broker firm YOU DO NOT DECIDE THE PRICE OF A STOCK PERIOD. This was a coordinated takedown of the young retail investor who was on the verge of a HUGE win.  &nbsp;     Where stocks would have ended the week causing a market blowup:    So what is the real price these meme stocks would have ended up at you ask.  $GME 1000   $BB    50   $AMC  30   $NOK  12  &nbsp;  Disclaimer: I am not a financial advisor. Just a man who has worked in and around the industry for over a decade with a lot of experience about what goes on behind the scenes.
Edward Jones will not let you buy.
I personally manage my IRA with Edward Jones (I know my fees are too high).   I select the stocks and my broker makes the trades.  I have had to sign several forms over the years stating what I'm doing is reckless and full of risk.  I call them ( I'm a fuckin retard form).  Even though I'm up 327%.  So when RH starts sucking Citadel's aids invested dick, I rush to Edward Jones to liquidate my PLTR & TSLA to put into GME.  BIG FAT FUCKIN NO!  EDWARD FUCKIN JONES WOULD ONLY LET ME SELL.  There company policy is to LIMIT it's clients exposure to GME.  FOR MY SAFETY.  COCK SUCKING WHORES.   This week has been historic.  We've learned who is with us and who is against.  My whole financial world has been flipped upside down.  Time to move everything to Fidelity after this play.
Open letter to the SEC about why this is rational investors in a free market and not collusion.
Through the free spread of information, many investors who understand how shorting works and know the history of the VW squeeze of 2008, were able to inform many other investors that GME had a very similar setup to the VW squeeze of 2008 (its worse but that’s not relevant). This sharing of information is not illegal or any type of market manipulation, since it is all true to the best of our knowledge at the time the statements were made (the data we can access says the short interest has been over 100% of the float for a long time now). It is not illegal for one investor to inform another investor about truthful (or perceived truthful) information.   From there, many investors simultaneously made the decision that it was in their best interest financially to buy GME stock in the hopes of triggering a VW like squeeze.   Example: when this hit mainstream news, a friend called me and said “explain short squeezes like I am five and why GME has the potential to be one”. So I (a semi-experienced investor) did so to the best of my ability, whilst disclosing that I am currently holding GME shares. This individual then made his OWN decision to invest a significant portion of his portfolio hoping to at least double his money.   We have also spread the information that, the less people sell, the worse position that puts the short sellers of this stock into trouble. From there, people have made their own decisions. Those of us that think enough people will hold to trigger a larger squeeze are holding while some people have sold thinking the squeeze was already over.   Again, we are not colluding in secret to agree to buy/hold a certain amount of shares together. No one knows how many GME shares we (the retail investors discussing this) collectively own. We are just spreading information about what CAN happen if investors behave in a certain way and people are rationally choosing simultaneously hold/buy from there, which appears like collusion.  Edit: disclaimer that I still hold GameStop shares.  Edit2: Someone pointed out that my use of “collectively” in the second paragraph does not effectively communicate my message. I have updated to say “simultaneously” instead as that was my original intent.  Edit3: I am not a spokesman for this subreddit. I am just a normal member of this community.
Why meme investing should be considered a religion
As we hold this weekend, I thought it would be good to remind some of us why we choose to walk the righteous path to sovereignty and triumph, and why our cause is justifiable as holy:  1. We worship at the feet of gods larger than men (u/deepfuckingvalue) and ask for their guidance when going gets tough  2. We congregate in the same place every day (r/wallstreetbets) to worship and to spend time with those who share our beliefs  3. We commit sins (selling) and are forgiven by those who see through our paper hands to the strength within to overcome and rectify our sins (buy the mf dip)  4. We believe in a righteous cause and go to war to protect our beliefs and fight for what we believe is right (down with the hedgies)  5. We follow a strict set of commandments in order to stride the path to enlightenment (like the stock, hold, buy dips, inform the newbies, downvote bots)   6. We love and support one another and welcome those who choose to walk the righteous path   This is more than just a meme, its a way of life.  Apes strong together!   Edit: no sec I'm not trying to get tax exemption on trading, only like stock
#boycottRobinhood: don't let thu&fri be forgotten
Robinhood activated paid ads for Reddit with a fancy title "What happened this week" to try to clean their image.  Rest assured, they are losing thousands of customers who are migrating their accounts after what happened this week.     Don't fall for this sweet talk. Never forget the restriction. They must be held accountable for the actions undertaken over the last days.     \#boycottRobinhood     I'm just a retard, this is not financial advice and someone fetch me a helmet.   Edit: Violence is not an option. Exercise your consumer rights by not using this broker and switching to a more customer-friendly option. Imo, base your option on last week's stance, transparency, and actions.
Robinhood is the sacrificial lamb, and it always was.
Events in chronological order:  1. Create Robinhood app to get a lot of fresh money into the market, and blatantly use the data on that fresh money to always stay ahead of those lowly 'retail' traders  1. That creates a class divide in the market that is easy to discern because it's largely just people on robinhood. at least enough to use to manipulate the market  1. Due to this easy divide, the hegies ensure the game already has fail-safes they can use to minimize their risk in a situation where they are squeezed.   1. (here's the fun one) When the tits on their scheme do in fact go up and they get squeezed, they create a single very bad actor to put all the blame on. Robinhood can't be subject to regulatory actions if they are already bankrupt from class action suits. or vice versa. Robinhood was enough of those lowly 'retail' investors that they could use it to manipulate the market with it and then sacrifice that one company and still get off.     You have to wonder how much of that was always the plan. Was robinhood always nothing more than a setup to take our money and protect them from being squeezed?   and if you notice my use of quotes on the 'retail' investors- it's because im fucking sick of hearing boomer outlets call us that. We are fucking investors just like the people who work on wall street. is our money not green?
Welcome to the Endgame.
No, retards, it's not about sending a message - It IS about making money
I don't know about you - but I'm not here to fuck the system. I'm here to fuck up my finances.     GME hit our price target of    I sold. I took my money and I'm looking for my next play.  The market is rigged - we always knew that. The hedge funds will push the price whichever way they please.  If they push it up to 4000 (or whatever the new price target is) then for fucks sake sell, don't decide you want it to go up to 40,000 - take your money (directly to the lambo dealership/your wifes boyfriend for "safekeeping"/your next retarded options play).     Since when was this place about occupying wall street? Fuck that, I want to occupy a lambo on a yacht on a private island.     TLDR: Fuck AOC. Fuck Ted Cruz. Fuck you.  Edit: So many fucks from /u/LateStageCapitalism who think diamond hands means holding forever. No, diamond hands means holding until you get to your price target, and then sticking to your fucking plan and selling!
Not only do I like the stock, I'm old AF and like having physical media.
Am I literally the only almost boomer on this site that actually enjoys going in and BROWSING?!  Like, websites are cool and all, but you may literally find a hidden gem you would have never played had you not picked up a box and read (if you can) the back.  Background info - I worked in public through the entire pandemic.  It really fucking blows when all you can do is go from work to home.  Now, a simple joy for me is to go and see what used games I can buy.  That's the key - USED.  GME makes very little money off new titles.  The value in the brick and mortar stores is locked into the used games and merch they carry.  So go on in!  Buy some old ass games for 20 bucks with all those tendies you've been printing.  Get a sweet ass shirt, or just a gift card.  Let's make that valuation match the share price while we're at it.   This is not financial advice.  Position - 20 shares at $80   Edit
This is the way
If any of us makes gains well beyond our imaginations from this, everyone one of us should do this one thing. It goes a bit counter to what we do, but it is a price we must accept for the future.  Relative to your personal gains ratio, each one of us after GMEs price normalizes post squeeze, should buy 1, 10, or 100 shares of GME with a promise to yourself and your soul, that no matter what happens to this company, you'll hold the stock for 10 years.  That you are willing to part with this money in the name of the greater good. Gamestop has had a profound impact on your lives growing up, and now will have in our worst hours (through the pandemic, and with the help of /u/DeepFuckingValue) have done the same yet again.  Their financials are good, their balance sheet is stable. They've got Ryan Cohen at the helm, a Microsoft partnership towards the future, and aligned to do interesting things in the market. When your mom or dad took you to GameStop as a kid, your eyes lit up. As a teenager and even adult, you've gone there to buy new games and consoles or old games that tug on the heart strings of nostalgia.  So, that's what we should do. Make sure that this company can help the next generation of degenerates get to experience the same nostalgia we did through the games we played.  This is the way.
THE MOMENT THE PROPHECY WAS LAID UPON US RETARDS!
Google helps Robinhood after swarm of negative reviews drops company to 1-star rating. Fuck Google and Robinhood
Diamond hands
GME   Second Act   Margin Call Explained   AMC & Other High Short Interest Stocks
To everyone that held, you’ve leveled to diamond-hand generals. In game theory, the only way you could have maximized your gains was if you all stuck together, and you did! They had counted on you guys scattering, and that’s why they took out new shorts on GME.  GME was on the cusp of a short squeeze on Wednesday, before they closed off all buying, and did the short ladder attack.  It shows that they’ve learned nothing since the Great Financial Crisis (GFC). They play by one primary rule: Heads we win. Tails you lose. And they can change the other rules last minute to drive to the primary rule.  Next, they will try to block/limit buying across RH and more brokerages so there’s not enough volume to drive to the short squeeze. Meanwhile Hedge Funds are free to buy/sell unlimited amount of shares and create short ladder attacks \[1\]. Different rules for different players in this game!  But let’s move back to the whiteboard.   Disclaimer: I am not a financial advisor. This entire post represents my personal views and opinions, and should not be taken as financial advice (or advice of any kind whatsoever). I encourage you to do your own research, take anything I write with a grain of salt, and hold me accountable for any mistakes you may catch.   Today, I’ll describe what a margin call is and explain a High Short Interestt trading strategy around it. In Particular, I’ll use Melvin Capital presumed short book as a case study.  Note: I’m not a financial advisor, this is just me whiteboarding.  # Long/Short Strategy  In the Hedge Fund industry they have a strategy called long/short. They go long on momentum stocks and short undesirable ones.  Ie buying Apple and shorting Gamestop.  This trade is profitable if Apple’s stock price rises and Gamestop’s (GME) share price decline.  However, let say the trade doesn’t go their way and Gamestop share prices dramatically because of a short squeeze. In this case their net position is negative. Let’s say 30% negative. If it becomes large, their brokers calls them up and ask them to put more cash. Then they raise 30% more cash or sell stocks that been paid off to meet the reserve requirement. This is why you see the general stock market deep red, while GME moons. Hedge funds are selling their winning longs to raise cash for the margin requirement.  When GME short squeezes, they may have to liquidate (sell off all their longs) and cover their existing short position. Moreover, they have other leverage short positions that are also highly shorted (> 50% of the float). This becomes what’s known as an arbitrage trade. I’ll call it the High Short Interest (HSI) Trade. It’s a high risk trade but with potential for very high profits/returns should it go someone's way.  # The High Short Interest Trade  Should Hedge funds start to cover short positions because of a margin call or liquidate, they will be forced to buy up shares in the open market. However, if those shares are scares, it will create a huge short squeeze in which they will have to pay higher prices to meet their obligation to return shares.  I’ll use Melvin Capital as a case study because they have publicly declared they had a high short interest in GME, so most likely be margin called or liquidiated, should the GME short squeeze happen.  Furthermore, I’ll analyze their possible short position to justify why the squeeze may happen. Again, this is all conjecture and thinking out a possible trading strategy  In this case study, a high short interest stock is defined as one in which the short interest is greater than 50%. The reason why we will focus on these stock is because of the difficult of buy back all the shares before the market discovers how these shares are valuable because you have to buy them back at any price to meet contractual obligations.  Going forward, everything I write is based on conjecture but backed up by evidence. Shorting is a opaque dark art and it’s hard to get concrete data. But it shouldn’t block us in this whiteboarding session.  Here is a Melvin Capital possible short interest based on their sec filing of put positions \[2\]  1. Gamestop (GME) 2. AMC Networks (AMC) 3. Dillards (DDS) 4. Bed Bath & Beyond (BBBY) 5. The Macerich Company (MAC) 6. Tanger Factory Outlet Center (SKT)  I’ll analyze short interest based on data from   \[3\]. Ortex data is shown in the imgur links. This data is not confirmed but estimate and such has a possibility for high errors. However, ortex has been very reliable in the past.    AMC       Estimate Short Interest: 63M  Float: 102M  % of float shorted 62%    Dillards (DDS)       Estimate Short Interest:    Float:    % of float shorted: 76%  Bed Bath and Beyond (BBBY)     Estimate Short Interest: 58M  Float: 109M  % of float shorted: 54%    MAC       Estimate Short Interest: 71M  Float: 113M  % of float shorted: 63%    SKT       Estimate Short Interest: 48M  Float: 90M  % of float shorted: 53%  As you can see all these positions are heavily shorted, and should this hedge fund need to acquire shares of them on the market because of liquidation, it may have trouble to close out its short position. Hence, a very high likelihood of a short squeeze.  # Short Ladder Attack  A common maneuver Hedge fund deploy to vacuum up shares is a short ladder attack \[1\]. They do this to drop the price and scoop up shares. For hedge funds with big short positions this is effective because it makes it seem like the shares aren’t valuable when they are.  Usually, they will borrow 1-3% of shares and short, causing people to panic sell. If they do this repeatedly after like 10 days, they can close out 30% of their short position before the market notices. Do you see now how they can leverage 1% to scoop up 30% of the shares with this attack? It’d be difficult for them to vacuum up all the shares at once without the price increasing or the market knowing, so they manipulate the price lower and do it over a period of time.  That is why you’ll see the days to cover metric. Based on the volume, it suggest how many days they can get away with this before they are whole. However, should people realize that their short interest is too high, they can HOLD and buy more to force hedge funds to buy the shares at a higher price.  But you can see that the volume is increasing, so the market is aware of a potential short squeeze.  # Short Squeeze Precedent  In the week of March 20, 2020, Blue Apron had a short interest of about 50%. And then they experienced a short squeeze which led the price to climb 1000% in a week. So you can see how explosive the share price can climb, should a short squeeze occur, for stocks with a short interest of 50% or greater.  Never trade more than you’re willing to lose. Diamond hands.  References  \[1\]    \[2\]    \[3\]
The only market manipulation we allow.
$GME Autistic Epiphany
I combined two posts on WSB in my head and something big hit me.  This   explains how you're not just buying $GME when you buy their stock. You're also buying a stake in all the hedgies shorting it.   Then this  .  So all these CNBC boomers taking about $GME fUnDaMeNtAlS are just fucking with us. Here's what's probably the truth (THIS IS NOT FINANCIAL ADVICE. I'M NOT A FINANCIAL ADVISOR. AM RETARDED):   Since more shares of $GME are sold short than actually exist (~110-120%), we're getting a 10-20% discount on a TBTFBB, AND GameStop's business. This applies at ANY share price as long as the shorted shares exceed existing shares. This assumes there's a TBTFBB backing the hedgies, that the squeeze is successful, and that we sell when the squeeze occurs. In other words, our investment is backed by the fucking US Government.  I'm short on sleep and hope I don't regret this when I wake up.
Wall Street Week Ahead for the trading week beginning February 1st, 2021
Good Saturday morning to all of you here on r/wallstreetbets. I hope everyone on this sub made out pretty nicely in the market this past week, and is ready for the new trading week ahead.  Here is everything you need to know to get you ready for the trading week beginning February 1st, 2021.  #   Wall Street braces for bumpy trading in the week ahead as the GameStop short squeeze unfolds -           > Earnings news from Amazon and Alphabet, the important January jobs report and Washington’s discussion of stimulus could all be important to markets in the week ahead, but none of it is likely to get more attention than the short squeezes driven by retail investors.       > Stocks had a rocky week, with the S&P 500 down   to 3,714. The S&P was down   for January, its first negative month since October and a warning for the year, according to the old Wall Street adage.       > “We were due for some type of decline. We’ve been straight up since October. It’s not unusual that we’re backing off a bit,” said Steve Massocca, managing director at Wedbush Securities.       > Trading could remain bumpy in the coming week, as the S&P 500 struggles to hold above 3,716 its 50-day moving average and a key technical level.       > “This is the first time we’re at the 50-day moving average since early November,” said Peter Boockvar, chief investment officer at Bleakley Advisory Group. “It’s just a level we haven’t seen in a while and it’s an important first line in the sand of whether the market uses this as a pivot spot to bounce again.”       > “The buy the dip mentality doesn’t die easy, but if you break that [50-day], that portends something else,” he said.       > Massocca and others see little impact on the broader market from the phenomena of retail investors piling into stocks that are being shorted by big investors. Fueled by no fee trading, retail investors created a flurry of trading in GameStop and other heavily shorted names, like AMC Entertainment. If the stocks rise, in theory, the firms that are short sellers will have to buy stock to cover, and that activity could drive the price even higher in a so-called short squeeze.       > GameStop was the poster child for that trade this past week. GameStop shares closed 68% higher on Friday, bringing their gain for the week to 400%. The retailer’s shares hit a high of $483 on Jan. 28.       > “This is somewhat isolated,” Massocca said of trading in GameStop and other shorts. He said it may not be a phenomena for that long since there aren’t that many heavily shorted stocks. “I think they may be hunting new names.”       > The short squeeze story has garnered broad interest, in the general news media and from Washington.       > Lawmakers from both parties are eager to look into the fact that Robinhood and other online brokers restricted trading in the hottest short names when trading was frenzied. Robinhood said it was responding to SEC rules on net capital requirements and clearinghouse deposits that brokers have to comply with.       > “This was the busiest week for earnings reported with 82% of the companies reported better than expected earnings. It’s a really good quarter, but obviously overshadowed by the short squeeze news,” said Leo Grohowski, chief investment officer at BNY Mellon Wealth Management.       > He said some of the biggest tech names have been lagging, like Apple and Microsoft.       > “The combination of demanding valuations and short squeeze news has overshadowed a really good performance of corporate earnings so far,” Grohowski said. “We’re constructive on the market. Fundamentals do look encouraging to us.”       > Strategists have expected a pullback in the first part of the year, and many say it would become a buying opportunity. Hedge funds did sell long positions in the past week, but firms like Morgan Stanley and Barclays say the de-leveraging is not likely to have a big impact on stocks.       > But for investors who end up buying in at the end of the short squeezes, they could feel some pain.       > “I do think this isn’t going to end well,” said Grohowski. “These kind of one way trades they don’t end well particularly for those that come later to the party.”       > “I think this will be one of those,” he said. “GameStop is not worth what it is trading for today. I do believe at the end of the day the value of a company is important and it’s going to be driven by fundamentals. These dislocations and distortions of value, they will correct and many will be hurt by that.”       > But Grohowski said it’s encouraging that the surge in retail activity was driven by younger investors.       > “We’ve wanted for some time for this younger generation to be more interested in the financial markets and equity investing,” he said. “I know a lot of experienced market participants were not anticipating it being this way. It’s not just a one time kind of distortion.       > “I think this is thought-provoking in terms of a way a younger generation might be looking at investing, by their rules, not the rules of the traditional market participants,” Grohowski added.       > He expects the January employment report to get some attention Friday, and it should be weaker with just 50,000 to 60,000 jobs added.       > He said the markets will also monitor the progress of stimulus discussions in Washington, as valuations have risen on expectations of a package coming soon. President Joe Biden has proposed $  trillion in spending, but Republicans are not in agreement.        #   This past week saw the following moves in the S&P:   ######   (     #   Major Indices for this past week:   ######   (     #   Major Futures Markets as of Friday's close:   ######   (     #   Economic Calendar for the Week Ahead:   ######   (     #   Percentage Changes for the Major Indices, WTD, MTD, QTD, YTD as of Friday's close:   ######   (     #   S&P Sectors for the Past Week:   ######   (     #   Major Indices Pullback/Correction Levels as of Friday's close:   ######   (     #   Major Indices Rally Levels as of Friday's close:   ######   (     #   Most Anticipated Earnings Releases for this week:   ######   (     #   Here are the upcoming IPO's for this week:   ######   (     #   Friday's Stock Analyst Upgrades & Downgrades:   ######   (    ######   (    ######   (            > # How Stocks Perform in a President’s First Year  > 2021 kicks off the first year of a new four-year presidential cycle. One of the most popular questions we’ve received lately is how have stocks performed historically during this political year.  > For starters, the S&P 500 Index historically has gained   per year during the first year of the four-year presidential cycle, but stocks have done better when the president was re-elected than when someone new occupied the White House. This makes sense, as a new president could bring new policies and potential uncertainty. Additionally, stocks do better during years three and four under a new president, while they are much weaker early in the cycle.  > ######   (     > As shown in the LPL Chart of the Day, breaking down all the quarters of the four-year presidential cycle shows that the first quarter of the first year in the cycle is one of only two quarters with a negative average return.  > ######   (     > Bigger picture, historically the fourth quarter of the year has been the strongest of the year, with the first quarter the second best on average. Don’t forget, the third quarter is usually a weak one. Please note, below is for all years, not just the first year of the cycle.  > ######   (     > We will take a closer look at February returns next week on the blog, but it is worth noting that when a new party is in power in the White House, historically stocks have struggled from late January until early March. “It is interesting, but from around the time of the inauguration to several weeks out, stocks tend to be pretty weak,” according to LPL Financial Chief Market Strategist Ryan Detrick. “It may be as simple as new leadership could bring with it new policies and added uncertainty”.  > ######   (            > # Will GameStop Stop The Bull Market?  > “In the short term, the market is a popularity contest. In the long term, the market is a weighing machine.” -Warren Buffett  > The incredible action from some of the most heavily shorted names has investors everywhere wondering what it all means? GameStop (GME) specifically has taken the country’s imagination by storm, as the stock started the year under $20 per share and this morning nearly hit $500.  > Please note, we aren’t allowed to discuss individual equities, and in no way are we recommending any stocks in this blog, but from a bigger perspective, what is happening here? Basically, individual investors are using message boards like Reddit to find some of the most shorted stocks, then they all pile in at the same time, forcing large institutions to cover their shorts, and thus producing massive buying pressure.  > LPL Research doesn’t think these parabolic moves reflect an overall unhealthy market, but institutions covering shorts at sizable losses may be removing capital from some big cap names. “While these developments could be another sign of excessive optimism in certain segments of the equity markets, we do not believe they represent a sign of a broader market bubble or indicate a major correction is forthcoming,” explained LPL Financial Chief Market Strategist Ryan Detrick. “Don’t forget, overall market breadth is extremely healthy and the credit markets are functioning just fine—we don’t see a repeat of 1999 like some are claiming.”  > Lastly, as shown in the LPL Chart of the Day, after a 72% rally in the S&P 500 Index (and more in small caps and the Nasdaq), maybe it is simply time for a break. After all, the current bull market has tracked almost perfectly the start of the 1982 and 2009 bull markets thus far, and both of those took a break for a few months starting around this point in the cycle.  > ######   (            > # Most Heavily Shorted Stocks at the End of 2020 and Now  > In the table below, we show the 20 stocks in the Russell 3000 that currently have the highest short interest as a percentage of float. It should come as no surprise that GameStop (GME) still tops that list with   of float short as of the most recent data for mid-month. That is even after a   percentage point drop from the end of 2020 when   of shares were short. It was also the most heavily shorted stock then. The runner-up is Dillard's (DDS) which currently has   of shares sold short compared to over 90% at the end of 2020. Again, despite that sizeable decline in the percentage of shares sold short, it was also the second most heavily shorted stock one month ago. Of the rest of the top 20, there are six other names with lower short interest than the end of last year. Looking across the rest of the most heavily shorted stocks, Sumo Logic (SUMO), American Well Corp (AMWL), and Sunpower (SPWR) are the stocks that have seen their short interest as a percentage of equity float rise the most. In terms of stock price performance, SPWR has been the one with the biggest rally having doubled YTD. The only other stock that has doubled YTD in this cohort has been GME.  > ######   (     > In the table below, we show the stocks that have seen the biggest changes in the percent of shares sold short between the end of 2020 and the most recent data as of January 15th. Those currently in the top 20 most shorted stocks are highlighted in gray. Across the entire Russell 3,000, 1,777 stocks have seen their short interest as a percent of short move lower in the two week period from the end of December to mid-January. As shown, even after the massive short squeeze that has taken place, GME is actually not the stock that has seen the biggest decline in shorts. Relay Therapeutics (RLAY) holds that title with a   percentage point decline. That is even though the stock has experienced a relatively smaller move than some of its peers. Granted, a number of other stocks like nCino (NCNO) and Berkeley Lights (BPYU) to name a few have actually moved lower so far in 2020 and have also seen their short interest decline significantly. On the other end of the spectrum, WW International (WW) has seen its short interest rise the most.  > ######   (            > # Funding Markets Full of Cash  > US funding markets are awash with liquidity thanks to ongoing QE purchases by the Fed and the progression of fiscal policy since the end of the year, as well as normal seasonal tailwinds that see more liquidity after year-end balance sheet constraints would roll off. Funding markets refer to collateralized, short-term lending via repo and related wholesale cash transactions.  > Government money market funds that are allowed to conduct repo operations as well as buying Treasury and Agency debt are seeing roughly typical inflows, but those come on top of record share of overall money market funds. As a result, repo rates have been plunging. The secured overnight financing rate, which tracks the volume-weighted general collateral repo rate has fallen to 3 basis points above the bottom of the Fed Funds target range. While repo rates falling below the Fed Funds target range wouldn’t be a catastrophe and some parts of the market have gotten there, it’s not in the FOMC’s interest to have funding rates trading far outside its target policy rate range on a regular basis.  > The solution already exists, of course: the NY Fed has a standing overnight reverse repo facility first introduced back in 2013 which is likely to start draining cash as investors seek higher returns than the repo markets offer. Reserve scarcity, which roll-off brought to bear in 2018 and 2019, is now reserve plenty, and so many reserves exist that the NY Fed will start draining them with reverse repos. Reserve balances will continue to grow this year thanks to QE purchases and an expected decline in the balance of the federal government's transaction account at the Federal Reserve.  > ######   (            > # Federal Reserve Rebukes Hawkish Rumors; Reaffirms Support  > It has been a busy past 12 months for the Federal Reserve (Fed), after the onset of the global pandemic prompted historic stimulus from monetary policymakers. With the economy showing signs of being in the early stages of expansion, some have speculated that the Fed may begin to slow the pace of its asset purchases. Recent comments from some Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) members that have hinted that the Fed’s bond buying program could be reduced by the end of the year, has signaled that other policymakers may be thinking that way, too.  > Adding fuel to the speculation, the 10-year Treasury yield has been climbing, breaking above 1% for the first time since March 2020 as the economy has expanded. Meanwhile, as shown in the LPL Chart of the Day, breakeven inflation rates—the yield difference between Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities (TIPS) and nominal Treasuries—have risen to levels not seen since 2018, suggesting that inflation expectations are heating up, although levels still remain largely benign.  > ######   (            ######   (    ######   (    ######   (            Below are some of the notable companies coming out with earnings releases this upcoming trading week ahead which includes the date/time of release & consensus estimates courtesy of Earnings Whispers:         > #    Monday   Before Market Open:    > ###### (   > #    Monday   After Market Close:     > ###### (          > #    Tuesday    Before Market Open:    > ###### (   > #    Tuesday   After Market Close:     > ###### (          > #    Wednesday   Before Market Open:     > ###### (   > #    Wednesday   After Market Close:     > ###### (          > #    Thursday   Before Market Open:     > ###### (   > #    Thursday   After Market Close:     > ###### (          > #    Friday   Before Market Open:     > ###### (          > #    Friday   After Market Close:    > ###### (  (NONE.)         > #  , Inc. -    , Inc. (AMZN)   is confirmed to report earnings at approximately 4:00 PM ET on Tuesday, February 2, 2021. The consensus earnings estimate is $  per share on revenue of $  billion and the Earnings Whisper ® number is $  per share. Investor sentiment going into the company's earnings release has 88% expecting an earnings beat. Consensus estimates are for year-over-year earnings growth of   with revenue increasing by   Short interest has increased by   since the company's last earnings release while the stock has drifted higher by   from its open following the earnings release to be   above its 200 day moving average of $2,  Overall earnings estimates have been revised lower since the company's last earnings release. On Friday, January 15, 2021 there was some notable buying of 6,433 contracts of the $3,  call expiring on Friday, February 19, 2021. Option traders are pricing in a   move on earnings and the stock has averaged a   move in recent quarters.  > #(          > # Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. $    Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. (BABA)   is confirmed to report earnings at approximately 6:45 AM ET on Tuesday, February 2, 2021. The consensus earnings estimate is $  per share on revenue of $  billion and the Earnings Whisper ® number is $  per share. Investor sentiment going into the company's earnings release has 79% expecting an earnings beat. Consensus estimates are for year-over-year earnings growth of   with revenue increasing by   Short interest has decreased by   since the company's last earnings release while the stock has drifted lower by   from its open following the earnings release to be   above its 200 day moving average of $  Overall earnings estimates have been revised lower since the company's last earnings release. On Wednesday, January 20, 2021 there was some notable buying of 24,974 contracts of the $  call expiring on Friday, March 19, 2021. Option traders are pricing in a   move on earnings and the stock has averaged a   move in recent quarters.  > #(          > # Pfizer, Inc. $    Pfizer, Inc. (PFE)   is confirmed to report earnings at approximately 6:45 AM ET on Tuesday, February 2, 2021. The consensus earnings estimate is $  per share on revenue of $  billion and the Earnings Whisper ® number is $  per share. Investor sentiment going into the company's earnings release has 70% expecting an earnings beat. Consensus estimates are for earnings to decline year-over-year by   with revenue increasing by   The stock has drifted lower by   from its open following the earnings release to be   below its 200 day moving average of $  Overall earnings estimates have been revised higher since the company's last earnings release. On Monday, January 11, 2021 there was some notable buying of 31,716 contracts of the $  call expiring on Friday, February 19, 2021. Option traders are pricing in a   move on earnings and the stock has averaged a   move in recent quarters.  > #(          > # United Parcel Service, Inc. $    United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS)   is confirmed to report earnings at approximately 6:00 AM ET on Tuesday, February 2, 2021. The consensus earnings estimate is $  per share on revenue of $  billion and the Earnings Whisper ® number is $  per share. Investor sentiment going into the company's earnings release has 75% expecting an earnings beat. Consensus estimates are for earnings to decline year-over-year by   with revenue increasing by   Short interest has decreased by   since the company's last earnings release while the stock has drifted lower by   from its open following the earnings release to be   above its 200 day moving average of $  Overall earnings estimates have been revised higher since the company's last earnings release. On Wednesday, January 27, 2021 there was some notable buying of 2,756 contracts of the $  call expiring on Friday, February 5, 2021. Option traders are pricing in a   move on earnings and the stock has averaged a   move in recent quarters.  > #(          > # Pinterest, Inc. $    Pinterest, Inc. (PINS)   is confirmed to report earnings at approximately 4:00 PM ET on Thursday, February 4, 2021. The consensus earnings estimate is $  per share on revenue of $  million and the Earnings Whisper ® number is $  per share. Investor sentiment going into the company's earnings release has 77% expecting an earnings beat The company's guidance was for revenue of approximately $  million. Consensus estimates are for year-over-year earnings growth of   with revenue increasing by   Short interest has decreased by   since the company's last earnings release while the stock has drifted higher by   from its open following the earnings release to be   above its 200 day moving average of $  Overall earnings estimates have been revised higher since the company's last earnings release. On Wednesday, January 13, 2021 there was some notable buying of 6,091 contracts of the $  call expiring on Friday, September 17, 2021. Option traders are pricing in a   move on earnings and the stock has averaged a   move in recent quarters.  > #(          > # PayPal $    PayPal (PYPL)   is confirmed to report earnings at approximately 4:20 PM ET on Wednesday, February 3, 2021. The consensus earnings estimate is $  per share on revenue of $  billion and the Earnings Whisper ® number is $  per share. Investor sentiment going into the company's earnings release has 82% expecting an earnings beat The company's guidance was for earnings of approximately $  per share. Consensus estimates are for year-over-year earnings growth of   with revenue increasing by   Short interest has decreased by   since the company's last earnings release while the stock has drifted higher by   from its open following the earnings release to be   above its 200 day moving average of $  Overall earnings estimates have been revised lower since the company's last earnings release. On Monday, January 11, 2021 there was some notable buying of 5,514 contracts of the $  put expiring on Friday, March 19, 2021. Option traders are pricing in a   move on earnings and the stock has averaged a   move in recent quarters.  > #(          > # Snap Inc. $    Snap Inc. (SNAP)   is confirmed to report earnings at approximately 4:10 PM ET on Thursday, February 4, 2021. The consensus earnings estimate is $  per share on revenue of $  million and the Earnings Whisper ® number is $  per share. Investor sentiment going into the company's earnings release has 74% expecting an earnings beat The company's guidance was for revenue of $  million to $  million. Consensus estimates are for year-over-year earnings growth of   with revenue increasing by   Short interest has increased by   since the company's last earnings release while the stock has drifted higher by   from its open following the earnings release to be   above its 200 day moving average of $  Overall earnings estimates have been revised higher since the company's last earnings release. On Thursday, January 21, 2021 there was some notable buying of 13,726 contracts of the $  put expiring on Friday, February 19, 2021. Option traders are pricing in a   move on earnings and the stock has averaged a   move in recent quarters.  > #(          > # Alphabet Inc. -   Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL)   is confirmed to report earnings at approximately 4:00 PM ET on Tuesday, February 2, 2021. The consensus earnings estimate is $  per share on revenue of $  billion and the Earnings Whisper ® number is $  per share. Investor sentiment going into the company's earnings release has 79% expecting an earnings beat. Consensus estimates are for year-over-year earnings growth of   with revenue decreasing by   Short interest has decreased by   since the company's last earnings release while the stock has drifted higher by   from its open following the earnings release to be   above its 200 day moving average of $1,  Overall earnings estimates have been revised higher since the company's last earnings release. On Wednesday, January 20, 2021 there was some notable buying of 2,312 contracts of the $1,  call expiring on Friday, March 19, 2021. Option traders are pricing in a   move on earnings and the stock has averaged a   move in recent quarters.  > #(          > # Exxon Mobil Corp. $    Exxon Mobil Corp. (XOM)   is confirmed to report earnings at approximately 7:30 AM ET on Tuesday, February 2, 2021. The consensus earnings estimate is $  per share on revenue of $  billion and the Earnings Whisper ® number is $  per share. Investor sentiment going into the company's earnings release has 44% expecting an earnings beat. Consensus estimates are for earnings to decline year-over-year by   with revenue decreasing by   Short interest has decreased by   since the company's last earnings release while the stock has drifted higher by   from its open following the earnings release to be   above its 200 day moving average of $  Overall earnings estimates have been revised higher since the company's last earnings release. On Thursday, January 14, 2021 there was some notable buying of 28,135 contracts of the $  call expiring on Friday, March 19, 2021. Option traders are pricing in a   move on earnings and the stock has averaged a   move in recent quarters.  > #(          > # Ford Motor Company $    Ford Motor Company (F)   is confirmed to report earnings at approximately 4:05 PM ET on Thursday, February 4, 2021. The consensus estimate is for a loss of $  per share on revenue of $  billion and the Earnings Whisper ® number is $  per share. Investor sentiment going into the company's earnings release has 68% expecting an earnings beat. Consensus estimates are for earnings to decline year-over-year by   with revenue decreasing by   Short interest has decreased by   since the company's last earnings release while the stock has drifted higher by   from its open following the earnings release to be   above its 200 day moving average of $  Overall earnings estimates have been revised higher since the company's last earnings release. On Wednesday, January 20, 2021 there was some notable buying of 120,718 contracts of the $  call expiring on Friday, February 19, 2021. Option traders are pricing in a   move on earnings and the stock has averaged a   move in recent quarters.  > #(          # DISCUSS!  What are you all watching for in this upcoming trading week?         I hope you all have a wonderful weekend and a great week ahead r/wallstreetbets.
Print this poster of DFV and put it on your wall
Massive De-Grossing (Selling Longs Covering Shorts) this week by Hedge Funds: Same amount as March 2020
Billionaire MLB owner Steven Cohen defiant after GameStop loss and says he’s ‘trying to make a living’
43k GME Loss Porn thanks to buying restrictions on the underlying
What are all the ways 'the system' would try to screw with us next week?
We've all been witness to the bullshit that happened on Thursday, with brokers shamelessly preventing retailpoors from being able to buy shares in certain securities, and then imposing limits on the number of shares we can buy.   I think we all need to be prepared for what other shenanigans these types will come up with next week. Here's what I can think of:  1. Some brokers will continue imposing limits on certain securities (what you can buy, how much you can buy, and so on). This will continue to suppress demand.  2. SEC may get involved and   "for the protection of investors". This will have an impact on holders of near-dated options. I am most worried about this.  3. Technical outage. There are billions of dollars at stake here (trillions if the stock market collapses), so what's a few "outages" that will ease volatility and cool sentiments?  4. Continued short ladder attacks by the shorts. We've all seen this again and again this week.  5. ...anything else?
We have to go back to go forward
$GME - MOASS, I was wrong, VW doesn't matter anymore
My original post on the   doesn't apply anymore.    Position: I have around 14k shares across 2 brokers.       There are forces at play here that didn't exist during the VW squeeze. The gamma squeezes and sheer idiocy of option buying by you all has created a perfect storm which is what is created all the trading restrictions. There were going to be gamma squeezes every week until the short squeeze was triggered and no institution has the capital to handle weekly gamma squeezes. I think the restrictions has stopped the infinite gamma squeezes which is probably good for the market because it may have created a collapse and we could never buy chicken tenders again.  So back to timing the MOASS and when to sell.   1.      2. I firmly believe you can't time it anymore. The institutions are much more advanced now and the short ladder attacks which we saw multiple times this week and in 2020 creates artificial drops that make it look the bottom is falling out of the squeeze. ( , stop loss is bad)   3. They are obviously willing to lose ridiculous amounts of money borrowing shares because they don't want to "lose" to a bunch of internet 🐒.    4. This isn't Porsche owning all the shares. Whatever they say, none of us really know what any of us are going to do. We certainly can't coordinate buying or selling because we would have all bought with DFV. So we may see spikes from a hedge fund covering after short ladder attacks or PM/AH trading. We won't know if any of these spikes are the MOASS.   5. They made this a war of us vs them. This is personal now for a lot of us and we are willing to hold much longer than any rational person would. Some people will probably hold through the squeeze and fall and witness the rebirth of GME by Ryan Cohen and see the shares go back to $100-$300 on its own.   The original thesis  .   6. Watch the volume. The short ladder attacks occurred during low volume. Volume will sky rocket during the MOASS and even during the ride back down volume will be high. This is black Friday when the doors open and boomer Karens are climbing on top of each other to buy a tickle me Elmo.   7. Gamestop step in during the squeeze and announce they are going to bail out the shorters.   8. They are taking advantage of ladder attacks and trading halts.   9. Without the gamma pressure from options, we may see the stock price drop significantly after they cover from this past week.   10. We don't know the price point for the shorters anymore. There could be a significant amount of shorters with price points above $100.   11.   HOLY SHIT THE PUTS!!!! I just totaled the puts for next week. \~149,000 puts from $  to $100. 8,359 puts from $100 to $320. These are all OTM.   There are a lot of puts that are OTM every week in February.    My Plan  : I'm exercising all my options (vary between $15-$30 strikes) now because I'm worried about lack of buyers/liquidity and stability of the trading platforms for retail during a MOASS. I'm going to adjust when I sell based on what is going on because there has been too much fuckery. I imagine I will sell a large percentage of my stocks between $1000 and $2000, but we could just as easily see a sudden spike from $900 to $2000 in a 5 minute window and then I probably won't sell till over $5000. If we slowly increase over days and weeks (10%-50%) my tolerance to hold will increase and my sell points will adjust.       TLDR;
Fired the last of my ammo yesterday. Total POS: 3550 shares
GME Shorts Will Try to Buy From Longs Over Weekend - Discuss
Good morning retards.   I've broken out my robe, my pipe, and my helmet so that we can sit down and contemplate the most singular and engaging question of our time:  > If you were a short what would you do if you were SUPER fucked but you knew in two days you were going to be SUPER DUPER fucked?   That's the question that we're faced with this fine Saturday morning. But let's do a quick review of the facts to understand where the shorts are possibly at before trying to answer that one.    Current short situation      According to the DD floating around here we're still at 100% short interest - at least.   Melvin and Shitron say they're out of their positions. But are they?    Doesn't matter. New shorts are still short and will be forced to cover.    We saw liquidity dry up Friday with a bid ask gap of like thousands at one point   Shorts launched multiple short ladder attacks   Reports of whales coming in an buying up the shorts shares during the attacks, short can't keep that up   If shorts can't short attack because of the whales hoovering up their shares, what can they do? They have to buy eventually.   ~~Oh and then there's the big gamma squeeze coming from Friday.~~ Ok looks like the gamma squeeze may have occurred  . Thanks to /u/BlueEstee for that DD - they definitely have more wrinkles on their lobes than me!  ~~All call contracts expired ITM Friday. Any naked calls must be covered. More importantly - MMs will be forced to gamma hedge existing contracts for further out expiration. They do this by buying shares.~~   Retail is now buying out of spite. Which is the best kind of investing I think.   I chew crayons. I put that together from what's here. If I did you know the shorts brokers did as well. Margin requirement increase anyone?  tl;dr shorts current situation  > They are SUPER DUPER fucked early next week because of the incoming gamma squeeze, likely increasing margin requirements, whales getting involved and of course continued retail interest.  Much of this is a summation of DD by /u/jkn_ku so read their post if you want a REALLY good blow-by-blow of Friday with some really keen insights on order flow sniping and things I had no fucking clue about:  .  I know, I know, /r/investing but goddamn if that isn't some killer DD and it reads like a fucking action thriller. Respect.    But what's the shorts next move?    The shorts have had a lot of tactics to scare off retail - ladder attacks, PR blitzs, lots of bots, etc. But they have ONLY ever had one move - the move they HAVE to make eventually. And that's of course to buy back the shares they owe their brokers. They're under contact to do so - it's the law.  But that's what will cause the MOASS and force them to buy from retail, right? That's what we want?  Yes! But there are other longs out there other than retail - institutional longs. These are usually big companies or funds who purchase gme for long term strategies. We haven't talked that much about them.  Here's a list and the amount of shares they own from an    .  Holder  Common Shares Held (Millions)  % Of CSO  Gain ($ Billions)  Position Date Update      -  -  -  - FMR (Fidelity Investments)        $   Sep-30-2020 Ryan Cohen           Jan-10-2021 BlackRock           Sep-30-2020 Vanguard Group           Sep-30-2020 Susquehanna International Group           Sep-30-2020 Dimensional Fund Advisors           Sep-30-2020 Senvest Management           Oct-07-2020 Donald A. Foss           Feb-28-2020 MUST Asset Management (SOLD STAKE!)           Mar-18-2020  I want to be clear. Longs only represent   shares. And many of these are funds that probably cannot sell due to their fund balancing requirements and what not (I don't know - just guessing there).   Shorts are shorts AT LEAST 100% according to all of the DD we've read. They still have to buy ALL of retails shares. There is no way that I can see for them to avoid doing so. But they WILL try to lessen the pain.   And these institutional longs are seeing BILLIONS in gains (with a B) so who knows what could happen.  So I am speculating that the shorts will approach institutional longs over the weekend for some sort of deal. So keep your eyes and ears open and helmets strapped on tight!  This is not investment advice. Don't take investment advice from the internet.  Positions: 1000 shares bought @ 16  APES TOGETHER STRONG.  EDIT: Thanks everyone for the awards but please save your $ for gme shares.   EDIT2: For those of you doubting the willingness of Longs to sell NOW to avoid more volatility, consider that a large gme shareholder - MUST - sold off their entire stake this  .  EDIT3: /u/BlueEstee's DD on the gamma squeeze is tight. Adjusted that bit above.
THE missing catalyst EVERYONE is waiting for.
RH won't let you buy more $GME shares?  Share price too high for you?  Looking forward to seeing this mysterious "squeeze"?  Want to take part in the biggest social movement of our generation?     What if I told you there is a way to:    support over 14k Employees   make 7m degenerates happy   be a part of the history   trigger biggest MOASS never seen before   say FU to some greedy folks who wanted this company to go bankrupt     If the answer is yes, then   listen up  .     We don't know how when shorts will be margin called. Remember: SHORTS DO NOT EXPIRE.  What we know is that Q4 earnings report is coming. Cool. So what's the deal?     Here's an interesting fact from recent Holiday Sales report:  >E-Commerce sales, which are included in comparable store sales, rose 309% and represented approximately 34% of total company sales, with total worldwide E-Commerce sales year to date  reaching over $  billion, far exceeding the Company’s $  billion growth objective.  # Do not underestimate this.     We perceive this company not as a next Blockbuster, but as a next Netflix that can adapt to changing circumstances. GME's online sales are growing each and every quarter in a rapid pace.  This company is transitioning faster than you can correctly spell "retard" and we can help it accelerate to velocities of a fucking rocket ship.     Did you know that GME has other brands under its shield?  From  :  >The company's global family of brands include GameStop, EB Games, Micromania, ThinkGeek, and Game Informer magazine       How can we help?    It's as simple as visiting one website from below and purchasing one item.    If you are from the USA hop into  .   The Irish are not left behind,   welcomes you.   For our Canadian brethren,   awaits.   Here, here, French warriors   is to be conquerd.   Aussie brothers, say no more:   .   Kiwis, no need to worry,   is here for you.  Oh, there is more. Have you heard about PowerUp membership that gamestop offers?  If not, here you can read about it:     It's powerful way to support the company and it's a great deal to be honest.     TLDR:                   BE. PATIENT.  Make a friendly visit  / and buy just one thing.  Wan't to become Ryan Cohen's best friend?  Visit   and become a PowerUp member.                        I am not a financial advisor. I just like the stock.  Edit: I am retarded and can not spell properly.
If your friends and family are wondering why you're buying $GME @ $300, maybe you can explain it to them like this:
There's a rich kid in town. Let's call him Melvin. He thinks he's really smart. He finds a coupon for $20 off the new Nintendo Switch during the holidays with no limit on number of units. This is easy. I'll go ahead and sell the Switch now for $200 and then buy it for $180 with the coupon. Easiest $20 I'll ever make. He goes and tells all his parents' friends at the Citadel Country Club that he can get them the new Nintendo Switch for their kids. He collects $200 each from 150 parents. He now has $30K and will use that money to purchase Nintendo Switches for $27K. He'll have earned $3K in just a few hours. His parents will be so proud.  There's another kid watching Melvin this entire time. Let's call him Keith. Keith doesn't like Melvin. Keith is good friends with the guys over at Gamestop. He finds out that there are were only 100 new Switches shipped to the entire country. Keith and his 99 friends buy all 100 Nintendo Switches on the spot.  Later in the day, Melvin goes to Gamestop with his $20 off coupon and says, "I'll take 150 Nintendo Switches please." Gamestop guy looks at him and says, "Sorry, we're all sold out." Melvin goes to the next Gamestop. Same story. All sold out. He goes to all the Gamestops in the city and can't find a single Switch. He won't be able to fulfill the orders.  Meanwhile, Keith is telling all his friends about what Melvin promised the members at the Country Club. Nobody sell him the Nintendo Switch that you bought, no matter how much he offers you. Nobody likes Melvin, so everybody holds on to their Nintendo Switch.  Melvin is in trouble. His parents rich friends are all asking when they are getting their Nintendo Switch. Melvins parents are angry, but they don't want to lose their standing in the Citadel Country Club. They have to help Melvin gets 150 Nintendo Switches. Now remember there are only 100 Switches in the city, but Melvin has created the expectation among the parents that there are 150. This is how you get a short percentage over 100%. Melvin has promised more than actually exist.  The price of Nintendo Switches in the city skyrockets. Melvins parents were able to get a few units from Keiths friends, but they had to pay really inflated prices for them, first $1,000, then $2,000, now $3,000. It's nearing Christmas, and every rich parent at the Country Club is desperate for the Nintendo Switch they promised their kids. They can't trust that Melvin will be able to get them one. They all start bidding against each other for Switches. Everybody in town is in on the action now. Everybody wants to get a Nintendo Switch to sell at the country club for $10,000. Meanwhile, Keith and his friends are just hanging out and playing Animal Crossing.  \[Edit 1: Thanks for all the love and awards. I'm really grateful. I'll try to answer as many question as I can on the thread and in the DM's\]  \[Edit 2: A few astute monkeys have pointed out some flaws in my story. The example above is an oversimplification and I left a few important elements. So here's an expanded version and I've had to adjust some of the numbers above to make room for new wrinkles.  In a more accurate version, Melvin went to his brother Steve's high school and borrowed 150 Nintendo Switches from the high schoolers. He tells them all that if he doesn't give them back within 24 hours, he will give them each $5 per day. The high schoolers know that it's not likely that Melvin will give it back in 24 hours, so they will be perfectly happy to collect $5 per day. He sells the 150 Switches to the Country Club parents for $200 each, but now he owes 150 Switches to the high schoolers. This is a naked short. He sold Switches that were borrowed but didn't own. Let's assume the Country Club parents wrapped the Switches and they are now under the tree and out of circulation. Although there are 250 Switches in the city, there are now only 100 Switches in circulation (Keith's friends). So you have a situation where Melvin owes 150 Switches to high schoolers and there are only 100 available (150% short position of float). Melvin is overconfident and thinks he will get 150 Switches same day or at the very worse case, the day after, and maybe have to pay 150 Switches x $5 penalty = $450. He'll still have made $3,000-$450 = $2,550. The $5 penalty due to the high schoolers is interest or Melvin's carrying costs, so the longer Melvin cannot get the Switches, the more expensive it's going to be for him. After 4 days, he's at break even and will lose $450 for each day he cannot get a Switch. It gets very expensive for Melvin and his parents very quickly. This is what's happening for the past week or so for GME. The hedge funds are bleeding money every day they cannot fulfill the IOU.  For those who are asking why Melvin doesn't just pay off the high schoolers with money, let's say that the new Zelda game is coming out and they all want to play. They also know that the price of Switches is rising. Even if Melvin offered $800 or $1,000 to cancel the IOU, they know that they can no longer get a Switch on the open market. In addition, the high schoolers are probably aware of the rising trend in Switch prices. They may think that it's better to wait for a Switch that will be worth $15,000 in a few days than to get paid off by Steve now for $1,000. So while it's possible that Melvin could buy his way out of it, it's very difficult.\]
An open letter to hedge funds
Your time is over your iron grip on the world has loosened and now we as individuals now that we realize that once a large enough of us have conviction on a trade we can move markets. No longer are your days of gross negligence and over exposure because the only way is goes bad is if something “unprecedented” happens we are the unprecedented. We will find all of your overexposure and rob you for it. We will as individuals screen ever corner of the market for your vulnerabilities each person with their own expertises will observe and scrutinize ever one of your investments and in the tumbler of wsb that trade against you will go from a vague idea to a razor sharp thesis worthy of any wall street presentation rooms. So what is my point in telling this (and don’t tell your mouthpieces on CNBC to say “this will never happen again” yes it will, it won’t be in the form of some major short squeeze but if time has taught me anything Wall Street has a gambling problem for evidence look not further than ltm, dot com bubble, 2008, European debt crisis,  oil crisis of “insert year here”, etc) I tell you this because I believe in the free market and I think wsb is a way of finally checking your exuberance Wall Street won’t disappear but if you wanna you better scale back on your wildly over exposed positions and FAST because the invisible hand of the free market and the balance is coming   We like the stock  Edit: world  Edit 2: 10 $GME @163 avg  10 $GME @223 avg 10 $GME @321 avg  Edit 3: these diamond hand cut
People say AMC is a diversion, I say is the fuel of GME short squeeze
Listen you retards. I will explain the logic of why GME needs AMC and AMC needs GME.  GME feels like a late ship for many. GME is not attractive to many people out there at this levels, just the commited ones. AMC is the second most shorted stock here with big hedge funds on the other side. Chartwise, they moved the same.   For GME to rocket, it needs AMC hype. People will want to get in at 15$/share now that the company is not bankrupt anymore and feels like a realistic fair valued company which was kept to the ground with shorts.   GME needs to hold it's own a bit until AMC loads up on people.   GME is WSB short squeeze. AMC is the rest of dumb retail short squeeze.  They both need the fomo and hype of each other to pull this through.  AMC might have even more support if you think about Hollywood and stuff like that and that it might get boomers interested in saving their memories from AMC.   TLDR:.  AMC NEEDS GME, GME NEEDS AMC.  BB, NOK are not short squeezes . End of story   Edit: if AMC was a diversion, they would have not limited the share at 1 as well. They are both fucking the shorts now that's why they limited both of them.   Edit: DONT FUCKING PULL OUT OF GME FOR AMC, WE NEED TO GET AMC GOING TO GET GME GOING, THATS WHAT I SAY    AMC    shares shorted last time was disclosed.  101m float  37% tutes ownership  That leaves around 60m float on market  44 out of 60 is over 70% short.  If they doubled down last week, we will see big moves coming  GO BIG   AMC HAS A STRONG BUY RATING,PT 23$, SO THIS IS BOTTOM
Probably one of the most level-headed analysis I've seen of the current state of the market and GME
From this guy Jim Bianco, don't know who he is but his tweet thread really registered to me as a perfect and super concise way of explaining the current situation:     Only scary thing I realized from this thread is that these margin calls on the shorters and banks could go systemic  ‍♂️  Any boomers here who have historical perspective on a short squeeze, other than the VW one? I mean VW was only like 20% of the float if I've done my DD correctly. In fact I don't think there has ever been a stock shorted more than 100% of the float... I guess no one really knows what is going to happen here.
A friendly reminder to all that Short Sellers are NOT the problem.
TL;DR:   Fuck Melvin.        It's very easy to get polarized and split groups down the middle, into "us vs them." While I agree that we stand united against abusive practices in the market, I don't think a majority of the people here have a proper appreciation of it.    Short sellers are not the problem here.   Short sellers are a necessary part of our markets, part of a "healthy ecosystem", if you will. - Short sellers helped expose the housing credit fiasco banks were running that led to the 2008 crash, and if they hadn't, it could have ended up much worse.  - Short sellers helped expose Valeant, a pharmaceutical company that was hiking the prices of live-saving drugs, because they knew people had no choice but to buy those drugs.   In 2003, a statement was written to the SEC by James Chanos that further elaborates:   "Many of the major corporate frauds and bankruptcies of the past quarter century were first exposed by short sellers doing fundamental research: Enron, Tyco, Sunbeam, Boston Chicken, Baldwin United, MicroStrategies, Conseco, ZZZZBest and Crazy Eddie are but a few examples of this phenomenon."   ,few%20examples%20of%20this%20phenomenon.  We need short sellers.           What we DON'T need are groups that artificially short a stock into oblivion through uncovered (naked) trading.           That's what these hedge funds, and others, were doing. They wrote contracts agreeing to buy/sell a ton of shares at a certain price at a certain date... except they don't actually  have  the cash to be doing this with. What they were hoping to happen was keep the price down to ensure that the contracts would be profitable without ever needing to actually own the shares or have the cash to begin with.  And if you don't care about the cost of buying shares... then what's stopping you from just writing as many contracts as you want? Free money, right?  Well, they got caught with their pants down. Short interest on GME skyrocketed to 140%, and people sniffed something fishy reeeeaaal quick. Now, these firms are getting screwed because they'll be contractually obligated to buy the shares at whatever price we can sell them for.  In my mind, there's a powerful moral in this story for everyone here, especially newbies:   NEVER. SELL. NAKED. OPTIONS.   This should be  Trading Safety 101 .  Kids, if you want to sell a call option and collect that juicy premium money, you better own 100 shares of that company for when the piper comes calling. Likewise, if you want to sell a put option, you had better have enough cash to  actually buy  100 of those shares at whatever price you picked.  Most brokers will enforce this on individuals,   but these firms and market makers are getting a pass, and I think it's time for that to end.   There wouldn't be any need for bailouts if people quit doing stupid shit, and if the executives responsible were actually held accountable (unlike 2008.)  Sincerely, some random Theta that just wants this whole thing to be over so I can get back to selling  covered  calls on my shares of BB, AMC, and so on, without waking up to find out they all jumped 1700% in one night. Sheesh.    also, this tooootally  isn't  financial advice... yeah...
GameStop Update 4: Weekend Recap
For those who missed it... Here is what happened this week.  1. The week started with a big push into GameStop. GameStop is a company that by most accounts is/was struggling to build a profitable financial model. Their 52 Week low was $  per share. Giving them a Market Cap of roughly $200 Million. 2. Melvin Capital, a Multi-Billion Dollar hedge fund has shorted the company (bet the stock will go down). In fact, somehow Melvin Capital has managed to allegedly short roughly 140% of the shares, borrowing more shares than are actually in existence. Side note: when you buy a stock, you can only lose the money you invested. However, when you short a stock your losses are theoretically infinite. 3. The extreme short position by Melvin Capital created a potential buying opportunity which was identified months ago by Reddit user DeepFuckingValue. If you can buy enough stock and options of a highly shorted company, the short seller (Melvin Capital) is forced to take losses. They may also need to rebuy shares to settle margin calls which can cause the stock to go up even more. 4. Over the past few months DeepFuckingValue's positions in GameStop have become something of legend, as the price went from his initial purchase price of around $5 per share, to opening the week at around $90 per share. Along the way both retail and institutional investors have gotten behind DFV and the short squeeze. 5. One famous investor who invested big behind DFV is the legend Michael Burry who you may know from The Big Short. He put a large buy position on and is rumored to have made well over $300 million. 6. By Tuesday night the stock is up HUGE closing the day around $145 per share 7. We enter what is known as a Gamma Squeeze this is a cascading effect that occurs when prices move up quickly against short sellers. Quick Analogy: If a short squeeze is fast like a Corvette, a Gamma Squeeze is fast like a Tesla in Plaid mode with a Space X Rocket booster strapped to it (we will get to Elon later). 8. Wednesday morning: "We Like The Stock". Stock moves to over $300 per share and closes the day over $350 9. The band of retail investors, Robinhood traders, and heavy hitters grows huge on the buy side. Elon Musk steps up, for those who don't know Elon, in addition to being the richest man in the world he also is likely not a huge fan of Melvin Capital as he went to battle with them when they tried to short sell Tesla 10. Melvin Capital's losses are reaching a point of potentially financially breaking their entire fund, allegedly, Citadel steps in to lend a few billion to help bail out Melvin Capital. 11. A Battle Cry is let out "We can Stay retarded longer than they can stay solvent" 12. Thursday morning GameStop opens up to an insane upswing and hits over $450+ per share. DeepFuckingValue is man of lore as his initial $50k investment is now worth over $50m 13. Here is where things get dark... 14. At this point in time Robinhood and a few other brokerage houses stop allowing traders to buy GameStop. Betraying their own user base. They only allow you to hold or sell. Allegedly from many reports, Citadel who helped bail out Melvin Capital is actually one of the biggest customers of Robinhood. To better understand how this might have happened, Robinhood operates as a platform that allows traders trade commission free, but part of the business model is to then sells the data of how retail traders are trading to large institutional players like Citadel. In other words, if you are using the product for free you are the product and your data is being sold. 15. According to Justin Kan "Citadel reloaded their shorts before they told Robinhood to stop trading GME" 16. GameStop Shares drop from $450+ per share to $130 per share in a matter of minutes as many traders literally are only able to sell. 17. The list of big players supporting GameStop erupts. Names include: AOC, Dave Portnoy, Mark Cuban, Elon Musk, and Chamath Palihapitiya all who are outraged by the events. Many call for the founders of Robinhood to face potential jail time. 18. WallStBets Reddit channel explodes to over 6 million users. 19. Shares climb back slightly on Thursday to end the day just under $200 a share 20. Friday opens with a big step up, Opening around $345. Robinhood allows some highly limited purchases of GameStop. Despite limitations, the share price holds closing the week at around $325 per share. 21. GameStop is now a $22 Billion company 22. DeepFuckingValue is on the front page of The Wall St. Journal.  Until Next Time... Can't Stop, Won't Stop, GameStop
[GME] Why I feel less optimistic after Friday
Please don't lynch me. No, I wasn't paid by Melvin to deter your cause. I'm mostly looking for people to tell me why I'm wrong because all the posts I see are full of shit and are so overly emotional that they seem to lack any kind of logic. Everyone was saying there will be a short ladder attack before close, there wasn't. Everyone was saying there will be a gamma squeeze if we close over 320 and there wasn't. Friday was the first time when I didn't feel I understand what is actually happening - does anybody? Something feels off and we might even have been lead into a trap by Melvin or other hedge funds for them to recoup their losses, So please hear me out first.  (1) Public attention hit its maximum on Friday after being already extremely high on Thursday. It will likely subside rapidly next week especially if we have big dips.  (2) Most calls in the money were probably bought by people who actually don't have the funds to cover them. AH, suddenly 4 million shares were traded (after 40 million) for the whole day, the price dropped rapidly. IMHO what happened is that RH automatically liquidated 40k calls ITM because the holders didn't have enough funds to exercise them (  for a $115 call you need 11500 in your account). This freed up the need to hedge those shares and they were immediately sold.  (3) Calls are now available up to 800 and they're actually not as expensive as you might think, so it's actually possible to hedge shorts quite effectively at this point. If the price doesn't hit $1000 soon, it will be very hard to squeeze. And we need to get there with buying shares only against people who can probably load up on shorts still and without the buying pressure of a squeeze and with considering (1).  (4) Short interest might still be 120%, but these are now people that shorted between 400 and 500 and are already hedged with let's say 600 calls.  (5) A squeeze to infinity would take down brokers and probably the entire market. Do you really believe this is going to happen? Don't be ridiculous. They can change the rules as they please and they did it before.  (6) There are two many players involved now. Before it was an easy story. One hedge fund fucked up their risk management and redditors fuck with them. Now you have people who just FOMOed in and actually have no clue about the underlying squeeze and gamma squeeze theory (because IMHO it actually doesn't work anymore). You have other hedge funds for which I don't know if they're actually going for the squeeze or just trying to get as much money from retailers piling in. What if they loaded up on short all the time around 330, then let the price fall to 250 and buy back in just to give the illusion that retailers still control the situation? To me the price movements look extremely professional, this IMHO is not retail driven anymore. Even if they go for the squeeze. What tells you that they will not be the only one capitalizing on it leaving retailers holding the bag? They know the game 100 times better than any of you and _will_ screw you over.  (7) We actually don't know who is short where and how it's hedged. Simple as that. Before it was Melvin shorted probably around 50 and in deep shit, now who the hell knows. We don't know if they actually covered. There's also dark pools btw. Just because volume was low is not a guarantee this didn't happen.  I thought about this long and hard. Here are IMHO the possible outcomes.  (A) People lose interest next week. The price will fall, people will panic sell. And a lot of you people will lose a lot of money you can't afford to lose. I feel extremely sorry about that because I really liked the movement.  (B) The government will intervene and offer $10k to every GME holder per share to resolve the situation. The money has to be paid by Melvin, regulations will change etc. I think this is highly unlikely as it feels unfair to the people not joining.  (C) The squeeze will go to infinity, each of you will be a billionaire and wallstreet will completely collapse together with the global stock market, because everyone in power who could have easily prevented it by just changing the rules will think it's time for a revolution and it would be unfair towards retailers to intervene. If you believe that, you are seriously retarded, and not in a good way.  (D) The price will keep going up a little bit, but it's not a squeeze. It's orchestrated by hedge funds to make their money back from all the people piling in believing they are still fighting although the battle is already lost. Once they realize, people lose interest the price goes to zero and people will lose everything.  (E) We will have more pressure and there's actually some squeezing going on. It could go to maybe 5000 before the government steps in, halts trading and most likely forces gamestop to dilute shares. Force because Gamestop really enjoys the attention and would draw a lot of hate doing this. But actually getting a lot of free money would probably be more attractive still, so they might do it even without being forced once they can negotiate a good deal with Melvin or whoever is interested to buy the shares at a reasonable price.  Don't get me wrong. I believe in the movement and I'm immensely proud of everyone showing immense solidarity fighting the right fight, just don't be only led by your emotions, also stop to think and add some logic.  I'm still long 100 shares, because I might be wrong, but I just feel after Friday the risk is significantly higher. Please safe, only invest what you're happy to lose (because this is the most likely outcome) and don't forget to try and understand what's actually happening.  Edit: After thinking even longer and harder I now realize that the total amount of shares is super low and that's right there a good  logical  argument why after all this might work. None of you idiots pointed this out to me though. Good luck everyone. I'll hold my remaining shares, now that I have more than just an emotional reason. Thanks for all the thoughtful comments and insults. I also got added to the controversial club since apparently this thread was one of the most controversial in entire reddit
Weekend reading, past litigations after a short squeeze
MAAX Holdings    >Philip Falcone, the billionaire hedge-fund manager who must actually admit wrongdoing in a regulatory settlement, did something many people on Wall Street wish they could do. He put a short squeeze on the   Squid. In 2006, Goldman Sachs GS,    , as the great cephalopod is officially known, was shorting distressed high-yield bonds from a bathroom-fixtures manufacturer called MAAX Holdings Inc. Goldman, one of the most powerful investment banks in the world, was also encouraging its customers to do the same   >   >...   >   >After hearing that a firm was shorting the bonds, Falcone purchased the entire issue of bonds. He also lent the bonds to the short-sellers, and then bought them back when the traders sold them. As a result, his total exposure exceeded the entire issue of the MAAX bonds. Falcone then stopped lending the bonds, so that short-sellers could not liquidate their positions anymore. The price of the bonds rose dramatically. The short-sellers could only liquidate their positions by contacting Falcone directly.   >   >...   >   >On June 27, 2012, the   Securities and Exchange Commission filed securities fraud charges against Falcone and Harbinger Capital Partners, alleging that Falcone "used fund assets \[of $  million\] to pay his taxes, conducted an illegal 'short squeeze' to manipulate bond prices, secretly favored certain customers at the expense of others, and that Harbinger unlawfully bought equity securities in a public offering, after having sold short the same security during a restricted period."   >   >...   >   >The Securities and Exchange Commission today announced that New York-based hedge fund adviser Philip A. Falcone and his advisory firm Harbinger Capital Partners have agreed to a settlement in which they must pay more than $18 million and admit wrongdoing.  Falcone also agreed to be barred from the securities industry for at least five years.       Volkswagen    >In October 2008, a short squeeze triggered by an attempted takeover by Porsche temporarily drove the shares of Volkswagen AG on the Xetra DAX from €  to over €1000 in less than two days, briefly making it the most valuable company in the world. Then-Porsche CEO Wendelin Wiedeking was charged with market manipulation over his role in the event.   >   >...   >   >The hedge funds – Elliott, Glenhill, Glenview and Perry Capital – filed a lawsuit at the New York Southern District Court on Monday, in an attempt to recoup large losses suffered by them after a VW share price surge triggered by Porsche’s takeover attempt of Europe’s largest carmaker. The funds are accusing Porsche and its former chief executive and chief financial officers, Wendelin Wiedeking and Holger Härter, of market manipulation and of disguising their aim to buy more than 75 per cent of VW’s shares in order to take full control over VW. “The complaint alleges that the defendants repeatedly misled investors and lied about Porsche’s positions and intentions with respect to VW,” the funds said in a press release.   >   >...   >   >Germany’s highest civil court dismissed an appeal by 19 hedge funds including Viking Global Equities LP, Glenhill Capital LP and David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital Inc., Porsche Holding said Friday in a statement. The investors were seeking around   billion euros (US$  billion) in damages from alleged market manipulation triggered by short-selling transactions, swaps and options related to VW voting stock.       KaloBios by   /u/martinshkreli\ \ /\ \   >As KBIO’s share price had been spiking, short interest had been growing.  And Shkreli now owned 70% of the outstanding shares.   Then on Thanksgiving Day 2015, when markets were closed, Shkreli tweeted that he had decided to recall his KBIO shares that had been lent out to short sellers.  The resulting squeeze was just a simple math problem.  When Shkreli recalled his shares, brokers would be forced to buy-in the short sellers, causing it to spike uncontrollably.   >   >...   >   >On December 17th, 2015, just one month after the 44 cent bottom on KBIO, Shkreli was arrested by the FBI on federal fraud charges. The fraud charges were totally unrelated to anything with KBIO, but with no ability to access financing KBIO immediately sought Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. By January, KBIO shares had already been delisted from the NASD  # TL;DR: (lawsuits, fines and bans, YES but only if your counterparty is Goldman Sachs),  convictions no, jail time no
Whats the biggest bear thesis working against us?
So, i was thinking. With all the new people flooding in, all the attention from politicians, billionaires and general hype, if we were to play devils advocate here: Why won't the short squeeze happen?  We saw in the last days that the system is rigged and there is no justice for us. I dont care where Citadel will be fined some time in the future, that will be too late for us. SEC should act accordingly now, but we all know thats not gonna happen  That being said, i havent sold a single share since September and im not fucking selling now!  550@12$
Redigan Carter on the WSB insurgency
Hi all new WSB subscribers. Some useful info if you’re new to the sub:
Never forget the retard way:                                                    1. Hear stonks from Elon.                                                             2. Proceed to feel deep FOMO by imagining yourself telling your wife’s boyfriend that, hence forth, you shall wear the pants in your castle. He has to clean up after the sex he has with your wife from now on.  Then buy at all time highs, while telling all your friends you’re basically a millionaire.  Act like you have insider information and are about to short the housing market back in 2008.                                                                         3. Stock goes down 10%, so naturally freak out and sell everything, realize your loss. Get mad at the hedgefunds and say “fuck it I’m going to make it back”.    4. Eureka moment “stonks only go up”.                            5. Find positive posts with rockets, preferably ones that confirm your bias, learn a bit of DD (yes dungeons and dragons) in the process, mainly so you feel somewhat confident about your decision making.                             6. Print some 💵 and get some 🍗 .  If you make some serious tendies then get out that door and do something nice for your wife’s boyfriend, you wouldn’t have a wife if it wasn’t for him after all.    In the mean time keep flipping them Wendy’s burgers until you can open your own wendys,  share good information              .                                           -Another retard
We need to get the numbers clear about Melvin Capital losses
I've seen dozen of comments of people about the shorts loosing millions or billions of dollars a day without any source or explanation. If we want to get a clear overview of the current situation we need to have to most up to date data just like the short interest. Therefore I've got some questions which I hope someone smarter than me might answer better. What is the best estimate of the interest Melvin Capital needs to pay PER DAY in order to maintain their positions at current price levels? How long can they realistically maintain their positions with possible more injections from other hedgefunds coming in? To whom do they need to pay the interest and how is this rate determined? I hope someone can clarify this up a bit.
ROBINHOOD I hope you read this.
Dear Robinhood,  Due to your actions last week you forced many of us to make a decision of what platforms we will be using to trade from in the future. I personally moved all of my funds from RH to another platform. What you may not realize is that there are a LOT of people who did this as well. All of my funds will become available to trade with on Monday morning as I'm sure many other peoples will be too.   You fucked yourself and your friends... as come Monday morning will be a whole lot more capital ready to be reivested in GME, AMC, NOK, BB and what ever the fuck other stocks I LIKE.  I LIKE THIS STOCK, I LIKE THIS COMPANY, I LOVE RYAN COHEN and FUCKING LOVE MY FELLOW RETARDS. We are not just lowly elite, we are the SUPER ELITE.   APES STRONG TOGETHER  ALL SHARES MATTER  Can't Stop, Won't Stop, GameSTONK!  Edit:      GME GANG Going to fucking ANDROMEDA                                  Edit 2: It seems some people are still asking if its too late to buy. I value this stock at $  and that's what I'm willing to walk away with. I'm not a financial advisor and this is not financial advice. With that being said... a life with out taking risks is a life having to wear a condom EVERY FUCKING TIME while you continually pound Melvin's Ass.  Edit 3: Next step.... we reached 320 this week and that was our target. Congrats all my fellow degenerates as we held the line. As you can see they are now offering up to 800 on next week's options. That's our next target. The squeeze could happen or it may not happen next week but we have a target in sight. They are trying to do everything in their power to suppress our valuation. Hold strong autists. We set the price. Prediction: GME opens Monday 500+ and we continue on our mission.  Edit 4: A lot of people are asking me questions about what happened. I was trading GME since Jan 11th as a broke ass bitch, I threw in $200 played a nice $26 call before we spiked to 32 I was excited and cashed out to turn that into 30 shares of GME and hedged my way up to 55 shares over the following weeks. Im not rich, I think I just played this right move. Now here's what happened on Thursday... The Robinhood app blocked me from buying so my plan was to do a hedge on multiple platforms. Sell half on RH and rebuy after the inevitable ladder attack on my Webull account and then transfer my money there as well from RH. When I sold on RH they literally sold ALL of my shares not just my available shares since the others were locked up in limit sells. I panicked after that happened. And bought in as many as I could on my low funded Webull account. So I had to essentially sit out for the day. Friday full RH transfer hit my account and I set up a new account. Atleast I sold at around 380 and was able to buy back in below that. I owe about 70k in medical debt and GME gave me a chance at making up some of that, I'm +25k on a $200 investment, I need this. You need this. We all need this.  Edit 5: now I'm hearing a lot about people talking about possibly missing the short squeeze if they transfer. In all honestly do you fucking care at this point? I don't. I'm all in and have literally put every dime I possiy could on GME I don't really give a shit about it. We are making these cunts bleed out. And if something at some point hits my sell limit I'll be happy, but if it doesn't I don't care because I KNOW THAT I DID THE RIGHT THING.
For those of you missing the "good 'ol days" on WSB...
I've been around WSB now for about 5 years, mostly as a lurker.  I eventually created a reddit account but even then took a while to actually join the sub rather than just lurk.  So I was here for a good number of the "fun" moments of the last few years.  The box spreads that "literally can't go tits up".  Everyone piling on puts on snapchat.  Good 'ol Su Bae.  The great paper trading competition of 2019.  The ousting of "he who shall not be named" (the automod removed my post for mentioning his name).  Etcetera, etcetera...   But this will be my first post.  Over the last week and especially the last 24 hours, I've seen a LOT of comments in the pinned threads lamenting the fact that WSB is forever changed and that it's time for another paper trading competition.  I want to speak to that for a moment and if the mods would be so kind as to keep this post up I'd be very grateful.  First of all, yes, WSB has changed, but that's a  good thing.   You know who else doesn't want change?  The hedge funds, and Wall Street.  The whole point of this thing that is happening IS CHANGE.  The fact that the world is standing to attention right now says something about this is real and that is much more important than being able to remove some noobs because their IQ is too high.  Even worse than the comments calling for noobs to be eliminated, I've seen many commenters dissing people who can only afford small amounts of shares or even fractional shares.  So now WSB is elitist and you have to be wealthy to join and have fun in the markets?  NO!  That's the entire point of this place and GME and this week is that the market SHOULD NOT BE FOR THE ELITE ONLY.    Have 5mil and want to invest?  Great!  Have $5 and want to invest.  Great!    WSB endlessly attacks CNBC, etc for not being able to see that GME is NOT about WSB or the fundamentals of these companies, or about making money.  But it's about something much bigger.  And those people who are crying out for all the noobs here to be banned are no better than the entrenched elite like Stephen Weiss who yesterday called this whole thing a "load of crap".  We all saw the open letter pinned earlier this week and the responses to it.  We all lived through last year.  And for the first time in a VERY long time, I feel like the world is coming together to unite rather than to divide and it feels f'ing GOOD.  Let the moment stand for a bit.  I promise you that eventually people will forget about this and we will all start attacking each other again and most of the noobs on WSB will never set foot in this place again.  But for now, for today, for this weekend, and maybe a while more, let's be excellent to one another and not decide the worth of someone over how long they've had a reddit account or how much money is in their bank account.  So to all the noobs:  Welcome!  Hope you enjoy your stay.  It gets a little weird around here, so it would save you a lot of time if you just gave up and went mad now.     Edit: getting a lot of flack for no emojis so I'd just like to add 📈  💪
Interactive Brokers chairman sells $IBKR stock (their CFO and CIO also)
Yes   IBKR   is one of the brokers that   restricted $AMC and $GME   option buying, although they are well capitalized and have direct market access.        (The chairman's insider sales were planned in his 8K submission in November, which said he can sell up to X shares every session:)    $IBKR Chairman Peterffy said they halted buying of these companies to   "protect the market  " (whose market?)     I have a short position on IBKR (not investment advice).
No one needs to worry if DFV sells! Over 1 Billion in shares sold Thursday morning. Stonk still go up.
$500 Donation For Every $50 Increase in GME Price. $4500 Donation To St Jude So Far
Mind blown
Support your company by buying their goods!  GME   BB   AMC   NOK
Everyone of you know about lululemon,   why   did the stock price go up 100x from 2009? Because we like the stock, we like the girls, but most importantly we purchase the goods! More tight yoga pants = leads to more sales of more sheer tight pants, literally cannot lose.  Support your company through buying their products.     Gamestop    - why buy games anywhere else?          Blackberry      Cylance - protect your boomer parents from   clicking every link possible   on the internet and get the virtual corona, then call tech support in India and get scammed for $  and then their credit card maxed out when they can buy another share of GME, or 30 shares of BB.        AMC    - fuck what can we do to help them out, cash infusion already done, can't go bankrupt.     NOK    - more below.    I think we have enough top level people watching this sub, where we can actually move stocks based on our preferences. Literally giving fundamentals where they weren't there before.    We at not all retard paperboys like myself who make $  an hour, some of us are top executives who can decide to   switch   tens of thousands of our Cyber protection products from crowdstrike to Blackberry.   We have the power   change   purchase location everything we play through gamestop and more depending on how papa Cohen directs this ship.  We have the power to   hit   that AMC theater when it is available and make movie watching great again at AMC.  I will even go as far to say that we have people here who can   decide   the fate of Nokia's 5G future watching this sub.     We like the STONKS!
The millions of new degenerates who were just introduced to investing by GME and are here for guidance will soon flood the entire stock market
So,  I want you all to think about the stocks you invested in when you first started investing    When was the last time some rando work associate has asked you “hEy HaVe yoU hEaRD aBoUT GAMESTOP???” Probably this morning. I want you all to know that all those people who have had absolutely no insight on investing will want to put their GME (to da moon) winnings into solid Stonks just like we all did when we started investing. You all started with the FAANG MT. So will all these new degenerates who have just gotten into things.   Remember Stonks only go up :)   Gme: 2/5 310c Aapl: 7/16 130c
DTCC the main US clearinghouse for stock trades raised the capital requirements industry wide to $  from $26b thurs, a 30% increase
What do you need to be a Demon Slayer AND a Hedge-fund Slayer? DIAMOND HANDSSS
PSA: The outsider influence coordinate attacks have gotten smarter. Details on how to do DD on posters inside.
So, we all remember the first attack on WSB last week, resulting in the sub going private for an hour so that the mods could get things under control.  If you recall, it was a pure numbers game. Insane amount of obvious bots with brand new accounts spamming tickers and   with no other actual content.  It was extremely easy to spot and report suspicious accounts. Mods took control quickly.  They have adapted.   Quickly  . The manipulation is currently much more sophisticated.  HFs underestimated individual investors and currently find themselves in a world of trouble. Do not make the same mistake they did. Consider the following:     Every time you see a post that is ever so subtly guiding your attention away from GME, or has a general tone that the squeeze is basically over, or is giving good SI indicators about other potential squeezes etc, open their profile and do the following:      Posts  . Things to look for:  1. What were they posting about a few weeks ago. If its only topics unrelated to finance/investing➡️suspicious 2.  When was the last time they made a post before starting to post about GME/investing. If theres a time horizon greater than 2+ weeks between their usual activity and current GME squeeze posts➡️suspicious .  3.  Telltale signs : Account has a long history, posting about topics unrelated to finance and investing. Out of the blue, successive GME squeeze related posts.       Comments  :   1. Scroll through the comments to get a general sentiment and feeling of how “real” the account is. If they seem to be parroting a lot of GME squeeze related stances in great succession, followed once again by a time period cushion before their usual comments on other unrelated topics ➡️suspicious     TL;DR: I will not repeat what everyone has heard and is already well aware of by now. We are in a historic event. The stakes are high. Huge sums are involved. Recognize the magnitude of the situation and approach every interaction with caution. Social media manipulation has been “solved” over the last decade, be constantly aware of that. Any information you read, always do your own research, on the topic and on the source itself.  And, of course GME      EDIT: In regards to the 2+ week time horizon between non finance topics and GME, that only applies to POSTS that are very confident in their advice. Obviously that doesn’t apply to comments. People have naturally gravitated from non finance topics to this historic event over the past few weeks(5m+ new members in a week says it all)
FUCK ROBINHOOD
Robinhood has become the worst trading platform. Blocking shares you can buy, starting with the ones that everyone wanted to buy to save their own skin. Now throwing up a smokescreen and blocking multiple other stocks to make it seem like they are doing this for a bigger reason but we all really know what’s happening.   Look at Fidelity, I switched from Robinhood to them last year and they’ve been awesome. Accounts are free to open, $0 commissions, they haven’t blocked any stocks throughout this whole saga. It may take signing a couple extra forms to verify your identity with them but you also get a great customer service team to help answer any questions you have.  Any platform that gets to choose what stocks its retail investors can buy is completely bullshit, IF WE LIKE THE STOCK LET US BUY THE STOCK.
The Table Where The Games Stop: A metaphor that is most certainly not financial advice.
Story time, retards. Put on your reading glasses because your autistic ass doesn't get a TL:DR on this one, and you degenerates don't get any fucking emojis from me either.   Ahem   The Gay Bears had run a casino for a long time, and the house was rigged. The Retard Bulls who played knew this; but some were able to get lucky; so the other Retard Bulls mostly just looked the other way while the Gay Bears stole millions and millions of dollars from the Bulls' parents every ten years or so.  Until one day an especially autistic bull named Diamond Hooves learned how to count cards, and sought to get rich. Counting cards is not illegal, and Diamond Hooves secretly employed his method of card counting at many different tables in the casino, and he made a lot of money. But Diamond Hooves was very upset with what he saw while he won his money in the casino. Many other bulls were losing money to the Gay Bears, and it made Diamond Hooves very sad at first; and then very angry.  In his contempt for what the Gay Bears had done to his autistic bretheren, Diamond Hooves started to teach his secret method of card counting to every bull he knew. Once he was satisfied that he had educated enough of his bretheren, he led them to the most vulnerable table in the entire casino. The intention was clear, the Retard Bulls had all gathered of their own free will for a single purpose: To sit and play at the table where the Games Stop.  Diamond Hooves was very clear about his table selection, and he had indeed chosen the right table to bankrupt the Gay Bears. This was becoming clear to other Retard Bulls who had not yet decided that they wanted to join Diamond Hooves in counting cards at the table where the games stop. Unfortunately, the Gay Bears also knew that their casino could lose all of its money if too many Bulls counted cards at the table where the games stop; and they had a plan to defeat the bulls.  The Bears employed strongarm tactics to scare the bulls away from the table at first; but this only drew more bulls in. The Beears then stacked the decks against the bulls; but so many bulls had come to the table that it didn't matter. The bulls knew that they had to be willing to be bagholders. They had to be like Diamond Hooves.  The Gay Bears lured the bulls to other tables that would only serve to delay victory at the table where the Games Stop, and sucked them in to the losing tables with false comforts like movies and blackberries. Eventually some of these poor Bulls lost all of their money; but some were able to take the money they stashed away while watching movies and eating blackberries and take it back to the table where the Games Stop. If they had not done this; the battle may have been lost to the Gay Bears.  The Bears had one final set of tricks up their sleeves; and they disallowed any more Bulls to sit at the table where the Games Stop, and then limited new arrivals; and they started a program of disinformation. The Bears sought to villify the Retard Bulls playing at the table where the Games Stop, and they also sought to cover their losses by luring other bulls  into the casino so that they could lose money while eating blackberries and watching movies. It was never forgotten the the Bulls playing with Diamond Hooves at the table where the Games Stop were the good guys, or that the Gay Bears were the bad guys. Too many bulls had been bankrupted. Too many bull families had been kept in poverty for too many generations. The Game had to Stop.  To this day Diamond Hooves is still sitting at the table, calling his bretheren to count cards and bankrupt the casino. More and more bulls are joining, and the stakes keep getting higher and higher. Can you hear him in the distance?  "Remain at the table where the Games Stop with Diamond Hooves!"  "This does not work unless you are willing to hold an empty bag with Diamond Hooves!"  "Don't be distracted by movies or blackberries or anything else. Come play with Diamond Hooves!"  "Come to the table where the Games Stop with Diamond Hooves!"  Disclaimer: This is a metaphor; so it is DEFINITELY NOT TO BE CONSTRUED AS FINANCIAL ADVICE.  GME, 5 shares bought at 360ish because I am more autistic than you; and I like the fucking stock more than you.  I will play with diamond hands.  I am willing to hold an empty bag with diamond hands.  I will not be distracted by AMC or BB or any other stonk.  I will do my part to make the Game Stop with diamod hands.  Will you?
Hold!
Doing my part! Just bought a billboard to run all next week on I-35 between Austin and Dallas!
A wholehearted 🖕🏻 to hedge funds from Switzerland! You got me with your recent short-ladder tbh, but get this: this position goes to 🌘 or to zero!  ✊🏻
NICE FREEDOM OF SPEECH
Analysis: Robinhood and Reddit protected from lawsuits by user agreement, Congress
Just got my Diamond Handed Autist!!!
Despite GME, let's not forget the incredible run Tesla had...
Rule #2 Double Tap
NPR Planet Money’s fair coverage of GME saga - featuring interview with u/imposter22
HIMS and OPEN YOLO Update - 157k to $  Cathie loaded up on both
Down over $1 Million on Thursday, back on track yesterday. I'm not fucking selling
Revenge of the pesants (sound on)
Effect of calls expiring ITM on Friday?
With GME closing above 320 that allowed people to exercise their options to buy shares on any ITM contract. The calls with the highest open interest were 320 and almost everything between 100 and 200.  So what I am confused about is how does this benefit retail GME shareholders? I understand it decreases the amount of available shares which only helps load up the rocket to Alpha Centauri. However, what is stopping hedge funds from buying the contracts before close themselves and exercising, allowing them to start getting an advantage in owning more shares? Once they own the shares can't they just sell covered calls on them into next week and start making enough to make back a portion of losses? Is there even enough shares available to allow everyone to exercise?  EDIT: Thank you for the replies! I understand better now.  One last question:  Of course shorts will not willingly be covering at 500%+ losses and will try to drag this out as long as possible in hopes that us retards cave in. Ultimately, is the thing that will set this off the brokers who will start closing the shorts for the hedge funds at any price because hedge funds are unable to meet margin requirements and pay off their interests? I'm assuming this is represented by the "days to cover" number.
$GME Weekends Be Like...
I've never had a 5 digit account. This week saw gains over 20k down to 15k still  🏽
Been here for a year but haven’t seen anything like GME. ~$400 dollars to ~51k with GME calls. Thanks boys. (still buying back in Monday, hold boys, hold!🤚 )
An Open Letter to All Following "The Big Short Squeeze"
What a whirlwind of a week. It’s unraveled so quickly, primarily in an arena hardly understood by many, that it’s not surprising the real human story would somehow get tangled within the misinformation of social and corporate media. The story arcs are so complex and the threads so wrapped up in a frayed society that it’s difficult to trace them back to the supposed players in any given corner. The entire world, since this devastating virus hit, is a testament to that.   It would be a disservice to any reader to demarcate these players and their roles in this game because you likely already have your own understanding of who they are and what their objective may be. And if not, there’s a plethora of information strewn across the internet. This letter isn’t meant to sway or convince you of which corner of the ring to hang your hat on. It's my own personal synthesis trying to make sense of all the forces at work here, and it’s an entreaty for every reader to zoom out and take into account the blooming dynamic of an increasingly fractured society, and hopefully come to your own conclusions about how we all got here.  Now, more than ever, we have been using actions over words in an attempt to be heard. And this particular week, the drama played out on Wall Street between Hedge Funds and millions of individuals, and has become another dog-eared page in the history book of whatever the hell we’re going through right now.   It should come as no surprise that millions of individuals emptied their linty pockets to put forward whatever money they had in order to back a company that had been shorted to oblivion during a time of crisis and quarantine. These are the same people who got tangled in the outdated bureaucratic unemployment system, or were forced to work because they were suddenly deemed essential. And yet they still struggled to find ways to pay rent, buy diapers, food, and worry about the ramifications of contracting the virus not because they feared for their life, but because the medical bills were more of a death sentence than the virus.   Meanwhile, these short sellers maintained their long positions, which were essentially tantamount to rooting for the death knell of one of the few companies actually helping many stay sane during the quarantine; second, perhaps, only to any local animal shelter. Once lauded as virtuous for rooting out fraud within corrupt companies, it’s become clear that short sellers lost their path somewhere along the way, which isn’t a surprise, really, because the entire concept is that they’re betting on something to fail for their own benefit.  And here’s the thing: almost everyone on this WallStreetBets subreddit bought into this company because, you guessed it: they like the stock. When it was announced that Ryan Cohen (the man responsible for putting those Chewy boxes on doorsteps that were infinitely more valuable to pets than the toys in them) became a board member, enthusiasm shot through the roof. The so-called “tendies’ only became more juicy when WSBers realized the hedge funds held long shorts, due to the intrinsic value that many believed GameStop now possessed with a newly added visionary board member, and the faith that they could pivot from their old business model into a highly successful new one.  More and more individual retail investors read the due diligence written and posted by numerous Redditors over the course of several months last year, and also threw their money behind the company. And then when the hedge funds’ initial long contracts expired: they doubled down. And retail investors still believed in this stock, so they kept buying it. And then hedge funds doubled down again. Instead of cutting their losses, the hedge funds KEPT. DOUBLING. DOWN. Which brings us to the immediate present, and the entire maelstrom playing out before our very eyes.   What initially started as a very enticing investment opportunity for retail investors quickly morphed into what was effectively a hedge fund throwing around billions of dollars to save themselves from the absurd and somehow still legal short contracts they placed in the first place. And in reflecting on everything that happened in 2008, it should come as no surprise that millions of individual retail investors would legally do whatever was in their power to actually hold these hedge funds accountable for their actions this time around.   At this point, no one really knows what happens next, and there are numerous possibilities as to what the fallout may be. And to offer any speculation could be construed as potentially misleading, and harmful, at worst. These are the facts as one individual sees them after much due diligence and synthesis. What each and every one of you does with this information is your own responsibility.   Power to the Players,        rogue4goat         DISCLAIMER: I first purchased 70 shares of GME in December @ $19, and have reinvested over the last several weeks. I bear no claims of offering advice in any manner, and as such, please do not DM me requesting it.
UK Alternatives to Trading212 without a middleman
I’ve seen a lot of posts discussing how Fidelity and Vanguard are able to fulfil orders without a middleman so weren’t in the same boat as Robinhood and refused to restrict trading.  After Trading212 pulled the same shit Thursday, I was wondering if there are equivalent UK apps?  As I understand it:    Freetrade - Uses a third party and restricted some US stocks (Edit: Freetrade state this was due to their currency exchange house refusing to change sterling for USD)    Revolut - Uses a third party (Edit: Generally positive ITT but no ISA wrapper)    Etoro - Uses a third party and restricted some US stocks    HL - Terrible app, long order fulfilment time (Edit: Some people ITT say it’s great though and only experienced issues at open)    Saxo? (Edit: Loads of people rate Saxo)    Degiro - Seems popular on the continent but no ISA wrapper    I probably can’t switch now because I prefer to trade in an ISA wrapper but looking for an alternative post April.  Obligatory: This is not financial advice and I’m not looking for advice either, just information.  Also: $GME        🏻
So, fellow tards, I want to help with the silver issue (Futures) and need some intel.
I could convince some business partners with quite some buying power to hop on the silver train and hence need some information on potential future deals.  We're based in Europe and as far as I can tell, there are only american Silver futures available (CMEgroup). I don't have experience in trading futures.  So here are some open questions regarding this:  Can we as europeans trade CME silver futures and can we let them deliver to a warehouse in our Country? If yes, what about shipment costs?  reference:    There it's mentioned that March is an active future month. What does that mean? Physical delivery can only take place in march?  Additionally, fellow europeans - any idea about upcoming taxes for the physical delivery? We have to pay VAT for buying silver here as far as I know.  So - do you think the physical delivery is even possible? Also to Europe?  let's do this!  e/ I'm already long slv/pslv and silver options. And with slv I mean a european a fully backed european version "Xtrackers Physical Silver ETC"  e2/ why did I even ask in here! Does anybody even read the text? I know it requires an attention spawn of more than 20 seconds, but come on...  e3/ Some of you didn't fully comprehend, that it's all about getting silver physically. As far as I know, the Papermarket is 250 times bigger than the physical market. A Shortage in the physical market will potentially cause moon prices.  Just read the DDs on silver from the last days:        e4/ I don't want you degenerates to get out of your beloved GME stock. Hold as long as you want, my post here has nothing to do with GME. I'm just positioning myself for the next big thing and want to play it early.  e5/ Thanks kind        for the silver award (lol!) - I'll promise to buy some silver bars for that!
Let's get one thing clear
I feel like we should clarify something. This subreddit has seen a surge of 5,5m people in these last days. That's a lot of people and thats great. But I think theres a few people that don't know a lot about the short squeeze and are here for a quick buck.  if you thought you could profit by the end of this week, this was not the case. The shorts at Wednesday gained an advantage. Imagine if we could stop the market when we had a red day. We would all be billionaires by now. That's what they did.   I still think the squeeze is still in play though. This means, this will not be as quick and they expect new people to lose interest/panic sell so they can cover lower. It's all or nothing for them. They could pull more insane stuff by next week, you can count that as a possibility.   That's why its important to understand the play here and not just jump on the hype wagon. You're doing more harm that way. Learn about short squeezes and educate yourself on what has happened till now.   TLDR: I believe the squeeze is still on. But due to Thursday, it may have gone back a week or so. Due to a surge in people here, they may expected a squeeze to occur on friday. And I could imagine that hedge funds bet on new people losing interest. That's why its important to educate yourselves, To make your own opinion about the stock.   Obviously this is just my opinion. Don't treat this as financial advice.
RH closing positions and limiting buying due to risk
This is another sign that we're definitely in the endgame. We've seen examples of this in the past but I'll use a popular example:  Remember that scene in the Big Short when Morgan Stanley risk assessors come to talk to Mark Baum. Kathy takes the meeting because Mark's not there.  Vinnie calls Mark and tells him they are in building and TELLING KATHY MARK SHOULD SELL THEM THEIR POSITION.  We all know what happens next. Vinnie politely tells them to fuck off.       If that doesn't scream "we're fucked" i don't know what else is gonna change your mind.
although they write that Melvin is down 53% they continue on to say they are fine and that they even cleaned up their balance sheet!! I smell bs here and scare tactics to shake out paper hands!!Long GME, NOK, BB , NOK, this is not financial advice!!!
CRSR YOLO GANG
Papa Chen Needs your help.
Listen up retards, Papa Chen needs your help! Yup John BB Chen, this man is so retard he took the top autist job at BB when everyone wrote it off. This Autist said “I can’t spell bankruptcy, so I won’t try”. He was so retard he signed a deal that if the share price goes above $30 USD (aboot $  will print $90 Million USD cash bonus. The board all laughed at him never thinking this would payout.   My fellow pilots said he wept when the company sold the Global Express (you would to). This level of retard is too good for Westjet Premium Economy seating out of YKF. Let’s help Papa Chen get his Global Express back!   BB     Tldr; BB CEO gets 90 mil if share goes to $30
Unpopular opinion
(Downvote me you pagans, I can endure -50% karma for the gainz)  Mystic mac prediction is in.  Well done retards, you wiped $3t of wealth off of the market in just under a week!  Now if I was Mr. Wallstreet I would be pretty pissed, some have had to close their long positions to account for the losses. Not only did you make them loose their shorts, you made them loose their potential future gainz from those positions in "the big dip".  I'm going to be rational here and say this isn't sustainable. I'm just as retarded as you guys so this isn't advice but it's like having a gangbanging a pretty blonde with 6 million black dudes, eventually someone's gotta pull out. There's a LOT of new blood here, about 2 million and people are absolutely ecstatic right now. Any seasoned retard here will know how these things end.     My prediction next week:-   Market's go off their fuckin nut. Bubbles go up a gear and we see multiple moons a day. People are going to get fuk in volatility, gainz porn will quickly turn to loss porn and tendies will be swiped. If GME weakens it will be the beginning, the hedge funds will place their bets and all these rookies will chase red.  My position: 20 VIX @ $30  Good luck and fuck you!
Another BIG Wall Street Inefficiency - Why Callaway $ELY will go to the moon soon
First off, I cannot thank everyone in this sub enough. About 30 days ago, I made my first GameStop post, followed by some DDs. And well, we can see that everyone who listened was rewarded like crazy. Before you ask, yes, I am still holding $GME - and so should you! GME is a great value stock as we can be sure that Ryan Cohen and his team will take advantage of these positive news and make the company more successful than ever before.        Having that said, I am posting once again today with a different stock, that was mentioned in here a few times but should have been way more prevalent. Not the next $GME but it will go flying as well:  # CALLAWAY ($ELY) - Undervalued like crazy...  ℹ️  General Information :    Callaway ($ELY - named after the autistic founder's first name) is a company with $  billion market cap, huge growth potential and an absurdly undervalued stock price   Revenue: $  billion + $  billion for TopGolf pre-merger (2019)   Revenue growth of 30% YOY   USPGA has reported a 1,700% growth in participation among young people in the past decade   Over 500 Million rounds of golf were played in the   in the past year   98% of golf courses remained open for play during the pandemic and only about 9% reported a decrease in total tee time bookings     ⚡  Short Information (decent squeezing possible)     Nearly $500 million dollar shorted     Million trading volume on Friday     short float     📅  News :    Callaway recently acquired TopGolf (one of the most successful entertainment venues during the pandemic) -- This alone should make Callaway worth $  billion+   PT was recently raised to $40; analysts have been going crazy   Golf has never before seen a faster growth rate than in the past 12 months. Why? People are looking for a fun, safe way to be outside... plus we are seeing more and more younger people starting to play golf. It is not only an old+rich guy sport anymore   Jon Rahm, a golf professional ranked first by the Official World Golf Ranking in 2020, signed a multi-year equipment deal with $ELY and reportedly is playing better than ever before thanks to their advanced equipment   Callaway just announced new products, including a soft golf ball with increased control technology, and new drivers/fairway woods     is built for speed and may be a game changer for many people in the $70 billion industry       Here is the most important thing besides the huge misvaluation in the equipment sales:      $ELY acquired TopGolf with revenues of $  billion for an absurdly low price bc worries about the pandemic impact. Turns out that these worries were unsubstantiated...   u/PlatNoFeatures   described it well: "Topgolf is operating at a better capacity to pre-covid thanks to the spread-out open bay layout they use. Further, it licenses its ball tracing tech to other driving ranges, and this revenue stream is up 200%+ yoy"       🔮 Now, why is this important? Earnings are coming up and the firm is simply undervalued by Wall Street. Once again, it is up to us to fix what they are breaking and taking advantage of...  Note: As always, please be aware of your risk in trading stocks and always do your do diligence. But       TLDR; $ELY is an undervalued firm which recently acquired TopGolf. Low volume, more Wall Street autism and decent short float will make this stock fly around earnings (Feb 8th). T-8 days to launch, get strapped in ASAP       Positions: 200 shares, 35 $30c 2/19 (also still 190 shares $GME in case you are wondering)  Edit: Since most of you are too retarded to read full paragraphs: no, I’m not saying to sell $GME, and no this is not the next AMC or GME. But it still has a lot of potential to make you a bunch of money nonetheless  Edit 2: For all retards, $ELY is doing to golf what the rich don’t want to see. They are turning it into a game for anyone with TopGolf.
When the stock market crashes, money literally disappears into thin air.
Reminder retards: 1k is not the goal for GME, WE set the price. 10k a share. We CANNOT have the hedgefunds survive.
How fucking disappointing will it be if Citadel survives cause we saved them billions with a 1k goal. They WANT us to think 1k is the fucking goal. They save BILLIONS when we settle for 1k.   I also saw some shit about what if they squeeze to 800 to make us think the squeeze is squoze and we panic   cant have that shit. When name the price. They will come. Diamond hands.  I cannot stress enough this is not financial advice. I cant shower without the assistance of my wife's boyfriends and i shit standing. I cant read half of the words i wrote.  Seriously. I saw some comment saying somebody needed to make a post about this but im just a retard who said okay and ran with it. Idk shit.  Edit: i said 10k cause the paperhands at 1k dont understand the value of infinity  Edit 2: i got some comments asking if theres a way to know that theyll buy our shares even if they go bankrupt. Idk shit but i think the answer is no. If i had to guess, some people will get screwed. Idfk can somebody in the comments answer this?  Cause tbh i dont know fuck all about how this is gonna shake out i cant make that clear enough
Attention New Members: THE FASTEST WAY TO RECEIVE FLAIR
As you have all seen by now a lot of our members here have a flair. Some even have these amazing cryptic numerical flairs! These are the best flairs to get and getting one of these places you in the 1% of the 1% here at WSB.   These flairs are great for identifying like minded individuals!   So how can you get a flair just like them? It’s simple! Having a flair like this shows you have a tremendous interest in Politics and Coins! Simply comment a reply to a member and discuss your favorite coins, or even your favorite politics! Some of the best and fastest ways to get a flair is to talk about the 2020 election and how it was rigged!  Now get out there and get your flair!
Retail traders take the opposite bet from hedge funds who are caught more short a stock than exists and it’s the retail investors fault pointing out their malfeasance. Fuck off financially illiterate media and fuck of hedgies.
Melvin Capital Lost 53% in January, Hurt by GameStop and Other Bets
Diamond hands, boys, no matter where.
Melvin 🤡🤡🤡🤡
Melvin Capital lost 53%in January! Hope they learn!
Melvin Capital Lost 53% in January, Hurt by GameStop and Other Bets
Hype fuelled autist needing help
New to stocks/shares/magic numbers and I bought some on etoro.   and        Will I get tendies with this? I don't really care if I do, I'm more than happy to just hold and watch people lose yachts.
Melvin Capital Lost 53% in January, Hurt by GameStop, Other Bets - The Wall Street Journal.
lezzzgooooooo
Shorters and hedge funds don't bankrupt companies, they bankrupt undisciplined shareholders
A company cannot go bankrupt because of shorting or overshorting by hedge funds, normal people or bots. Yes, the share price could get significantly lower and the ability to raise capital ( issuing new shares) is diminished. Companies in trouble can still issue junk bonds and in these times its not so bad with these interest rates. I am not a fan of hedge funds but please  don't repeat this nonsense that I have read today a few times. They aren't the cause of bankruptcies. They are mostly like piranhas of undisciplined and impatient shareholders.
This is the   like this stock
Revenge is sweet, you will see,... ($GME)
If these hedge funds have been shorting or selling counterfeit stocks that could potentially be exposed through GME, fiat currency could collapse. This would explain their sudden push of the Silver Squeeze. To get people to purchase commodity stock.
Based on this post    Their has been mention of potential stock counterfeiting which may run much deeper than just GME. If so, couldn't that potentially destroy fiat currency  and force people back into commodities? Or at least get people to sell of physical silver so it could be scooped up?  Of all the stocks for them to push? Why Silver? Why commodity? Something is not adding up here.  Of course I'm a retard so I have no clue. Maybe a smart person could explain it better  Edit: I am   Holding GME. I don't give a shit about silver. Just trying to uncover something bigger and questioning why they chose Silver to push. There is something more to this.
what is stupid dumbshit doing
What this sub was about
This is probably going to be downvoted to hell; but I think it needs to be said and hopefully some of ya'll read it.  It seems the prevailing sentiment right now is all about sticking it to Wall St - even if it means losing money. While I can empathize with that, that is not what this sub  was  all about.   This sub was mostly about making money through risky bets - everything else be damned.    In early 2020, the majority on this sub bet the pandemic would ruin the economy (thereby costing people jobs) -  a lot of us made money. Around late spring, the sentiment changed - the majority on this sub went bullish and again made a lot of money. Sentiment changed daily during the trade war with China.   While there might've been some animus against Wall St, that was not the motivation - it was money and unbridled greed. But it feels like some are now embarrassed to admit this.  This sub has grown massively in the last week and if the majority now wants it to be about taking a stand and sticking it to Wall St - so be it.    But know that the GME situation is very likely a once in a decade (or even lifetime) occurrence. For a lot of us, this is the only opportunity to make a lot of money quickly. And while it would be great if a short squeeze happens, no one knows for certain what will happen - a lot of posts are just regurgitating weeks to months old data and DD. So if you are just getting in now, bet only what you can afford to lose.   One last thing - whatever happens, for the love of god, please switch from Robinhood after the dust settles. Our nemesis has a good thread on this:      --  Since some of ya'll will ask:  I scrub my post & comment history regularly. No; that does not mean I'm a short seller trying to get ya'll to sell.   I was in and out of GME from last fall until last week. Will be buying back in should there be another drop like on Thursday.
My diamond hands are shaking
I am truly an ape. I have a very limited understanding of everything that’s happening. But I am learning more and more as each day goes on.   I don’t know if my family was affected by 2008. To me, it didn’t seem like we were. However, my mother was very good at hiding things from us. In a non malicious way.   I’m scared. I’m teetering at the edge of eviction. On saved barely by the newest executive order. I have very little money to my name. I’m currently holding 1 share of GME. But after everyone’s stories here of loss from ‘08. I think the entirety of my next paycheck will go to GME. It’s not about the money. It’s about making them pay for what they did. I’m not holding for myself. I’m holding for all of you.   I am GameStop.  Edit: okay maybe I won’t put 100% of my paycheck. But I truly want to help. I don’t care about money personally. I know in the grand scheme of things, it is about the money. But it’s not personally. I have every intention of helping my family with any potential profits gained from all this. Just as they have helped me throughout my life  Also an edit: A lot of very kind people are offering to generously assist me. And while I greatly appreciate this, I can’t accept. I’m am extremely grateful for all of you
Quit acting like this is about morals. Markets are about money and they always have been.
Seeing all the GME shills with vested interest denounce SLV and every other investment play because they desperately need you to buy their bags should show you this isnt about morals or sticking it to the big guys.  If it were really about making a statement you same GME shills would be estatic about blowing up the SLV market, a commodity known for its brutal manipulation by dirty bankers.  At least have the self respect to admit you're here to make money and then maybe we can have a convo...
Prisoner's Dilemma -   ️ $GME
This is not financial advice. I'm not a financial advisor. These are just my opinions and do not represent the views of this community.  Earlier today I   the fUnDaMeNtAlS argument against holding shares at these new prices.  Then I read this awesome post about how   from all sides.  This made me want to come up with the simplest win strategy for every retail investor, acting on their own, no matter what bullshit comes our way over the next week or more. Yes, we've already figured out that this means to hold $GME. However, normies will not understand the method to our madness and chalk it up to the fact that we're just a bunch of degenerate gamblers. They need to know why we're retarded this time.  Enter the $GME  . This is our ace in the hole.  The only way they can win is when we betray each other (we won't) like prisoners being pressured by cops to rat on each other in separate interrogation rooms. The cops (hedgies and banks) will try everything to manipulate, scare, sow distrust, and incentivize the prisoners (retail investors) to rat on each other. The only way the prisoners get the best collective outcome is if they...   ️ $GME.  The Nash equilibrium for this game is for the prisoners to rat on each other for the best individual outcome. That's the mathematical equilibrium/outcome choice. However, I'm arguing that we've demonstrated our ability to surpass that. We're using our human bias to act individually (not cooperatively) for the collective good to overcome this math. We're maximizing the collective gain, not the individual gain. This is the whole point of a short squeeze that sticks it to the hedgies.  TLDR:   ️ $GME.  Edit: A throw away account commented that this is sometimes called   and then deleted their comment...
Metal Mania! Robots and Silver
So on last week while I was    ing and checking on my ape brethren, I began to notice something . A ticker that had been gaining a little bit of traction in recent days, but nothing astounding.   Not only did SLV gain a lot of support, but a majority of the accounts that I saw, have been created that day. I went through and look through a few SLV supporters accounts and about 18 out of 20, were brand new accounts with no Karma. I down voted these accounts and commented to keep track of them. As soon as I would go back through my comments looking for these accounts, it was deleted.   This isn't to say SLV won't move, put any of my real brothers and sisters be weary. The sub has seen an astronomical increase and users, and they may not all have best subreddits best interest at heart. I won't get into any conspiracy theories. But be careful.  TLDR; FUCK SLV.   GME
Tax money on work
Last Week Explained - Buying a car
I want to buy a   1986 Corvette   off Craigslist because I think it will be a collector's item someday.  Seller and I agree his car is worth $320  I arrive at seller's house in my 1993 Accord to buy the car and seller refuses to sell to me because he thinks it will destroy my life if the car doesn't go up in value.  Seller also just met me on Craigslist so knows nothing about my income, net worth, etc.  Another guy pulls up in a Bentley and seller is happy to sell him the 'vette for $320.
Which is better to influence a stock price direction?
Which is better to influence a stock price direction? Buy all the shares you can at once or buy one share at a time with price increasing or decreasing based on the direction desired? The is for research purposes only as I am trying to learn what big stock trading houses/hedge funds have in their bag of trick to move a share price. 'm sure they have algos programmed to do this automatically in order to get the best price. This is in no way a recommendation to purchase any particular stock or to purchase any security one share at a time, incrementally higher  to influence an upward price movement. Full disclosure: I am long GME I like the stock.
The Retards Shaking Wall Street
Very happy for you GME'ers but let's not forget the PALANQUEERS. The fire rises!
-Multiple new partnership announcements. Check.  -CEO with crazy hair who lives in a literal treehouse. Check  -Creating skynet that will enslave us in an AI guided techno-hell. Check.  -Kathy upgrading Palantir which means something idk but probably also good news. Check.  Didn't watch their demo day but from what I read on here from people who also didn't watch it, it went well.  Earnings report on Feb 11. PLTR has beaten earnings projections in the past. They should be able to do it again, and we will be on a moon mission except we will miss the moon entirely and land on mars.  The ONLY thing PLTR has going against it is that the CEO doesn't wear a black turtle neck.  #BELIEVE
I'm gonna short the f out of GME
You fucking retarded snowflakes lmfao. I'm gonna open as many short positions I as I can come Monday and I'll advise my friends to do the same. This is gonna be a major payday for me & a damn victory to put all you clueless paper millionaires to rest.  Wait for me to post positions to see how serious I am. Get ready for a deep red week you newbie good guys freedom fighting "for the cause" gamblers. You think you crashed the market LMFAO. The only market that's gonna crash is yours.   Time for the world to be back to normal and you to go back to Wendy's
Silver to explode massive Short Position
GME AMC TO THE MOON
Now I am retarded as the next guy on this sub, but an honest question...
Would it be too retarded to think about buying into GME at current prices, given the sharp rise?   Is there likely further upside (assuming the short positions haven't been closed)?   Would we expect a rise in price if they haven't yet been closed and if they close in the near future?  Are we likely to see a mass sell-off because of weak hands?  Not after financial advice (I know that is illegal/ against the rules) - simply after opinion and details that are likely to occur based on the circumstances.  Much luv.
Looks like Dips are back on the menu boys! I just like movies!
To the media fear mongers warning that retail investors will tank the market
Dear Mr. Media Shill,  No we won’t you stupid fuck, we didn’t do shit other than buy stocks we like and post emojis.  Hedge funds on the other hand are the ones that went full fuNdaMenTAl and will have a broader impact on the stock market. They first started with the bright idea of shorting a company like Gamestop with more shares than in EXISTENCE (140%) to push the stock to rock bottom prices (3$), all while ignoring the fact that Gamestop is a cyclical company on the cusp of a new console cycle with no bankruptcy risk. Hedge funds could of pared down their positions (you know, risk management) after seeing smart investors like Michael Burry and Ryan Cohen pile in.   Instead hedge funds doubled down on their hubris and extra chromosome. They fought the rise every step of the way with every dirty trick imaginable - digging their own hole deeper every step of the way. Had hedge funds covered when they were supposed to, GME might have popped from 3$ to 30$, and been a giant nothing-burger.   Now, these fucks have dug themselves so deep that they have to start liquidating the other parts of their portfolio just to stay afloat. Just like when these hedge fund fucks pull a dirty short ladder attack and flood the market with artificial supply (thereby decreasing the stock price), these morons are now also flooding the market with actual stocks selling at a discount.  Now Mr. Media Shill, before you wipe that hedge fund cum-stain off your chin and appear on TV screeching “the sTonKmaRKet is TANKING!!!!11!1” - take a moment and spin up that smooth brain of yours.  Who were the investors who propped up the stock-market after the Covid crash in ‘20? Pro-tip, it wasn’t some institutional hack appearing on TV to declare we have found the bottom. It was retail investors who started snapping up discounted equities.  Where do you think retail is going to spend the GME stimmy checks? Not only are we going snap up discounted stocks and prop up the stonkmarket, we’ll actually provide some real value to the economy by actually paying our taxes and spending our money in the real world. So get fucked Mr, Media Shill - never go full fuNdaMenTAl  @SEC intern reading this: Can you plop the above into a SEC complaint form on my behalf. Kthxbai   🤚
Stephen Colbert should be sued for libel - calls it "manipulation"
If you believe in a company...
... you are fully allowed to invest in the future of it. Market is valuing the future and this has not changed. This is still legal, although they are trying to tell us that suddenly its not the case.   Dear Hedge Funds - what where the fundamentals justifying a 140% short on GME?   How many times HF's brought down a company just to take it over and grow it for own profit?   I believe in GME. I believe gaming has a huge future and I believe GME will restructure and will get profitable. I will buy from them (even tho in my country they do not operate, I will buy and donate stuff to charity, hospitals, whatever), I will try to be a part of the growth as mich as I can. Its what HF's do, but this is the right way. Without destroying a company before doing so.   This is new for them. How on earth can we do this to the privileged, wealthy managers?   We should not only LIKE the stock, we should also SUPPORT the company we like. And I'm sure many of us will and this my fellow retards, this is the change to the market we should provide.    Build, not destroy. Unless its a fucking criminal HF who deserve all of it.   Also - I see many posts WSB is now to mainstream blah blah blah. Well... im not happy about some users here too, its different than it was months ago, but hey! In large groups we need to look for compromise more than i smaller groups, but let's welcome our new bros and invite them to the right side. The RETARDED SIDE!
I'm finally showing how retarded I was... I'm so sorry..
Technically True
Sloth Capital raised GME price target to $900.
Before this influx of new folks, it turns out WSB was already on other platforms. Look at the dates.         Processing img 8ecm6jz66pe61...
If I went to prison for insider trading, why should Robinhood et al. get away with the same thing?
When I went through my case, everyone always told me “well the politicians are getting away with it, don’t feel bad about what you did.” I did feel bad. I knew what I was doing. I deserved my prison time. But now? These mother fuckers are getting away with it in broad daylight. It’s not even hush-hush any more.   Fuck these guys. I have no remorse for the hedge funds. GME to the moon.  Special treatment of these assholes needs to end.   Vote out the politicians. Liquidate, then eat (in that order) the rich. The system is rigged against us.  It’s time for wealth to be redistributed to the working class.
THE REAL SLV DD: It's the weekend, so hopefully you autists will have the attention span to read the real SLV DD and why this is the real squeeze of a lifetime. Just hear me out. I promise it will be worth your time.
GME squeezing can be continued, but our true mission at this point in financial history is to accomplish what the Hunt Brothers and Warren Buffet both tried and failed to do. (I will explain why and who stopped them). RH will only allow you to buy one share of GME anyway, dump the rest in silver. This is a once in a century setup, the size of which you pea sized brains can't even fucking comprehend, and by the end of the post hopefully you will understand the thesis is and why it will take a lot less to set this off than you think.  Think about it, what are the odds WSB just stumbled on the juiciest short in the market? GME showed us the retard strength that we possess. Now that we know the effect we could have, our mission for maximum tendies is to squeeze the short that the boomers have known and been bitching about about for decades now - the ancient shiny metal. GME was just foreplay, strap in retards. This can literally be world changing. We can fix the monetary system and end the lies. We can set off the largest wealth transfer in history simply by squeezing the banks that have been making billions manipulating the paper price of silver for decades.    TL;DR: Read the fucking post.   I wrote this shit on my only day off without any of my Adderall because this is that important. Read it, it wont take longer than 10 mins. It is important you understand the full thesis and the evidence behind everything. This is not a YOLO, this is a tactical plan with the necessary mechanical triggers in place to set off the biggest squeeze of this planet's history.   (TL;DR - okay fine you lazy retards, to set off the biggest short squeeze of a lifetime (many many many times that of GME buy PSLV if you want to buy an ETF, SLV 4/16 35 calls if you want to stay with the spirit of WSB, Futures and take delivery if any of you have deep tendie pockets, and physical bullion from bullion dealers like))   # Intro  I've been seeing a lot of posts on this sub lately about targeting silver as the next massive short squeeze. All are calling for the right thing, but the thesis has not been fully or properly laid out. I am here to set the record straight once and for all. Use this post as the summary of the thesis.  I'll get right into it. There are a lot of reasons to own silver. You've heard a lot of them. Money printing, silver being at the lowest relative valuation that it's ever been in history, inflation, QE, demand from the green electrification trend, the whole lot. Check out . All of those reasons are all very valid and solid reasons to own silver. I've been stacking silver for more than a year now. If you want to read about those reasons, you're free to do so on your own.   But let's cut the shit and get to the only reason that matters to WSB here, - THE GREAT BIG SHORT.   Price target? If I'm being honest, I don't have a clue. Somewhere really fucking high. First stop will be $50. Then $100. Then once the fires really light up and losses for the banks mount, who the fuck knows where it ends up. North of 1k per ounce? We will see. GME being $400 seemed impossible, and this is VASTLY bigger.  # The Short  First of all, let's get this straight, the short is not speculation. It is a fact, and has been well documented and talked about for decades. There have been actual fucking books about it, fittingly titled .  # Price Manipulations  In short, COMEX is operating a fractional (read fraudulent) reserve system. What that means in plain terms is, there are many many times more futures contracts than there are physical silver in COMEX vaults.   The paper market is estimated by most to be somewhere between 200-250x the size of the physical market.   Why is price manipulating so profitable for the banks? It's stunningly simple, and can be observed with your own eyes 1-2 times per week mildly, and the once every 1-2 months full sized price smash (where the price moves 4%+ in the middle of the night. I have watched this numerous times with my own eyes over the last year. While already sitting on a massive short, during off hours, when liquidity is at it's absolute thinnest, the crooked banks (JPM, Scotiabank, GS, Deutche, et. all) smash the price down by selling COMEX futures contracts. When the market opens deep in the red, that prompts algos and managed money traders to sell, with the banks gladly covering their shorts from early at a lower price. These are not allegations, CFTC has recently stepped their game up, coming down on . This is a fact, not speculation, there should be no debate here. This is it, this is the ONLY reason silver is this cheap on a relative basis.  # The Squeeze   Yes but   \ , the silver market is $ ! We can't ever move that market! GME Mcap was a billion when we started!\   The only, the   ONLY   thing that matters here is the amount of COMEX silver, aka 1000oz bars. Silver prices are set on a razor thin market. Due to its use in a wide variety of industrial applications, so much silver has been used up and consumed over the past century that only an incredibly small amount remains in world inventories. In that key form of 1000 oz bars, the industry and investment standard form – the form that ultimately determines the price – only two million of these bars exist (2 billion ounces) and more than 75% or one and a half million bars (  billion oz) are held in the world’s silver ETFs and COMEX warehouses and, therefore, are not thought to be available, except at much higher prices.   The total value of all the 2 billion oz of silver in 1000 oz bar form is worth only $50 billion.   (Yes, there is more silver in the world in forms than exist in 1000 oz bar form, but that silver is closely held by millions of individual investors and there are no signs of any “melt” into 1000 oz bar form and has, therefore, no real effect on the supply of 1000 oz bars).    The marketcap of b1tc0ln is $600 billion, and you don't think we can an effect on the price of something with an effective marketcap of $50 billion?? In COMEX vaults (the stuff backing the concentrated futures short), there are \~400 million oz or just      $10 billion.     Ted Butler calculated that as of last week, an 8$ move in silver results in $3 billion in losses for the 8 big shorts. Those are  massive  losses. The pain point will not be when silver runs to $50 an ounce. The pain point is  ANY  movement upwards.  # Our Effect So Far  Still skeptical we can move the price and hurt the banks? Okay, let's recap what happened during the past week. Silver posts first started popping up on Thursday, so this effectively only captures 2 days worth of our retard strength (let's be real, everyone is still focused on GME, so only a small fraction of our retard strength had these effects).  On Friday alone,   SLV added 37 million shares  , or 1150 metric tons or 36,973,358 oz. That is   equivalent to \~10% of the registered inventory backing the entirety of the COMEX silver futures contracts  . IN ONE DAY. (Still think we can't move this bitch?)  Similarly on Friday,   PSLV traded 5x their normal volume.      Bullion dealers worldwide are experiencing sharp shortages,     until futures are to open   Wait, hold on. If 10% of the entire COMEX inventory flowed into SLV, why was the price increase so low? Silver was only up 7% over that time? Where does SLV even get that much metal? Your thesis is shit.   Here is where it gets interesting. Literally, the only bank with that much physical silver on hand   Morgan. Quite literally no other bank has as much silver as them, and if you remember, JPM is  NOT  short in the futures market. JPM is sitting on a fucking MASSIVE pile of silver, and effectively flat in futures.  Almost certainly, JPM leased that metal to SLV, which is just another form of short selling, designed to keep a lid on the price. Translated to plain English, JPM is leasing out as much metal to SLV as it needs, in order to suppress the price in the short run. The only conceivable reason the authorized participants would sell so aggressively at such low prices and further compound their position by going out and borrowing physical metal to back the shares is to prevent silver and SLV prices from rising. Think about it, if you had a bunch of silver and SLV needed it, why would you lease it to them, knowing that you could demand a higher price? You would do so if you had a  VERY  vested interest in keeping the price down. This is exactly what the big shorts are doing in SLV, selling new shares and borrowing more metal to deposit promptly in order to prevent a run on silver (literally what banks used to do in the 30s when a bank run would begin - very quickly redeem all claims as to pretend there is no problem). But at best, it’s only a band-aid approach that might succeed in the very short term (days or weeks) of preventing prices from exploding this week, but actually further ensures the eventual price explosion.  Look, long story short the banks are fucking   terrified   of us, and we came completely out of left field and caught them by surprise. The banks added heavily to their short this week to aid the price suppression further. All of the abovementioned happened with 99% of this subreddit still focused on GME. It does not matter how much you have, ANY silver buying will help. Whatever dry powder you have left. WSB can set this off with probably a third of this sub piling into silver, if not less. Once this gets going, look out.  # Hunt Brothers + Warren Buffett   "If the silver short is so obvious, why has nobody attempted to squeeze it yet?"   They have. Numerous times. And they were stopped. Sure most of you probably heard the name "Hunt Brothers" but the Buffet Silver story is probably a new one.  In the late ’70s, the Hunts figured out that the supply of silver on the COMEX was less than the amount of silver futures representing that supply. A silver contract is 5,000 ounces, and there was more open interest in silver contracts than there was silver in the COMEX vaults. So they decided to start buying silver futures and asking for delivery. The powers on Wall Street and in DC, and the people running the COMEX realized they had a problem, and the price went from $5 to $50 very quickly. Essentially, the regulators accused them of cornering the market, and they were instructed to unload their silver futures position. The COMEX imposed a regulation for a time that if you were going to trade silver on the COMEX, all you could do was sell. That was to get the price down because the Hunt brothers had asked for delivery of silver. They literally just changed exchange rules to liquidation only because they knew they could not deliver. And boom, the price goes from $50 to $20 in a matter of 2 months.   ((Fun fact, back then the silver/gold ratio was 16:1, while now it's 70:1, primarily a function of how far lower the banks have been able to push the silver market due to its smaller size. Think about how undervalued that is. At one of its peaks,)    (silver hit $50 in 1980. Today it is at $27.)    (That is all in nominal terms. That is fucking \ insane\ )   (.)    (Name me one asset on the planet that's 25% cheaper now than it was in 1980? Silver is heavily \ undervalued\ , the price is)   (not)   (coming back down after the squeeze comes. This is a fundamentally different, more advanced play. This is a fucking rocket. We are catching banks with their pants down at the bottom of the launch pad))  Warren Buffett suffered a similar fate. He was the chairman of Salomon Brothers at the time, and he was going to corner the market with a guy named Jimmy DiPiazza (a broker at Philipp Brothers, which was part of Salomon Brothers). They've gone heavily long in silver contracts, and all of a sudden it closed way below that price (COMEX crooks working their magic). They were going to take delivery and force the price up. Accounts vary for what happened next. Some assert that Buffet got the stick - they got a call from the government telling them “you either get out of this market right away or you’re going to be audited the rest of your life in everything else you do." Some claim Buffett got the carrot instead of the stick - he got himself in trouble with General Re, a reinsurance company that he bought that was involved with a lot of fraud, and Buffett was caught in the middle of it. The story goes that the banksters and the criminals went to Buffett cut a deal essentially saying “Hey, we’ll let you out of this General Re problem if you give us all that physical silver you have.” So Buffett gets out of General Re, and the banks got the physical silver and started the silver ETF “SLV.”  The accounts on why vary, but point being that one way or another Buffet was forced to sell all of his silver to the crooked banks.  # Why We are Different  By now I think it's becoming clear why the Hunt Brothers and Buffet failed while we are in the best possible position to succeed. They can go after one person cornering the market. They cannot stop an army of 6 million autists. We are decentralizing the process, and we have more momentum than ever. The banks have made billions manipulating the price of silver. It's time we fight back. #silversqueeze is trending on Twitter (even the Winkelvoss twins are the latest biggest name). All of FinTwit is talking about this. The boomers are getting involved because they understand silver and have heard about the short several times (also many of them have been stacking silver for decades, and are sure as shit not selling into the run up they've been waiting 20+ years for). This is the time to fight back. You have the chance to be a part of history, while making yourself filthy rich.  # Okay, enough bullshit. Just tell me what to buy.  Glad you asked.    For the WSB natives  , probably the most effective option -   SLV calls  . Up to you what strike price and how far out. Start with   4/16, 30 calls  , but can move the strike higher for more tendies, and/or can buy them further out. This call buying will still gamma squeeze the Market Makers, forcing them to first delta hedge (buying SLV to hedge), and when price moves to the upside, gamma squeeze them (more SLV buying), all resulting in SLV shares to be bought as hedges. Mechanically, such buying mandates the buying of physical silver at the end of the "chain", despite still widespread misgivings about the silver ETFs. Look no further than the massive deposit into SLV on Friday.    For the newcomers,   risk averse ones of the bunch who don't have the balls to fuck with options or your brokerage won't let you,   buy PSLV   (PSLV is a physical silver ETF. 1 share of the ETF=a fixed # of silver OZ,   fully allocated   in Sprott's warehouses.) It's run by Eric Sprott, the most honest and well respected name in the business. If you're wrong, nobody in your family will give you shit for buying silver, it is known as the safest investment alongside gold. Boomers know and understand precious metals. They used them as money.   You have the chance to invest into asymmetric returns to the upside by buying one the safest assets known to man.   Even better if you buy physical bullion (this nearly broke COMEX back in march when there was simply no physical around).  for Canada. Put pressure on the silver market in any way you can, it does not matter. If you buy PSLV, Sprott's team will be buying physical silver to put in their warehouse. If you buy silver from any bullion dealer, guess what, that dealer has to buy more silver from mints, competing for silver than could go into 1000 oz bars.  EDIT: From LongWave Investing on Twitter - "  For my fellow Eurofags  ,   here's a list of physically backed #silversqueeze ETCs  : iShares Physical Silver ETC ISIN IE00B4NCWG09 WisdomTree Physical Silver ISIN DE000A0N62F2 Xtrackers Physical Silver ETC (EUR) ISIN DE000A1E0HS6 "    For those of you with deep pockets, buy silver futures and take delivery.    # Conclusion  Let's get this shit done fellas. The banks will continue to fight this to their death, because the losses will be astronomical. They will short heavier than ever before. They will throw the kitchen sink at this. Fraudulent lending of silver to each other will continue, but this will only be digging them into a deeper hole.   The price volatility will be massive. That's how you will be able to tell that this is working. Buying certain ETFs will be banned. When that happens, buy any physical silver ETF out there (   , but that just shows how, manipulated the paper price is. I am seeing many dealers already sell out of silver inventory, that's how tiny this market is. Focus on squeezing the metal, not the stonks. The silver stonks will follow on their own, they trade like silver on steroids. But silver needs to be what sets off the move. Even if silver opens at +6%, just remember you are still getting in on the ground floor of this rocket. Silver is where GME was a couple of weeks ago.      Let's take back everything we've lost though currency debasement ever since the FED was established. Take back everything we've lost from the inflation tax of money printing. You know you can't afford to buy a house while an auto shop manager in the 70s could buy a house with 2 years salary? Let's take back everything we've missed out due to low interest rates inflating asset bubbles in all markets. One shitty hedge fund isn't shit. Let's take back our financial independence and hit the big boys. Let's take back all the profits the banks were able to generate by blatantly manipulating the silver market for decades. Lets squeeze these motherfuckers, fixing the wealth distribution in the process.    # Recommendation Summary  In order of largest impact    Buy 4/16 35 calls on SLV (or any other similar OTM calls)   Buy futures and take delivery (be careful with this one, the contracts have an FM clause allowing them to cash settle at the previous close price. Great for squeezing the banks, not the best for going all in)   Buy PSLV, or any physical silver ETF that is available to you (google search what's avail on the exchanges you have access to). And/or buy silver bullion from any bullion dealers.
Morning millionaires, Here is your special coffee ☕️ GME
Quick recap of the $GME saga
BUY BB ON MONDAY! AND HOLD!
Switching brokers is exactly what hedge funds and billionaires want us to do
TL;DR: Billionaires and hedge funds losing money in GME is fine when all the money the retail investors made comes back to their own bank.    It seems everyone wants to switch to fidelity now. Just a thought beforehand:  In the previous thread where they laid out good/neutral/bad brokers    there was a trend:  Good brokers: enormous banks that had their own clearing houses.  Neutral: new smaller sized brokers who didn’t have their own clearing house but weren’t required to stop moving stocks.  Bad brokers: newer brokers who originated 0 commissions and options trades, with a large userbase doing highly speculative investing. All of which said that their clearing house required them to stop trading certain securities.   If you really believe that the new brokers who’s entire business model was giving power to the retail investor  intentionally colluded to keep you out, by all means switch over to the LARGEST bank in the world.   Realize that all the “good brokers” on that list are all the institutions you claim to be fighting against.   In reality the “bad brokers” aren’t the largest banks in the world and have to follow rules. Giving up on them after they got us this far seems unfair to me. The problem is that they have a large userbase doing highly speculative investing, and their clearing house made them follow the laws SEC put forth.   With that knowledge, by all means go leave the platforms that got us here for the largest banks in the world. That’s exactly what they want you to do. Go back to the platforms that charge commissions after they forced the free platforms to stop trading stocks. I wonder who owns all the clearing houses that made the $0 commission apps stop trading....  If you’re going to claim we’re playing 4D chess don’t assume the guys who’ve been doing this longer aren’t playing the same game.   Good luck and have fun out there this week!
fuck it
just bought 15 shares of AMC lets drive it up
I've found The Anthem,   them diamond hands in the air!
PSA: firms know your sell limts
Robinhood and other firms sell this information to brokers who can see your buy and sell orders which allows them to obviously use that information against you. This is one way of how free commission apps make money.   If you buy stock at $200 and put a sell limit at $420 they know.   If you put in a buy order at $340, they know.   Sell and buy limits are ALWAYS better than market orders (which MMs, especially in options, control) but something everyone should understand.   MMs like citidal are also 100% profiting off the huge volatility in options and some of you are buying  way  out the money calls for the week at open that theta destroys very quick. If you're new and don't understand options well, don't buy, you'll have a bad time losing money, stick to shares.
DONT UNDERESTIMATE THEM
I see many of you strutting around confidently, elegantly, and utterly gay. I was formerly on the Bernie   - hear me out - this is reminding me of a certain time right before super Tuesday; before the establishment fucked us in the ass and drove our   into a death spiral. We were just as determined and ripe with conviction.   As you might recall in the democratic presidential primary, Bernie did the unprecedented and won the first four states (fuck you Buttigieg) which had never been done before. He had an incredible lead in delegates, and had the race maintained there is no doubt the progressive vote would have remained united while the moderate vote fractured among several candidates. Under those conditions, I have strong reasons to suspect Bernie would have won the primary.  Obviously electoral politics and finance are two separate things, but the lesson is clear: They spent the entire weekend planning, plotting, breaking rules, calling their powerful friends in the cabal, and working against you. Just like they did the weekend before super Tuesday, when Obama called up the rest of the moderates in the primary, offered them clout and money, before appointing Biden as the de-facto president of the United States.  Be prepared. Tomorrow, and furthermore this week, do not be surprised to encounter maneuvers you would not have thought of before - do not be surprised when they break the rules, perform blatant collusion, and wholesale corruption. Don't get cocky, we have our work to do, and above all else,     TL;DR DONT GET FUCKING COCKY
All of you who are holding GME, prepare your anuses for tomorrow's onslaught (MODS PLEASE DO NOT DELETE)
You think you saw shit on Thursday's crash?  No little retard, you ain't seen shit.  These billionaire hedge funds have spent the entire weekend shitting their pants, absolutely desperate for a solution. While you've been jerking off 3 times a day to your wife's boyfriend's sex tape, they've been in deep analysis with the world's brightest financial minds to create a strong multi-pronged attack strategy.    They are going to fuck with our ability to buy shares      They are going to create dips artificially during periods of low volume by rapid-fire selling shares between each other to scare the paper handed sluts away.      They are going to do some shit that we haven't seen before.      They are doing these things because they are desperate.    They know at the current rate they are  fucked . They are bleeding interest at an   incredible   rate. You know how you know they are fucked? Look at what happened this week: The media lies, the blatant market manipulation, the ton of illegal activity. You think they would risk that if they weren't in a bad position? They are shitting their pants right now.   You need to all stay strong if you hold GME. This week is going to be tough. It is going to stretch you. You may see your account go deeply into the red if you bought on a high.  But this is a game of attrition. If you hold GME with diamond hands and buy dips you can and WILL win.  1) Make an account at a backup broker. DO NOT SELL YOUR SHARES AT YOUR CURRENT BROKER NO MATTER WHAT. Simply transfer money into another broker and continue buying WHATEVER STOCK YOU LIKE. I will be buying GME because I LOVE THE STOCK.   2) HOLD (fuck you automod for removing the original word.)   3) Wait for tendies. Be patient. The squeeze may not happen this week. But one thing is a certainty. If we buy and hold, it WILL EVENTUALLY HAPPEN. THEY LITERALLY CANNOT AFFORD THE INTEREST ON THEIR SHORTS. You KNOW this because of how fucking desperate they are.   We can stay retarded longer than they can stay solvent.   Good luck to all of you for the upcoming trading week.   This is not financial advice I know nothing and am absolutely retarded. Thank you.   EDIT for the retarded:    🏻 💪🏻=⚰️   +
Paying for a well with GME gains.      . #Redistribution
Paying for heart surgeries of 2 children from around the world as my way of giving back from my $GME gains. ❤️❤️  🌕🌕
I would first like to say that I truly love each and every one of you retards and autists. We’ve not only changed the game for the little guys but we’ve improved the lives of many individuals, including myself.   I invested in GME when it was $9 because you batshit crazy motherfuckers told me to do so back late last year. So I took all my PLTR gains and dropped it in GME stock and diamond handed this bitch. Needless to say, it’s the best decision I ever made. I made more money than I ever thought I could make. It still doesn’t feel real knowing that when GME goes to $10,000 a share, I will have an 8 figure net worth.   Being that I made some more cash with some good ROKU investments, I decided to liquidate it (since I’m GME diamond hands) and give back as part of our effort to show them that we are different from the rest, that we try to help eachother make some fucking tendies, and not ruin the little guys along the way. WE ARE THE ONES PROTECTING THE COMMON WORKER, AND WE ARE COMING FOR THE BIG DOGS.  So to get to the point, I’m a medical student in my last year of medical school going into cardiothoracic surgery. At my institution, we have one of the most world renowned pediatric cardiac surgeons in the world, and he just so happens to be one of my mentors. This past week I spoke to him about my willingness to give back to the world, and I gave him one of my ideas. I asked him if he would do pro-bono work on his end, on a couple of patients in need of heart surgery from around the world, if I would cover the hospital costs and the transportation of the children and their families, along with their housing and post-operative care. He instantly agreed (he is a good man). He advised me on how to go about doing all the administrative approvals and work. I did not want to write this until I got the OK from the institution, however, as of today I got the call for the green light. The projected costs I have to cover allow me to only be able to cover the costs of 2 of the surgeries, but at least it’s something.   This week I will start reaching out to organizations to find two kids that the surgeon and I feel are in most dire need of heart surgery. When we find the candidates I will upload their stories and will keep all of you updated. You guys have truly moved me, and I would never have been able to do this without you guys. Thank you from the bottom of my heart.  TL;DR: GME TO $10,000    🌕🌕🌕🌕 Let’s diamond hand this bitch!!
That's too   bully got a taste of his own medicine.
Lying on Feb 9th reports
I'm only a retarded  , but looking at the game the 👔 has played so far AND THE COMPLETE MANIPULATION of stocks, media, rules etc. How are these reports generated for the short positions for the hedgies? Is this information that gets sent out something that the Hedge Funds and related give up or is this analysis conducted by a third party?  Either way, I feel like these answers will only make us better informed and cause less     TLDR; $GME        🌕  Obligatory: I am not a financial advisor, just an ape on a typewriter.
I’M RETARTED BUT I REALLY LOVE MY   STOCKS
Everyone's posting about their gains but what to do when you're down on your AMC, besides hold? Head out in heavy snow (because my truck is awesome) to buy out a tamale vendor with a local good guy and drop then off at local free food fridges in unshoveled Chicago alleys.
Hold to the moon, distance converted to $ makes target $238,900.     🌕 🤲
Anyone with FOMO (Fear Of Missing Out), PLEASE READ
THE MATHS IS ON OUR SIDE, THE SYSTEM IS NOT.    If last week proved ANYTHING, it's that the system can decide when it wants to fuck us - and the free market - over. This has all the makings to be a once in a lifetime event. When all is said and done, we should all be extremely richer than we were in December.    HOWEVER: THIS DOES NOT MEAN YOU SPEND MONEY YOU CANNOT AFFORD TO LOSE.    We are in completely uncharted territory now. We have no idea what happens from here. The maths says that we should see MOASS. But that does not mean you put in money that stops you from affording rent, food, or any other bare necessity for you or your family.     YOUR HEALTH AND WELLBEING COMES FIRST.    You also don't want to be putting yourself into a position where you are constantly checking the charts, scared with sweaty palms every time you see a 5% drop, a 10% drop, or as we saw earlier this week, a 60%+ drop. This will cause you to have FUD (Fear, Uncertainty, Doubt) and paper hand. This WILL cause you a loss.     LOSSES ONLY MATERIALISE WHEN YOU SELL.    So please, DO NOT spend money you do not have. DO NOT take out loans or CC debt just to put more on. If you play it smart with everyone else, only smart decisions will be made, and whatever happens, you can walk away happy.    FINALLY, THE HIGHER CHANCE OF YOU PAPER HANDING, THE HIGHER CHANCE YOU FUCK IT UP FOR THE DIAMOND HANDS    Stay safe and stay smart.  $10K in GME. HOLDING.  34 @ 320  INVEST WITH FIDELITY OR VANGUARD BTW. THEY ARE WITH US.
FOR EVERYONE THAT JUST JOINED BECAUSE OF $GME AND DONT KNOW WTF IS GOING ON
Firstly:         Now, down to business.  You have just been thrusted into a once in a lifetime phenomenon. It’s public knowledge now that the covid pandemic has increased the wealth of the world’s top 10 billionaires by over 30% (around $1 Trillion) and that the crisis has led to the largest transfer of wealth from poor to rich since 2008. Where do these billionaires keep their billions you might ask? No, not their JP Morgan savings account. Their money is managed by investment banks and hedgefunds. These same firms (Citadel, Melvin, Viking etc..) are now losing billions (around $70 billion as of last week) trying to short companies (profit from their failure). They have not yet been successful.   WHERE DO WE COME INTO ALL OF THIS?  The reason GameStop hasn’t dropped in price despite the hedgefund’s best efforts is because the majority of the shares have been bought by retail investors (the little guy- you and me) and the hedgefunds need us to sell them in order to  buy and manage their short positions. The longer we hold out selling (and buy more), the more these hedgefunds will demand shares, pushing the price up (squeezing their short position).   ARE YOU TOO LATE TO THE PARTY?  The stock is at around $300 right now. The short squeeze HASNT EVEN HAPPENED YET. It’s realistic that the stock could go to $5000+ per share. If the GME short squeeze in proportion reached the same comparable levels as the VW Porsche squeeze, GME stock could reach $30k+ per share.  This is our chance to reverse the wealth transfer that’s taken place due to the pandemic (and even 2008), and also make a statement that times have changed and we won’t stand for billionaires profiting off the downfall of businesses and destroying the little guy (15,000 people are out of a job if the hedgefunds win and GameStop goes under- that’s 15,000 people who are potentially the only source of income for an entire family).  When all is said and done, ask yourself- what side of history do you want to have been on?   WHAT TO DO?  BUY. Every share not owned by the hedges loses them more money and drives the price up. HOLD. They can’t cover if we don’t sell. This will also drive the price up. BUY THE DIP. The stock will dip, this is natural and can be used to get in at a discount. DONT SELL WHEN WE GET TO $1K+. It will be tempting, but you’ll kick yourself when it’s at $10k, $20k, $ k+  Do your own research, this is not financial advice, I am not an expert.  I. Just. Like. The. Stock    Edit- the short squeeze hasn’t  happened yet.
To the innovative entrepreneurs who were attacked by aggressive short selling over the last years.
Hi Elon and the rest,  First, thanks for being on the good side of the history for those who showed us some kind of support. I think it’s safe to assume that at this point there are sharks on the both sides of the play, and those who now play on our side, at the end won’t care much if we made or lost money - they want to kill other HFs and make their own share, that’s it.   But there’s something different that matters: greedy short sellers. Innovative entrepreneurs over the last years suffered heavy loses, both mental and material, due to aggressive short selling, manipulation and scare tactics by the media and „analysts”. Some people, like Elon, showed them their place. But some couldn’t fight and lost bigly. Here I am, asking all of you, multi-millionaires, billionaires, to show support to the cause one more time and end aggressive short selling forever, because this is what will likely happen after this thing is done. At least SEC will prohibit shorting over 100% float.         Let them bleed more, like the stock with us.       Because we, thanks to the free exchange of information, fundamentals of the company, and apparently free market, liked the stock together and don’t plan on disliking it soon. We’ll probably like it even more soon!
Just bought 2600 more!
I like the stock  💪   🌛🤑
Beware of others spreading stocks besides GME and disinformation around it
Well, I've been looking at a lot of the comments related to BANG Gang (BB, AMC, NOK, GME), and it seems like a lot of other people are a) spreading disinformation about GME and b) spreading other stocks trying to take attention away from GME.   This includes but is not limited to:    \- "Silver Short Squeeze" (fuck off, clearly trying to bait money away from BANG)  \- Sundial Growers  \- Inovio Pharmaceuticals (fuck pharma stocks)  \- Ford (?)  \- A certain currency (Was pumped and dumped, already over now)  \- Literally any other fucking stock  \- This includes the clowns telling people to buy LEVI, MAC, and SPCE   🤡🤡🤡    \- Saying the "GME short squeeze is over" (It isn't over, it never happened)  \- Saying Melvin Capital closed their short position (No they didn't, short interest is still at >100%)    I also saw a lot of comments about buying in, and which broker to use. I am not offering financial advice.    \- GME is the only one that has >100% short interest.  \- Hold as long as it takes for the short squeeze to happen. No one knows when it will happen.  \- If you need to find a broker, use this list:    It separates it into the brokers you want to avoid and the ones you want to use (includes EU).  Can'tStop. Won'tStop. GameStop.
Melvin & Friends
NOK NOK! Loss
Analysis: Robinhood and Reddit Protected From Lawsuits by User Agreement, Congress
Fidelity locks GME sales to 50% above asking price. Stop promoting them, retards!
I keep seeing people say move to Fidelity but this is the most egregious act on the market outside what Robinhood is doing.  Locking sell orders to only 50% above asking limits current sell orders to roughly 500. That's fucking terrible. Stop promoting their services.  When we try to exit, all you smoothbrains will have to sell at shitty rates or do it manually, making it infinitely harder to sell to shorts during the squeeze.      Go to Vanguard  . Not Fidelity. Vanguard did nothing. No blocks, no limits. Nothing.  Edit: I don't care if this is their policy. It's a shit policy and especially one for this tactic. You all won't be able to sell at 1000 or above.  Edit2: So many smoothbrain noobs commenting. I'm not saying sell low. I'm saying fidelity sucks because you can't sell a limit order of 1000-50000 depending on how retarded you are. If you think we shouldn't sell ever, you'll get stuck bagholding. Sell to the shorts, during the squeeze, idiot. That's how you make them suffer.
Well, he did it boiz
PSA: Get your broker problem records together (my documentation tips)
Obligatory I'm not a lawyer nor anybody with any type of legal credentials for anything.    However, you are allowed to talk to lawyers if you're comfortable doing that and I have personally favorably resolved several financially significant disputes with large corporations have tried to take advantage of me in a very formal way.    I'd never recommend that to anybody.  It's very scary.  But I can share how I get my ducks in a row when it feels like things are going off the rails so you have that information should you ever need it.  I just saw the post about an error in accessing Robinhood statements, which apparently may be required to transfer assets.  I assume that is the case since Fidelity has this bullet point as the first in their transfer steps FAQ:    "A statement from your current firm to reference"    While this may be a temporary technical problem they have lost credibility.  There are already pending class actions from the trading outage that have been posted.  There will be more if they continue to have problems.  I'm sure the nature of those problems, benign or otherwise will come to light through these processes.  If they liquidated your positions without knowledge or consent they provided the evidence for you on that one.  But there could be other issues where it cannot hurt to establish you were trying to do where it could be less concrete.  So I don't know what else might go down, but I think a lot of people like me are done and will move everything out.  I hope it goes smoothly, but just in case you are worried here are the steps I usually take when I feel like a large company is going to violate any kind of agreement or fail in an important process.   Your level of exposure and confidence may dictate how deep you go on this, but it's my full freight exercising my rights as a customer path.  1. As soon as you hit something that caused you a problem make a screenshot.  Do it again and make another screenshot.  If it involves some actual transaction execution make a screenshot of whatever you are trying to trade  2. Send a customer service ticket with a LOT of detail.  What you were trying to do, what went wrong, anything relevant to the details of the transaction.  Take a screenshot before you send.  It goes without saying, but keep all this stuff organized and in one place  3. Get a Google Voice or similar service number.  You can call yourself and start recording and then call customer service.  When you call be very nice.  The person you are talking to is just like you and mostly they deal with morons who forgot their password.  Tell them you are recording.  If you are angry tell them, but don't BE angry.  I can't stress that enough.  Tell them you sent the support ticket.  Repeat all the details.  I have sent recordings to lawyers on the other side before.  They do the trick.  I have sat in a room with a whole senior management team and several corporate lawyers on the phone and called their bluff when they said they had recordings of me indicating I wanted something other than what I got.  I just kept telling them to play it until they suddenly didn't think it needed to come to that and we started talking what we could do to fix it  4. Call back and do it again.  See if you get the same answer.  Having two employees tell me the exact same thing after the company did the exact opposite to me has paid off before  5. Write this stuff down in order as you do it.  Make sure you have names right.  Ask for best call back numbers, resolution times, any promised restitution (that's also why the recordings), and additional ticket numbers that get opened.  If you have a log it's easy to go back and say X agent told me Y on this day and I can send you the recording in 5 minute  6. Go download all those customer agreements you have to plow through.  Send more tickets and ask them to confirm those are the versions that you agreed to when opening the account or the last update you agreed to.  If policies are changing rapidly it does not hurt to to have a record of what the expectation was.  This is really boring, but who knows  7. If you can get to statements go ahead and save the most recent at least.  If a platform goes down you want to have your account info handy  I hope you don't need any of this and someone can give you some more tips.  However, before rage quitting if something does negatively impact you get organized.
The year is 2037. GME is $320 share.
Both sides have held their positions for a decade plus, at a complete stalemate. The trench warfare has led to distinct cultures and ways of life.  Shorting hedge fund managers and their progeny now have a cult like worship of black holes. They believe the slow dissolve of their multi-generational wealth to interest rates is their holy birthright. Eventually they, like blessed light, will be absorbed entirely by the One True Lender Bank, and they will come out the other side clean and pure. They must not hasten the process, though, just as light cannot hasten its black hole rebirth. It was born with a direction and held it firmly, for eons.  GME shareholders now live in a caste system. Citizens wear physical symbols of their number of shares, like pieces of flair. Children inherit their parents’ flair, and weddings are arranged so as to strategically join the shares and average price of two families. The vehicle of choice is a Tesla Short Bus, and everyone prays to Deep Fucking Value each night. He answers their prayers by holding, and they honor him by doing the same.
GME has the potential to be something bigger
The Gamestop saga has the potential to become something bigger and we cannot afford to be on the sideline enjoying the melee circus between the retail gang vs hedge funds.  You don't want to mix high emotions and the stock market no matter what the circumstances are. The Wallstreetbet community which has now seen its membership grow exponentially is now filled with emotionally charged language, emojis and high morale as they draw first blood from the hedge funds. They are now rallying the entire world to "fight their cause" by jumping into the stock. Maniac investing, sky rocketing prices, emotions, FOMO, irrationality, bubble anyone?  Financial strains are appearing in the system. Robinhood drew down all their credit lines and raised 1 billion with existing investors. Although we didn't hear from Etrade, TD Ameritrade or Interactive Brokers, we expect them to face similar stress as evident by their share trading restriction. Back in 2015, the surprise announcement by Swiss National Bank to remove the   EURCHF peg caused massive volatility that led to the insolvency of fx brokers. Brokers are built to function with certain volatility assumptions and things are fine   of the time until a Black Swan shows up. Brokers are important clogs in the stock market mechanism and they cannot afford to fail in unison. Short brokerages appear to be a good trade here.  It may not stop with GME. GME is now $320, up  10x from the beginning of the year. Mob investors who missed the boat already have other targets in their crosshairs; AMC, Express, Bed Bath Beyond and Blackberry. This will further exacerbate the problem.   Hedge funds, the villains of the industry have their fair share of failures in their storied past, but non as humiliating as this. Weak, vulnerable retail investors came to the realisation that, when well orchestrated in a community, they can take on these giants and beat them at their game. But hedge funds also serve an important role in price discovery and their sheer magnitude of their operation are a systemic risk to the markets. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York organized a   bailout of LTCM in 1998 to prevent a wider collapse of the financial system. Indeed, in the 2008 subprime crisis, the suspension of 2 BNP hedge funds in the summer of 2007 also marked the precipice of the crisis before things start to unravel.
Am I the only one that can't get used to any other interface than robinhood?
First of all fuck robinhood for the scummy shit they pulled off this week. This made me look at other apps I could potentially move to but I can't seem to find any app I can get used to trading on. The simplicity of the robinhood app got me into investing in the first place. I hope this lawsuit goes through, a change in leadership happens and this app actually works in the peoples favor. I'm a long term holder so I wasn't affected like a lot of you guys but I hope people that held those limited stocks all get reimbursed somehow. Any thoughts on this?
THE MARKET WOULDN'T BE RED IF SHORTS ALREADY CLOSED
This is the number one indicator that the squeeze hasn't happened yet. If the shorts supposedly closed on Wednesday, why would they sell off their shares in the rest of the market on Thursday and Friday? Clearly the play is to close some of their other positions in the hopes that the overall market downtrend would drive GME down. Well unfortunately for them, they underestimated the diamond hands of WSB and we finished in the GREEN on Friday, putting every single 1/29 option that was written before Wednesday ITM. If you look at the charts, SPY dropped JUST as GME turned around in the market. This means that the funds knew that they would have to close out on Monday and raised their cash positions on Friday near close.  70m shorted shares at $300 a piece is $21b. On Friday, according to the order books, just $50m would had raised the stock to over $700. Take it as you will as to what the real squeeze target is.  TLDR; Market Red is Good for GME    wants       I love ❤️
Zero liquidity on GME and what that means
Not financial advice, I’m long GME,   I’m also retarded considering I was wrong about the gamma squeeze on Friday. I was under the impression all brokerages would allow unlimited buying of GME, but Robinhood kept lowering the amount you could buy. (I feel that if brokerages didn’t continue blocking buying of shares I would have been right)   Quick side note if you have a call contract for GME I believe you can exercise it and exceed the purchasing limit for shares.( They may not change that before Monday)    Ok now on to the main point what does zero liquidity mean? It’s essentially the fact that for GME there is close to no sellers at this point. Everyone who has their shares are holding on tight to them, so people who need to buy shares like shorts are forced to pay the price the seller chooses. With little to no one wanting to sell shares there is almost no competition between sellers trying to ask less than their competitors. This means that people are able to sell at far higher prices than if the stock was liquid.   Zero liquidity is very good for us because we can could sell at the prices we name, and when people are forced to buy they might buy almost about any price. There were shares sold at 2,400 while it was trading below 500$. Just think about that when it’s trading at 2k. There is also still 121% short float that means that ever single one of us will be able to exit our positions when shorts cover, and their will still be people buying after we have exited. This isn’t counting any new shorts who are ballsy and try to time the top at their own peril.   How do we know that we are close to zero liquidity? We can observe that by the actions of market participants, and by some other things such as the bid -ask spread. There have been moments where the bid- ask spread was over a 1,000$ difference in price. This means that the lowest price someone was willing to sell at was far higher than the current market price of a security. There was a fill allegedly for a 2,400$ sell this week which means that, it was the lowest price available in the market. The bid - ask difference has also peaked out of the cracks a few times, which must have been infuriating for shorts showing that no one was falling for their scare tactics. This is in  addition to a vast reduction in volume throughout the duration of the squeeze so far.   Institutions have also been limiting the amount of shares you can buy which is very telling that things are very bad right now. The brokerages are doing this knowing full well that they will lose clients and their reputation over this, but are under so much pressure from outside forces that they do this anyway. There have also been less and less short attacks with all the stop losses already being triggered by previous attacks, and the fact they are next to useless if no one will sell at the low prices.   Something that bodes will for our positions is also that there is big money on our side as well. There a lot of funds that have entered the fray looking for the legendary returns this has the potential to pull off. Institutions and whales recently have done a lot to save our ass recently and patch the holes that shorts were poking in our boat. While retail has had limited buying abilities they have been buying up as many remaining shares as they can get their hands on. There’s also the added fact of some HFT on our side buying shares on the short ladder attack and exerting heavier tolls on shorts. Some big money being on our side + public support + billionaires (Cuban, Elon, Burry, etc) and some politicians like AOC and Ted Cruz all decrease the chance of the SEC intervening and screwing longs over.   Remember this though while the institutions and funds want the price to go up and are on our side as of now. They are no better than Melvin our interest are just aligned momentarily they will screw you if they make more money.   I believe there is some undiagnosed systemic risk at play as well. If funds are forced to cover at prices above 1k they are going bankrupt but will still be forced to cover their positions. My understanding of this is that if a fund doesn’t have enough capital to meet an obligation their broker is forced to step in and take the loss. Think of it like margin for a retail trader, if you sell box spreads and have 1k of collateral but take a 1mil loss the broker takes the loss while you are force to pay them back at a later date. What if you go insolvent though? Well the brokers stuck holding that loss until they are paid back if they ever are paid back. That’s in addition with Robin Hood needing to raise an additional 1billion dollars likely as additional collateral.   Ok what to do with this information? If the prices are to high when they are forced to cover some institutions might be completely liquidated in addition to others that partially liquidate their holdings. I believe this will cause selling across the entire market when this happens. So some SPY puts placed a few weeks out might yield high profit when the squeeze happens as institutions sell to free up more capital. Just look at previous action on SPY as GME price rises dramatically. If you wanted to do some research you could probably find the bankruptcy candidates and their most held assets, and make some intelligent plays, but I’m already all in GME so I’m not going to bother.     TLDR PT 69, $ GME       Spy puts for squeeze if you are restricted from buying by your brokerage might allow you to still profit from Squeeze(might not)  I’m legally retarded so I’m not liable for any financial damages
DFV: "I think if you want a REAL short squeeze, you'd want a more levered company, where it was on the verge of bankruptcy and suddenly it's not". This is literally AMC, now that they are no longer on the brink of bankruptcy, but still >80% short interest. GME IS TOP PRIORITY, but keep this in mind!
$30k is literally not even worth bending over to pick up...    UNTIL $100k+  📈📈
THIS IS COLLUSION!
We are in this together! DO YOUR PART! (Full Vid in Comments)
Those Wall Street guys could use some exercise anyway.
Checking in from Australia. Managed to buy just before all brokers here suspended trading on GME. I just really like the stock.
Taking it to the moon!!!
To Exercise or Hold? That is the question
Just bought 7 Billboards along every major highway in Orlando. To show the world I love GME.
I said I would put $100k in options yesterday and was called out for proof. I lied, it’s $119k   🏻
Not selling   🏻
The only good GME Exit strategy
Long Term EFECTS GME
First and Foremost  I want to say that this sub alone has been hands down the greatest thing I have discovered on the internet. The culture is unmatched, it cuts, it burns, we bleed, all while also picking everyone up with an unwavering acceptance of possibly the most retarded, autistic group of people in the world.   I happen to belong in this group, although I’m not the most prominent, I too pass on 2k% gains when presented with the opportunity to loose   It hurts but it’s funny, and is what gives me the feeling of belonging.   So what I came here to ask tonight, is has anyone actually considered the long term effects of this beautiful thing that is happening??  Specifically for Gamestock itself. I can’t read, so I don’t know whether the company was in legitimate trouble as they were being valued as being in a death spiral.... but this has changed the game..  Can anyone pin down exactly how much free advertising they have/are getting? They are literally on the front page of newspapers, on every news station, people are buying damn BILLBOARDS for this! All the while, they have yet they have yet to even make a statement... why would they?   Can anyone put a value on they cost of capital for them right now?   What if they decide to take a page straight out of the FUD playbook and fire that printing press up throwing out them new shares!? They could literally issue enough new shares and raise enough money at the current price to have taken themselves private at the previous valuation (250mil) while still not providing the shorts enough shares to cover.   AND THEN WHAT!?   With all this free cash and an unprecedented amount of free media they now have a chance to make BIG plays, inevitably raising their real intrinsic share value.... you know what happens then  So all of a sudden when their shares have a FAIR MARKET value of $150... with LUDICROUS amounts of media the FAIR MARKET value is no longer the MARKET VALUE, so shares now trade for $300 REAL MARKET VALUE  OH SHIT, THERE STILL 100% +- SHORT WHILE TRADING  AT MARKET VALUE...…................................................  TESLA, BLUE ORIGIN, VIRGIN GALACTIC, FUCKING NASA, are ALL going to be hitching their wagons to this rocket ship.                                                             🤝🤝🤝🤝🤝🤝🤝🤝🪐🪐🪐🪐🪐🪐🪐🪐🪐🪐🪐🪐🪐🪐🪐🪐🪐🪐🪐 So anyway.... We Like The Stock
When you randomly log in and are shocked to find cash that just settled, but you make it a promise that you'll send it to its friends Monday morning...
Opportunity is NOKing! NOK gang, earnings will justify launch. Get on the ship before takeoff! Let’s go 🗿📈 WE LIKE THE STONKS!!!
Couldn’t buy any $GME as Robinhood and others blocked and limited sales this week. Contacted some smooth brain friends over in Japan and we shared what funds we had to get some $GME. This is to stick it to the hedge funds, Melvin, Citadel, and Robinhood. Diamond hands!     🤚 To the Moon
BREAKING: SEC issues ruling on GameStop stock trading
GameStop covered in Taiwan news featuring DFV
The tears taste delicious, keep holding
Long term GME question
Feels like there used to be a lot more discussion about GME long term. When was the last time you heard the word "omnichannel"? LOL, it's probably only been like a week but damn, the last week has felt like it has taken years off of my life.  My question is this, should GME capitalize on the moment and issue shares to be able to truly set themselves up for the long term? Imagine if they issued enough shares to make a sizable acquisition like Steam? That would truly give them a serious foothold in the PC gaming industry.  Thoughts?   Anyways, GME to the moon baby! Hold Hold Hold.   This is not financial advice, I'm a lucky retard that got in back in December.  Edit 1: Been told I don't have enough emojis.                     forever   together strong. RIP harambe, dicks out forever
Starting tomorrow in Denver
An Informative Fable
ENDGAME:  As many newcomers to this subreddit are completely in the dark about strategy, I wanted to write a nice fable in order to better explain and motivate my new HOMO sapien brothers.  A purely fictional account potentially based on real-life occurrences;    THE GORILLA ENDGAME    Imagine a world in which we are a collective group of 100 Gorillas. We Gorillas hold a stockpile of 100 water bottles. We'll call it a "Stock" of water bottles. Water bottles that are essential to the survival of another species, we'll call them Homo-Faggy Monkeys (HFMs). There are \~150 HFMs, clearly not enough water bottles for each and every single one of them. These HFMs have run out of water, but yet don't want to pay the market price of our water bottles.   In fact, they decided that they'll tell all the other Chimps, Neanderthals, Baboons, C-orangutans (CNBC) that they don't even need water anymore. They've evolved past the necessity of water (even though NO clear evidence on any water-tracking source can confirm this news).  Some Gorillas are a bit worried - if they don't need water, will I ever make a profit if I sell my water bottle? If I sell now, maybe I can secure my water bottle profit, and the last Gorilla with a water bottle might lose his initial money instead. This is exactly what the HFMs want, for the Gorillas to relinquish their supply of water bottles, based on a false narrative that the HFMs have disseminated.  However, if you look at the REAL matters of fact in this great Ape story, the rest of the water on the market is starting to dry up. The great watering holes - we'll call them SPY, DOWJ, and NSDQ for short - are starting to shrivel up. The HFMs are still consuming water! They HAVE NOT EVOLVED, and still are desperate for water. In fact, they're drinking MORE water trying to convince themselves (and the great Gorillas) that they don't need water!  Because here is the real alternative. At some point, the weaker HFMs will face an existential crisis. They NEED water. They cannot survive the cost of not having water for another day. Reluctantly, the weak and smaller HFMs must capitulate and purchase the first water bottle. Now, with less water bottles available (as the 1st weak HFM has consumed the first), the SECOND weakest HFM must purchase the 2nd water bottle at a higher price (more scarcity, and the price floor was set by the 1st HFM). The second HFM can't afford to survive without water any longer. One by one, the dominos fall. Each succeeding HFM must pay a higher and higher price. Finally, the LAST water bottle in the possession of the Gorillas is purchased at the HIGHEST price, because there is scarcity in water bottles, there are more HFMs in this water war than there are actual water bottles.  So you see, the longer the Gorillas can HOLD ONTO THE WATER BOTTLES, the higher the price the water bottles get. In fact, if the Gorillas hold onto the water bottles longer, the LAST Gorilla gets the most money, because the last HFM is existentially compelled to purchase it, at whatever price.  So you see, this is not a ponzi scheme of water bottles. You're not fighting other Gorillas over making the most profit on your water bottles. All Gorillas must know that there are more HFMs than Gorillas. They pay a price each and every day they don't have a water bottle. At some point, one weak HFM will have to buy at whatever price. Then all the HFMs will have to buy at whatever price. And the last Gorilla with the last water bottle gets the MOST money.  \   If you enjoy my purely fictional story regarding Apes, please share so that the newer Apes in the subreddit understand the REAL picture. That Gorillas are under no threat if they do not sell their water bottles early. And in fact, the last Gorilla makes the most profit on their water bottles.  I'll spice up this story with some eye-catching emojis.                    #    #    #    #    #    #    #    #
Supposedly Fox Nation wants to interview me because of the whole GME situation.
$NOK ARMY - Hold the fucking line boys. Earning expected to fuck 2/4, massive contracts, BlackRock and other institutions have 14% of the float locked. Last short report was 1/15, definitely much larger short % now the way it has traded. Value and diamond hands spotlight will win the day.
Heads up boys, time to fortify your positions!!!!! Know thy enemy.
This is what paper hands looks like. I'm not making the same mistake again.

Shortie cheeks prepare for boarding!
GAMESTONK - THE SPACE SQUEEZE!
Canadian Retard will stand with you
Canadian retard here. I've been following the story for a while now, and I told myself I wasn't going to joinuntil I heard about the foul play on Thursday and Friday that Robinhood and other platforms were restricting purchase of the stock. I couldn't hold myself back and I immediately liquidated some of my other positions and bought what I could at the time. Will look to buy more on Monday. I will stand with you tards.     I really like the stock.    Not selling until $                 Not a financial advisor, also not financial advice.
$AMC. WSB Mascot saying. We Like The Stock. Actively shopping.
This aged well: Comment on u/DeepFuckingValue's first post
READ THIS FUCKING ARTICLE, DEGENERATES! - Mark Cuban: DeFi, Not Robinhood, Gives Money Back to Users
Give them nothing, but take from them... EVERYTHING
Best to exercise or continue    these calls?
GME: Moving the goal posts.
A lot of you are thinking of selling if this hits 1k. I’m not selling at 1k. 1k a share would EXTREMELY good for the hedgies, as they can afford to buy your shares at 1k and survive another day. Due to the low volume trades we’ve been witnessing and the stock maintaining above 300 (couldn’t even break 250 on friday with 3 hours of our asses getting slammed sideways by ladder attacks) I’m confident if this holds we can outlast them to MINIMUM $4,000-$20,000.   Considering that fidelity and vanguard can support the volume, i’m further confident that Monday is going to be a shit show for the hedgies.
Take a moment to thank your local WSB Mod
They’ve done a lot of us, not only in this last week moderating the sub and keeping it alive, but also in the past. This time last year, our “founder” turned in to a dictator and attempted to monetize the sub for his own gain. He’s the prick you’ve likely seen on CNBC and various other news networks. These mods had him removed and reinstated WSB to where it had been before. It was a dark time for the sub indeed but the (gay) Mods pulled through.   Thank you guys for fighting for us. We appreciate it, and I’m sure the   million new degenerates do too. Keep fighting the good fight. You’re all the best Mods on Reddit by far.   TLDR: Long $MODS  Thanks u/zjz for letting me borrow your lambo, you a real one.  Edit for those who can’t read: $MODS go
TO THE FUCKING MOON
To All The People Who Don't Think Melvin Would Engage In Illegal Practices Even With Everyone Watching, I Have Something For You To Consider.
The number of people I have seen saying this is small, but it still needs to be addressed as it is causing damage.     In 2018, a not so small foreign exchange company called Interactive Brokers was fined $  million for their involvement in the naked short selling of stocks  thousands  of times. They are a company with a market cap of $  billion.   That is nothing for a company their size.       Or, look at JPMorgan. They have a market cap of $392 billion. They were fined $920 million last year for price manipulation.   That is nothing for a company their size.       So far, Melvin and others have lost billions on their short positions, and could loose an ungodly amount more if/when the squeeze comes.     So if you don't think that they would risk millions in fees to prevent   billions   in losses, then you must be joking.       This is why it is so important that we HOLD and do not buy into their tactics.         No matter how far it falls, do not sell, as it is them manipulating the price.   Don't trust the media on this. They have just as much riding on this as Melvin.   Use Fidelity or Vanguard. Robinhood and others WILL screw you when things get rough for Melvin.  (Edit: My statement of "Don't use robinhood" seems to have mislead some people. If you own stock on Robinhood, hold it. Do not transfer either. However if you want to buy more, the best thing to do is use another broker.)     Tl;Dr    If you were Melvin, would you risk loosing billions to retail investors, or pay a few million dollars in fines and save yourself?
Gen X. First stock buy ever right before Christmas. I told my kids I’d only buy meme stock
GME valuation
After a month of rising and a week of mooning, GME trades at $300 and a market cap of 22 billion. And it's fairly valued. Gamestop consistently brings in  . And even with all the pandemic shutdowns it brought in 6 billion in 2020. Fair market value should at least be $100 a share at 8 billion. If it seems high now, it's only because it was massively undervalued before.  Now we're coming out of the pandemic. Gamestop has new leadership. The whole world is watching and millions of retards are buying in anger. And it's only at $300 after multiple counts of manipulation and shorting. Gamestop has plenty more potential to run. It can pivot to new online business models. Revenue should be much higher due to re opening and essentially free advertising and news coverage. People will continue to buy and hold.  There's no reason GME can't display the same price movement as TSLA, which went up and up, and if it didn't go up  it stayed sideways. The shorts lost on TSLA and they will lose here. Don't try to anticipate the GME crash because if we all hold strong there simply won't be one. Let's get this sucker to 100 billion market cap and more importantly, hold the price steady as we get there.    tldr; GME is fairly valued at $300, potential to keep going, I want it to mirror TSLA price movement
GME    WILL CAUSE MARKET CORRECTION
Here is my hypothesis for what February will look like, with a bit of nuance into the wsb/$GME/$AMC/etc situation. Enjoy!  TLDR     GME but will lead to 📉📉📉rest of market   Most hedge funds take full advantage of the leverage allowances given to them by federal regulators. Current regulation allows them to be up to 30x leveraged as long as their overall position is net neutral. This means for very $1 in their fund they can be $15 short and $15 long because the leverage is assumed to be canceled out back to zero since the fund is equally long/short, hence: net neutral.   So, the following is what happens when you get a black swan event where mania is   in the markets in the form of a large number of investors actively trying to squeeze stocks with high short floats:  It's important to understand that most of the time, the stocks with the highest floats have high short floats because it's where the smart money is collectively shorting. There are currently ~20 companies with short floats comprising 35% or more of outstanding shares.  When hedge funds and RIAs who are net neutral but fully leveraged, see a ton of their shorts being threatened by a potential squeeze, they logically decide to close some of their short positions to prevent heavy, cascading losses.  What happens next? Hedge Fund A has $1b of real, non-levered, capital. They took on $30b of leverage and shorted $15b worth of companies while longing $15b worth of companies, an equal ratio because, by law, they have to remain net neutral if they take on leverage. So, Hedge Fund A decides to de-risk in the face of this black swan event threatening all of its shorts at once by closing, let's say 30% of their short position, so $5b. Now they’re $10b short and $15b long on $1b worth of real, non-levered capital. In order to comply with regulation they now have to cut $5b of their long position as well. What do they sell? Outperforming blue chips that are heavily liquid like Tesla which is up over 1000% since January 2020 and other names like it that are also up 10-30% in 2021 alone seem like a good place to book profits. So broader market indices start to feel the pain.  I think for this reason, if the wsb short squeeze trend of buying heavy short floated stocks continues, we’ll likely see markets pullback in February as most of the speculative retail money gets deployed. This isn’t the way people thought we’d see a 10-15% pullback in the markets, but a correction was probably needed, and this is one way of how it might manifest.   So when Feb comes as long as no negative covid/vaccine news comes out, make sure to have some cash on the side so you can BTFD. /end rant  Edit: stop pumping tickers and instead read and take note of the potential DISCOUNTED STOCKS you may be able to buy with newfound GME/AMC/ETC tendies.
Anatomy of a Short Attack
Days ago, Robinhood had the potential to be a major brokerage and a top IPO. Now there's a significant chance they won't survive
Bringing   millions   of new agents into the market, disrupting the whole industry with commission-free trading, an intuitive UI that any ape like us can use, becoming the #1 downloaded app across most app stores...  Without Robinhood, this whole thing probably wouldn't have happened and WSB would likely be stuck at 100k subscribers like it was 3-4 years ago. Because lets face it, a hugee percent of WSB use(d) Robintard because we're too low-functioning to use brokerages that use >4 syllable phrases like "money market fund" or "moving average"  Something like this happening right before going public was   GOLDEN   for them. All they had to do was not be a corrupt sellout bitch, keep their huge influx of new users happy, and they would've been set to come out of this a more respectable, even larger brokerage, as well as a high-value public company.  Instead they decided to expose the raw underbelly of their shitty business model and go exactly against their entire mission statement. Even if capital/margin requirements was the reason for the restrictions (it was definitely a factor but protip: it wasn't the full story), it doesn't change anything about the end result. Who the fuck wants to use a BROKErage who can't guarantee functionality during historical black swan events that usually result in the largest transfer of money? And then,   even if   they can't maintain capital requirements to execute trades, they could have handled it better. Just fucking pull the money from somewhere. Take out a huge loan from somebody ASAP. You can always get instant money if you don't give a fuck about interest rates, which they shouldn't because it's short-term and like I said, it would've been   HUGE   for the future of the company. Another one, they could have restricted both buying   ; selling of the trending tickers, or just go down altogether (RH users are very familiar with the app being down and losing full functionality, why is this time any different?). Yeah it would've sucked but at least it would've fucking stayed consistent with their mission statement of fair, democratic trading for all. I fuckin work at Wendy's and I can still imagine several better alternatives than the BS "difficult solution" they did.  And speaking of their mission statement, it's complete BS. It's just a sugarcoated way of saying "lol we allow poor people to trade and have pretty colors". They clearly don't give a shit about DeMoCrAtIzInG tRaDiNg FoR aLl. Because if they did, their business model wouldn't have been a Wall Street megacorp keeping the lights on by frontrunning user trade data.  And yeah another reason why "volatiilty" and "trade volume" excuses are BS is because they   increased   restrictions on Friday when both volume and volatility   decreased   lmfao. Screw this POS jokerage.  Edit: And the lawsuits up the ass. They just finished a $65m SEC settlement   LAST MONTH  , think their rainy day fund is big enough to handle something like this immediately after? Lmao gl   Edit: Tbh this fuckery was such a double win for Citadel because they get to force RH to manipulate the market while also signing their death note, which for Citadel means less retail investors....   #FUCK YOU ROBINTARD. YOU CAN'T STOP US FROM LIKING THE STOCK
Was the real issue the Depository Trust & Clearing Company upping the deposit requirements on Robinhood at 10am Friday? Who runs DTTC? Do they have hedge fund connections?
GME OG Team - Uberkikz11 Update
TL;DR  For everyone on here that can't read, I’ll keep it short & sweet. Some of you may know I’ve been long GameStop since 2017. We finally exceeded my fair market value, a goal I had always dreamed of. I sold \~95%.   🤚. Price has gone so far beyond my $169 bull case. The remaining 300 shares march onward to crush the Persian hedge funds in lockstep with those of you still fully strapped aboard the      . I believe it is more likely than not we see a higher high.  WORDS:  We flew past it so quickly that I even managed to sell myself a meme-orable fill as I was taking profits.   🤦🏻‍♂️ compared to the immaculate /u/DeepFuckingValue—he has only trimmed while I am \~95% out. I will sell CSPs over the next weeks at prices I’m happy to invest at for the long term after the speculative mania subsides. I have 300 Spartan shares still standing tall at this point and wish for us to see true Valhalla—another sell at $  beyond. This is my goal now. One thing I always pride myself on is being transparent and honest. I want you all to know I took life changing profits—at least my paper and crayons taste good. Plus I can even buy fresh tendies and tip the tendieman! Cheers to all, and may more tendies cometh soon to all my fellow degenerates. -Rod    If you like hearing me use grown up words telling my part of the GME story and choking up at the end, check out the most recent Odd Lots podcast:      Live on Bloomberg TV after the market close on Friday, what an exhausting week!      Get Twitter and follow the glorious Viking into battle for a seat at the mead hall in Valhalla:
New Billboard Added in Colorado Springs, CO
Because of work restrictions I can’t buy GME but I want to contribute to WSB’s generosity
TFSA- Canadians for the HOLD
GME Week of Feb 1 Strategy
I got in on this party quite late; initially watching from the sidelines. On Thursday, when all the Robinhood chaos unfolded and the price artificially plummeted, I saw the opportunity to jump in and picked up a single, Feb 19th $320 call.    Come Monday, I'm prepared to buy up to $100k+ worth of stock and/or options.   However, I first want to explore a couple of various scenarios that we may see play out and think through the potential effects with you guys ... no matter how unlikely they are. I'll try to be succinct.  # Scenario 1: issuance of new blocks of stock at ~market value    EDIT: THIS IS NOT POSSIBLE ( I was not aware )       ~~If I'm not mistaken, Q1 for Gamestop begins Feb 1. Say they want to capitalize on everything by essentially, sending a bailout package to hedge funds - the very ones responsible for shorting them in the first place. This would be in an effort to shore up their finances and provide them enough capital to easily explore ways to adapt their business. Likely, this would come with strings attached.   Hedge funds receiving new shares cannot sell for n years.~~    ~~Potential Outcomes:~~    1. ~~HFs close out their short positions and short interest plummets. No more squeeze looks promising because the only shorts remaining would be those which shorted in the $300+ range.    don't have a strong incentive to hold, nor try to compete against these remaining shorts. Retail selling begins.~~ 2. ~~?~~  # Scenario 2: short interest isn't all telling  We are all aware that short interest is extremely high - quite likely still over 100%. However, with the recent blast of all media coverage from  reputable  networks, all are claiming Melvin, Citron, and Muddy Waters have all closed their short positions. I find this hard to believe and suspect. Sounds like a shitty PR   and obvious plea/attempt to instill fear.  Let's just assume that these reports are true. We can then infer that this extremely high short interest is more likely held near the $77, $160, $380 - $483 levels (just taking daily highs).  If that's the case, for the sake of argument, let's assume the $77 shorts have closed their positions - helping drive the price up to the next levels.    Potential Impact:    1. Short interest remains extremely high, but the current market value ($325) is not enough pressure to initiate a squeeze - assuming these firms have enough capital to not be in danger of a margin call. Or, perhaps those that are in trouble, have decided to sell off other positions in the market to remain in good standing - hence the overall market decline this week. 2. ?    Potential Outcomes:    1.      1.   stay impenetrable. However, it becomes an extremely long dragged out war until they get tired of paying the short interest fees which are insanely high - especially for new shorts.    2.    turn paper. Without deep pockets, we would need continued institutional longs to help push this into a squeeze.     There are plenty of holes in each scenario on why it's so unlikely or not possible. I'm curious to hear your thoughts on this as well.
Saturday Night Live, tonight!!! get ready for a WSB GME mention
I’m doing my part!!!
⚠️YOU WILL LOSE EVERYTHING IF YOU DON’T ANTICIPATE THEIR NEXT MOVE ⚠️
Serious discussion about short seller tactics in the week to come. This is a thread about educating each other on what your opponent could do  to fuck you over.  I see so many people saying price targets of $GME to $1,000, $10,000, $50,000... as if buying back the shares they shorted is your opponent’s only option... Is it REALLY their only option? Everyone who believes that without questioning other tactics is really underestimating Wall Street.  ————————————  I’ll start with this question. Who did the shorts borrow shares from? Do those people care about getting their shares returned or do they just care about cash and their agreed upon interest rate?   If that’s the case, what stops a short seller from making a side deal with them that says   “recovering your shares is a lost cause, here is a lump sum. Your shares are no longer borrowed, they’ve been sold. This is a better deal for you and me because if we fail, you won’t get paid”  ————————————  TLDR: please for the love of god read. There’s 900,000,000 rocket ship retard posts on /wsb. Let’s please have one thread that’s actually productive.
We saw an opportunity and took it
My biggest regret (so far). Let this be a lesson to not 📄  I have learned my lesson and will continue holding what I have left. $GME
A WSB Music Video   This Took Longer Than Expected to Make   GME     (Meme Flair doesnt work)
OPEN UP, IT'S TIME FOR THE PILL!!!!!
I’ve loading up GME ads for Monday all across Michigan using Blip.
Not letting grandma out until Melvin and Citadel are bankrupt. When will it happen? She's starting to complain so please squoze the squeeze next week
Meme stocks not meme anymore. Citadel and Melvin F you  💪
Can Robinhood prevent selling at their discretion? Can they experience "technical difficulties" when someone might want to sell?
Hypothetically let's say the the squeeze truly does squoze during the next couple of weeks and we're all sipping fresh GME juice aboard our moon rocket. RH clearly doesn't want the retail sector coming out ahead here. If GME were to hit 5k a share or whatever, could they just disable selling? Or could they "go down" for a day at peak times?  Is there any recourse for someone who might want to sell but can't due to app/website errors? If I try to initiate a sell at X time, but it doesn't go through because of problems on their end, is there any way I can prove that and force them to sell at the amount I asked for, or am I SOL?  I'm not just asking for myself, I'm asking for the probably hundreds of thousands of us sitting with shares in RH who can't move to Fidelity or another broker because the securities transfer would take too long. We have no choice but to hold out hope that if the iron gets hot, we'll be allowed to strike.  For the record, I plan on holding until at least 10k, and depending on how the next couple of weeks go that might be increasing substantially. I just want to know that I can GET the fair price for my stocks if I do sell and that RH isn't going to fuck me over and then play the "whoopsie, network error!" card.   I mean people could sue for such an event, right?  Edit: I think we need a plan for people in such a situation. If enough people are screen recording, showing the precise moment they were trying to buy or sell and exactly what happened, and then getting together and amassing a huge amount of proof, RH is going to have to capitulate. Maybe we should make a sub just in anticipation of this kind of problem. I'm not even joking, I think it would be useful. We have the right to sell our stocks and participate in the market. If they interfere with that we need to be able to show it.  Edit 2: I completely agree about getting out of RH as soon as possible. They're a garbage service. The issue is that if I move my shares now to another broker, that could take weeks and in the meantime I would be locked out of making any moves. Same goes for everyone else in this position.  Edit 3: It seems the consensus is that RH can absolutely do this and then make you say "thank you, daddy" after fucking you sideways with no lube.    Final edit  : Okay, well, regardless of how things shake out with RH, I'm here because   I like the stock   and I plan to hold.
A salute to all of you absolutely diamond handed legends    🤚
We're doing it.  It's happening.  We're winning.  We're holding.  We're not selling.  We're buying the dips. We're applying the pressure.  We're juicing the squeeze, which has yet to squoze.  More diamond handing will be demanded of us. And we'll handle it no sweat.    It's just math.  The hedgies are fucked.  We sit on our shares, and they bleed.  Not blood of course, but the only thing they care about.  Money.  We're hitting em in the only place they care about - their wallets.  We're actually getting our chance.  To get back some of the money that they soaked up for destroying the economy in 2008.  To get out of debt.  To pay the bills.  To buy a house.  To pay for the treatment. To have a retirement.  This is the first hopeful, dare I say optimistic time in many of our lives.  Not only at the prospect of making some perhaps life changing money, nor only to put the screws to the elites that fuck us over without a second thought.  But at how unifying this experience has been.  I feel a bond with each of you, for holding strong through the ups and downs, and diamond handing with ice in your veins and steel in your glare.  Memes are on point too.  There was no massive selloff.  The volume was low.  We made it through this last week.  We can make it through this next one. And on for however long the shorts would like to continue bleeding.  We  will  have our infinite squeeze.  And it will be glorious.  A salute to all of you diamond handed legends    🤚   TO INFINITY AND BEYOND  edit: and obviously, $GME
I’m staggering limit buys in anticipation of the short ladder attacks on GME
My GME shares are sacred.   I’ll be setting up my buys to get more shares if they try and pull any bs to lower the stock price. I don’t care what it takes, I’ll get as many shares as I can.   I’m am holding until I see every last HF who shorted GME walking out of the high rise they used to work at, carrying boxes of all the stupid yacht, house and car photos of stuff they don’t actually own anymore, and I see verified bankruptcy documents to prove that can’t pull anymore stupid shit like they did with GME.   It’s not about they money for me. If the squeeze comes and GME shoot up, so be it. If GME comes crashing down, so be it. Sorry Dad.
Do Not Fall For The Scare Tactics: If you yield now the hedge funds will prevail. Keep looking at the facts and do your own research.
I’m doing my part!
We got this!
Upcoming YOLO when there is no more GME to buy!
WE'RE THE GUARDIANS OF GAMESTOP
Im all for this sub- been here for a year but......
Shits going to get bad, They big investors are trying to act like victims... Cohen quit Twitter because of threats (people will see as WSB). SEC is lurking and trying to find anything possible to screw WSB over best believe that.   Once they find something as much as a threat to the HedgeFund guys that relates to us.. they’re going to put out the news and GME is gonna shoot down. Keep that in mind. Everyone play clean here. Fuck them of course but no threats     FUCK THOSE SCUMBAGS LETS GET THESE FATBAGS BABY!!!!!        Edit: I like this stock. I’m not against you guys. I’m just looking at what is possible. They’re going to try and fuck us and shut us down or something. THEY DONT WANT BROKES TO WIN THIS. WE JUST LIKE THE STOCK. THE IM RETARDED AS WELL.   Wait what’s a threat? I’m retarded.
Current fear mongering posts
Let me preface this by stating, fuck Robinhood.      We all are seeing a ton of posts and comments right now stating the absolute worst case scenarios as fact in regards to Robinhood.     They are exercising cash positions as margin.   They are locking your accounts due to owing less than a dollar.   They will be bankrupt by Monday morning.   Etc, etc, etc.      Numerous users stating others need to transfer assets and positions out of RH asap.   Numerous users stating others need to just sell and reinvest with other brokers.   Numerous users stating others need to sell before trading is halted for 30 days, or RH goes under and locks your shares, costing you potentially hundreds of thousands, or millions.      First, nobody here can give YOU financial advice. That is not who, or what, WSB is about. Do your own research based off of what you read here, THEN make an educated decision with YOUR money.      Second, ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS check the comment and post history, INCLUDING CONTENT, NOT JUST KARMA, of anyone posting something that may make you worry about your positions, or your brokerage.      This sub has grown exponentially (that means bigger, for you retards) in a VERY small amount of time. We have new members. Extremely vulnerable and inexperienced investors/gamblers. You are who I am directing this to.      This is a war of Hedge Funds versus individual investors. There are no rules in war, as we are seeing. If they need to make accounts here to scare people into selling, they will.      They are.      Again, neither myself, nor any other fucking retard here, can give anyone advice as to what to do.      But, before you do anything, be educated about the current situation. Be informed about the upcoming possibilities. Be skeptical of posters and commenters.     You fucking retards.      Edit 1 Tl;Dr - Stop believing everything on the internet you autists. Loosen your helmets.      Edit 2 - 🤲    🛰 🛸 ⚫
WSB next week with all gains from GME AMC
Robinhood is REALLY screwing us. They have the shares we buy, so they pocket the 30% they get from lending shares to short sellers, that we didn't agree to be leant out in the first place.
I get butterflies when I see this
For all the new people here, this is what WSB normally is.
[GME]     Never Surrender
GME heads to the Mountains
Finally, someone in the media gets it.
JPM & CITADEL AND HOW SLV IS CONNECTED. MAJOR SCHEME THAT WAS PLANNED AND HERE IS HOW YOU ARE GETTING PLAYED
What’s good newcomers, OG’s, Millennials, Boomers, boys, girls,  , 🍉 and former 🥭 tweet enjoyers.     OBLIGATORY - $GME        (YES THAT IS 7 ROCKET EMOJIS SO YOU KNOW IM DAMN SERIOUS).    It’s ya boy here, ElJefe and boyyyyyy do I have something to share with you!  Hold onto your seats, because what I’m about to share IS a doozy and it might help make a lot of connections with what the fuck is going on related to this whole GME fiasco, that is now turning into some chance opportunity for $SLV to return to the main stage as another   “squeeze opportunity”.    Listen we all should know by now that the news we are shown is mostly used to control a narrative for a certain group and this is   NO DIFFERENT OF A TIME  .  The thing that is so unique with this situation is how intertwined things are more than you are lead to believe.   Does anyone find it amazing that 1 company Robinhood) was able capture the attention of millions upon millions of NEW retail investors by simply creating an app that is understandable and is easy to use? Think of it, Robinhood opened the door to change people’s lives by guiding them through the transaction process for stocks and people started to open their eyes and realize that making money to sustain your life doesn’t need to take a whole bunch of your time away from you.   So here is where the story begins.  Robinhood as many of you know was   heavily   funded by a Market Maker that is known as Citadel (previously Wellington management, which was founded in 1933 by Walter L.   Morgan  (weird coincidence, but maybe popular name in the day 🙃) as the first balanced mutual fund).  Citadel not only is a market maker, but they also are the providers of a certain component of the transaction process known as immediate or cancel interface. Check out “Citadel Connect” - which essentially is known for the immediate or cancel interface that is baked directly into the transaction process for Brokerages. So they have their hand in a lot of cookie jars across brokerages, to say the least. They also provide a system of algorithmic trading that helps automatic trading for their clients and more! Check out their website, it is eye opening the power this single company really has over the exchange.   Now keep in mind from before, Citadel gave Robinhood a   SIGNIFICANT AMOUNT OF MONEY   to get them going because they saw a huge opportunity with having   MORE   retail traders joining the party and that opportunity was   DATA  . Citadel has instant and live trading data access to every single trade you make (hence why you usually notice an immediate opposing force from the stock you are buying - buy call and stock goes down right away, buy put and stock goes up right away), this is not something you are imagining, Citadels algorithm is literally taking this data in real time, and placing the most favorable trade for Citadel, which usually starts mind fucking you with your position right off the bat. Remember emotional trading will always lose, and they fuck with your emotions IMMEDIATELY (usually).  So Robinhood —> Citadel.  Next is JP Morgan. The banker. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait up. A  Morgan  started the original Citadel (Wellington), remember? Seems like a killer coincidence! Is Walter somehow related to John Pierpont? Even if indirectly, they bare the same family name... hmmm weird, but I can’t seem to find any relation on good old Google! So we’ll leave this just as a coincidence.   Back to JP Morgan - they would be the next in line to pay up or default and they are fully aware of the immensity of an infinite squeeze and now are in a position where they would be ones losing huge amounts of money. They have a lot of smart people working for them that quickly caught onto this and starting creating a contingency plan of some kind of to recoup some of the losses they are about to experience.    This is where $SLV/Silver comes into play and WHY YOU ARE SEEING IT POP UP MORE FREQUENTLY.    For those who unaware, $SLV is the ishares Silver Trust (which is blackrock’s silver etf). The silver squeeze   IS   something to have happened before and guess who was able to benefit   SIGNIFICANTLY   off of the sell off of the last $SLV rally... JP Morgan. How’d they do this?   They shorted the fuck out of it.   Check out JP Morgan’s history with the precious metals market -   They paid, but still made out like bandits with profits.   Weird how when JP Morgan is about to lose a metric fuck ton of money, $SLV all of a sudden becomes “viral” and we start seeing it popping up everywhere as the “next squeeze”, but maybe just a coincidence, right?   Recap Robinhood —> Citadel —> JP Morgan would be the defaulted order. JP Morgan will need to recoup losses somehow, and what better way then A short on Silver whilst writing options during the run up?  Hence why $SLV has became viral.  So in essence. Stay the fuck away from Silver stocks unless you really know what you’re doing. Our mission is to focus on  🤲🏻ing GME.   EVERYTHING ELSE THAT IS BEING      SHILLED      IS A DISTRACTION  .     Also, Citadel should be another entity we are burning at the stake, not just Robinhood. Citadel is pulling off the greatest heist in history and the rest of the hedgies are just benefiting from this fiasco.               🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉              🤲🏻🤲🏻🤲🏻🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🥭🥭🥭🥭🥭🥭🥭🥭🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵  $SLV CREW 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡  GME & AMC CREW 👑👑👑👑👑👑🤴🤴🤴🤴🤴🤴🤴🤴🤴👑👑👑👑👑👑   TLDR:  HOLD GME IT IS A REALLY GREAT STOCK , SLV IS DISTRACTION (at least during this), BUY TANGIBLE SILVER. IT IS IN JPM’S BEST INTEREST AT THIS POINT FOR GME TO FALL AND THEY ARE DOING DAMAGE CONTROL TO RECOUP LOSSES BY SHILLING SLV AND THEN SHORTING BECAUSE BLACKROCK HAS A MASSIVE POSITION IN GME.
Don't ever sell, or why $GME is so important.
Nothing I post is financial advice, I have severe brain damage and have the functional intelligence of a particularly smart beetle.  I've heard a lot of talk about people saying "It's not about the money" in regards to $GME but I feel that misses the practical mark.  Do any of you ever want to be able to make money on stocks ever again? Because of the possibility of the little guy coming out a little ahead on one stock, Robinhood has trading restrictions on 50 stocks now:    This is absurd, this is manipulation of all sorts of companies that have gone in and out of WSB popularity over the years.  For instance, they don't want you buying $AMD after they just killed it at earnings?  Their PE is only 41, that's nothing compared to the ~180 it was back in June of 2019.  It's a much safer bet now, risk wise.  They're doing this to put us all in our place.  I thought I'd outsmart everyone else here and buy into $NOK before it took off, well now $NOK is restricted too.  And you know what?  I'm never going to make a dime on it if $GME doesn't succeed.  It has occurred to me if I ever want to see a return ever again, I need to buy some $GME at market open monday. And I might never be able to sell.  Because once we start selling, the price will go down fast and the shorts will win.  So the only way to win is to never sell.  If we win, we'll bleed them dry and they'll think twice before trying to screw us again.  The only way to win is to buy $GME and never sell.  TL;DR- Buy and hold $GME until the end of time.
Hedge Funds next week
GME and the prisoner's dilemma
Introduction    If you have not heard of the prisoner's dilemma, here is a quick rundown.   Two members of a criminal gang are arrested and imprisoned. Each prisoner is in solitary confinement with no means of communicating with the other. The prosecutors lack sufficient evidence to convict the pair on the principal charge, but they have enough to convict both on a lesser charge. Simultaneously, the prosecutors offer each prisoner a bargain. Each prisoner is given the opportunity either to betray the other by testifying that the other committed the crime, or to cooperate with the other by remaining silent. The possible outcomes are:  If A and B each betray the other, each of them serves two years in prison  If A betrays B but B remains silent, A will be set free and B will serve three years in prison  If A remains silent but B betrays A, A will serve three years in  prison and B will be set free  If A and B both remain silent, both of them will serve only one year in prison (on the lesser charge).  In our case snitching is selling, and holding is remaining silent. And the jail sentence is "losing your money", so by selling you won't "lose".  As you can see in the prisoner's dilemma it is most logical that the two gang members will snitch on each other in order to look out for themselves - even though it is the worst decision. The thing is in reality however, humans have shown a great deal of co-operation.  The reality is that people will hold, and by not holding you ultimately fuck yourself over as well as the rest of everyone else. So while it might seem rational selling, the truth is it is more rational holding.     Here is a pretty table.
Transfer of Wealth from top to bottom
Obviously this whole thing has become bigger than itself and only making the wealth gap issue more apparent. Anyway here’s my indica induced theory on how a huge transfer of wealth might happen:  There’s other posts about how the short is gonna gamma and Infiniti money glitch. Firm will have to sell off assets to buy GME. Everything will tank for a week and at that time all of the retail investors especially new ones should BUY FUCKING DIP. Literally take the hedge funds wealth straight from them. Hold it. And wait for it to become your wealth. Or something like that idk I’m a dummy  Obviously not financial advise or any different from what millionaires and billionaires do on CNBC every day and boomer investors salivate over their “gospel” ;)
$AMC To MARS! YOLO
Are Hedge Funds in trouble?
They might get out of GME with minimal loses without triggering the squeeze, but with halting the trading, going on a TV and spewing out lies about WallStreetBets like saying it's an organization, or all the pundits saying how short positions were closed(while the math didn’t add up). And I'm not even talking about how all the powerful people got away with coronavirus insider trading without repercussions, but as soon as a regular Joe started to make a dime, suddenly everyone's talking about regulations. I feel like they've just poked a beehive?!  I feel like GME is just a battle, and not a war. The real war will begin once people open Vanguard/Fidelity accounts and all the money deposits get processed, then the internet will be unstoppable. I feel like GME is just the tip of an iceberg and the real storm is coming.
Buying a large popcorn next time $AMC
Leave RH
I wasnt going to play this time around. Played all summer. Rode some shit up. Rode some shit down. Was gonna sit GME out.   Thursday changed my mind.  I liquidated 15k to come in at open and on dips through Friday. RH said nope. And then nope again and nope again.  As soon as this is over, I'm moving every fucking penny out.    Im not upvoting any more posts that screenshot RH. And I think there should be brokerage flair for users on the sub. Fuck these guys.
Nice try Daniel
Forever never dies 🥰
THE WALL STREET JOURNAL GME
The media and most of you retards are getting 2 things wrong
1) This is mostly the media, but some retards here are guilty too.  GME is not the joke. In fact, GME is the only  sane  thing in the market now. The strategy is not based on the fundamentals,  which is the whole fucking point . These hedgefunds are so confident that they can manipulate the price of the stock that they are  massively over risked . GME is not a joke, the idea that the market is fair or that it is measuring actual value is the joke and the autists here are proving it.  2) Robinhood isn't exactly the bad guy. Run by a pussy maybe, but probably not corrupt. The brokers and clearing houses have a legal obligation to be able to clear trades for their clients. If they can't, they need to take action. No one can get  actual shares  of GME right now, which is the effect of the strategy. The hedgefunds need to buy it and they can't, which is exactly the effect we are hoping for. No one can, which is why if Robinhood wanted to buy GME for it's customer they'd need to have 100% of the value at the broker/clearing house. This means they COULD get it, but they literally need to send trucks of cash to the clearing house before they could do so, this takes time and the CEO of Robinhood is obviously a pussy and thinks that bringing the market to the people is about making the buy button prettier and not about flexing the muscle of 1M users. His actual job should be to get a line of credit from a bank that's across the street from the clearing house or w/e. I don't know the actual details because I don't work in the industry, but anyone should be able to figure this out after a few hours of reading threads here over the past few days. If anyone can get GME right now it's because their broker is taking some risk of they have a line of credit with the broker. Robinhood simply isn't willing to take a  risk  on your behalf, which is very different from them simply blocking your buy button on behalf of some backroom handshake deal.  Edit: Let me make this very simple for all you extra special retards: you can't buy something that no one is selling. Neither can Robinhood, neither can their broker, neither can their clearing house(whether that's Robinhood themselves, DST, or anyone else). I agree that Vlad is a moron and a pussy. The Hedgefunds can't get stock, this is what we want. If we effect a strategy where-in Hedgefunds can't get the stock, do you really think Vlad is going to be able to get it? Vlad is just the king-retard of the retards that think that buying a stock is as complicated as clicking the big green buy button.
feeling some major FOMO....
Never fucking selling... remember, this won’t happen overnight. Ignore the ups and downs. Ignore the fear mongering. Hold and it will happen.
I call bullshit. Now one here plotting this. Some asshole cooking up his own shit
RIP Melvin
$200 to $600k since Jan. 12 $GME $BB
Obfuscation, Misinformation, Propaganda, and GME!
Hello   retards  , I am a Cybersecurity professional. I have worked in propaganda prevention, phishing, technical control implementation, and cyber-warfare capacities. Some of you are retarded, if not most of you. So I have written this guide to help you understand the tools, tactics, and procedures used by nation-states, organised crime, and bad actors to persuade people to take actions outside of their own best interests!  EDIT    TLDR: Don't trust anything you read on this site, feel free to not trust my content too!     At this stage, you are seeing a combination of all three techniques being used by a combination of nation states and financial sector bad actors. Spend five minutes looking into US foreign relations if you want to understand why nation states are interested in manipulating the outcome of this short squeeze.  1. Obfuscation is the action of making something obscure, unclear, or unintelligible. 2. Misinformation is false or inaccurate information that is communicated regardless of an intention to deceive. 3. Propaganda is information, especially of a biased or misleading nature, used to promote a political cause or point of view.  Anyway, here are some things to look out for, a   TLDR at the end will help you understand your best defensive measures available  .  # Creating Noise  We are seeing a significant uptick in bot traffic to Reddit, Twitter, and other social media. This appears in all data really, especially trading data. Adversaries like to create noise to make it difficult to get truly valuable information for a standard user. We are seeing 7 million members in WallStreetBets. At this stage, it is very likely that over a million of those accounts are involved in propaganda.  While our moderators have some success with using automated moderation to remove low-karma or low-age accounts, any sensible blackhat offensive security outfit would have created thousands or potentially hundreds of thousands of accounts pre-emptively over time. Alternatively, they would have a suite of compromised reddit accounts ready for use. If you share your password across multiple websites, there is a great chance you have at least been involved in a data-breach and had some of your accounts stealth-stolen.  With a lot of accounts available, you can then set them up to either automatically post content either calling Reddit API's (Captcha doesn't do shit, check appsec california 2019) or you can use something like mechanical turk service to pay literal peanuts to poor people to do menial tasks. So, expect that a lot of activity in this sub-reddit, on twitter, and on other social media is coming from non-reputable sources and designed to mislead you.  # Excessive Information  Detailed analysis, legalese, or complicated sentences are a fantastic way to mislead people. Consider what the average person is, and then remember 50% of the population are stupider than them. A lot of narrative strength and credibility comes simply from using language that is difficult to parse or comprehend for the average person. If you see posts that are using very technical language, remember that either the person has no idea how to communicate, or they are very intentional with how they are communicating.  # Internal Jargon Builds Trust  By using jargon and language that is familiar to people, you are in a position of trust. As an adversary, I would always do reconnaisance ahead of time to understand the culture of the organisation I am targetting. Once you have the internal language mastered, you can build credibility with your sentences. Apes be strong, Retard Strength, Guh, whatever. This is a public forum, it will be easy for an adversary to gain trust and credibility from using our language.  # Expert Analysis vs Crowdsourced Expertise  Nowadays, humans are migrating away from expert PoV's towards crowd-sourced or community views. This has some positives, sometimes experts get it wrong especially in the field of economics and finance. Secondly, like getting a second opinion from a doctor, you're able to get a seemingly broader perspective about what is good.  The problem with this is that you cannot always rely on crowd-sourced expertise, and academic standards often have very rigorous procedures involved. Now, in this situation, you can't rely on a uni whitepaper. This is fairly unprecedented. But you shouldn't entirely discount the opinions of experts in the media at the same time.  # Qualitative vs Quantitive Data  As humans, we tend to easily believe Quantitive Data over Qualitative. Numbers, Math, Statistics, Charts, they all require significantly more effort to disprove than to create. Because of this lopsided nature, they're used a lot fo misinform and manipulate opinion. Especially concerning is that most individuals do not feel qualified to question empirical data.  When looking at chart data, try to independently verify its factual correctness using other sources of information. Also, try to recognise what the agenda behind the creator of the chart is. What are they trying to achieve?  # Summing up or TLDR    There is a significant increase in content attributable to both new-users, bad actors, and bots. There is a lot of copy-pasting, a lot of meme'ing, and also a lot of bullshit. Don't get stressed by the sheer amount of content available now and take everything you read with an open mind that it may not be written in your best interest.   There will be a lot of new technical posts trying to explain the situation. Remember that most retards can't comprehend anything like that. Good Autists can choose to write in a non-technical way to help us apes. Bad actors will intentionally choose difficult language to build credibility. Question things that aren't written in CLEAR and SIMPLE language.   You can't do much about hiding our cultural language, everybody knows it now. Just remember that there are some novice adversaries who will be 'fellow school kids' and not do their reconnaisance. Also remember that you will feel more trusting of users who use this language, and pull that emotion back.   While mainstream media is looking into manipulating content for their hedge-fund masters, remember that there are still academics and other independent experts who can provide good analysis. Reddit is good for crowd-sourcing expertise, but don't forget that independent academics exist too who are, arguably, more difficult to manipulate.   Don't trust charts, statistics, or anything numerical at face value. This content is chosen because it is difficult and time-consuming to disprove, and provided legitimacy and credibility to the author with low effort. If you lack expertise in that area, consider the chart or opinion to be misleading by default AND then independently verify using other sources of information. Also, try to recognise what the agenda behind the chart is.  Hope this helps you redditors with your memes over the next month, I expect a huge disinformation   to continue to be orchestrated against this subreddit for a long time to come.
So I woke up to this one day awhile back...
Fuck it. I bought a pair of billboards in Coeur d' Alene, ID, to spread the word to any of the 5 or 6 people left that don't bout' our situation yet. Not financial advice. Just a goober with too much money. Donation to the cause.
TradeZero defended our right to buy stonks!!!  RH excuse is BS.
Giant Virtual Handshake? (Social Distancing compliant)
Can we all take a moment to appreciate the magnitude of what we are doing here?  Not just the financial aspect, but the social too.   7 million  degenerates from all over the world, across country, race, religion, politics and even species with 1 one focus...  For many, this is probably the most social we have been since 2020.   Can we   giant virtual handshake to everyone in group??? ( even them robinhood spies )  Apes Stronger together
Be prepared. Don’t know if this is legit or not but I’ve been trading with Robinhood for two years and never seen this til I bought GME. I’m not on margin, its’s not enabled. Just to be sure I added 10 bucks to my account. But this is sus just like all other “errors” I’ve seen people post.
Customer-Centric Fundamental Analysis of $AMC
$GME featured later in the post, too.     Sorry if this DD sucks ass and leads a bunch of people to ditch $AMC. Just focus on the future, and think about the mind of the consumer. Most of that shit they teach in business school is bullshit is trash. Trust me.           ​ I will return to that a bit later in this DD. Here's another take based on fundamentals on why you might consider $AMC at \~$13/share one of the great value investment opportunities of our time. ~~Bear~~ with me as I, too, am just a retard like some of the readers here. ​ Let's begin with the basic asymmetries in a macroeconomic context: ​   Market Cap (MC):    M   Enterprise Value (EV):   B ​  When seeing that figure, you might wonder if you don't know shit, why might a company have an enterprise value so much greater than its Market Cap. A Company's EV is the total debt + market cap - cash on hand. As you may have heard in the recent news, nobody is having trouble getting access to cash. So then, why might that figure be significant at all if it is practically just about how much the company owes + aggregate value of the stonk. Well, my father used to say, the price of a product is what someone is willing to pay for it. If someone wanted to buy or takeover AMC, they need to pay around   B. In a few months, I anticipate that number to be so much higher. ​  The main reason I think $AMC dropped so low and generated so much short seller risk to begin with is the fact that there was a bankruptcy risk. That risk has been wholly eliminated, though I never saw it. ​  As we find ourselves in a cash flush world where at least 18 Trillion in debt is negative yielding ( . ​  At the same time, the all-star CEO boomer Adam Aron himself grabbed an additional $  M in cash through a direct listing initiated on Monday. I don't know why he couldn't wait until Wednesday to initiate because  . I trust his judgement. Boomers are more experienced and have ~~steady~~ hands. At the same time, Aron beat back the well known short selling smuts known as Apollo Global Management as they attempted to force bankruptcy on AMC. ​  The confluence of these factors (EV, Access to Liquidity, Stellar Executive Team) and the four I outline below, lead me to believe that even Stevie Wonder can see that this stock is obviously worth at least $30/share.   ​ ​    The undisputed market leader in theaters.   ​    1,0004 Theatres worldwide      Many auditoriums at AMC locations, often holding over more than one auditorium, seat over 400 people.          They posted   million in revenues. Auditoriums were rarely at capacity.      8,043 screens/auditoriums.      They will all be packed when opened back up.         Tons of really great movies were held anticipating the end of the lockdown and the re-opening of the movies. Keep this in mind. This is critical to the fundamental analysis and related to the subsequent points.      Margins are  ok  but especially good on the snacks. In the past, consumers have tended to say fuck AMC's margins and bring in their own goodies either because AMC's were ass or because they wanted to save a few dollars. We expect this pattern to slow down substantially because of what they mean for the people.  I recognize that this one is a reach, but it's my opinion not investment advice. ​    The shifting sentiment from "Netflix and Chill" to in-person, shared and enjoyable experience.   ​    I don't like people, but I miss them. Maybe you do too. In a mid-pandemic Gallup Poll, we all know how much those matter,  . If I just put my finger in the air and give 35% of Netflix's market cap to AMC... you see where I'm going with this.   I have seen others say this one as well, but I miss when everyone went to the movies and watch the same thing, on the same screen, at the same time because we can share.    Netflix and the streamers need to watch out because come July, the boomer is coming with that heat. Everyone is anticipating trips to movies. I tried to make the popcorn. I used a half a stick of butter. It's not the same.      Running to 7-Eleven to get Slurpees and Raisinets while Netflix is buffering is super annoying. Last time, my 7-Eleven didn't even have Raisinets. \[Samuel L. Jackson voice\] "Where's my mothafuckin Raisinets Jack?"   As you think through this point, remember the last time you saw Samuel L. Jackson in the theaters. you weren't the only that was scared, so it was entertaining and not stressful.   This point isn't totally out of my ass either. As streaming popularity has grown, so has AMC's  revenues, not including 2020. People watch more movies. ​    Relationship with distributors and studios is still a strong moat.       Everyone here should check out a movie. They don't have the awesome search and browse capabilities afforded by Netflix or the sweeping device compatibility. You can stream from your laptop and connect to your.   ​ ​   Studios have ben delaying their films repeatedly to wait for AMC to open back up. To me, that sounds like immense power and a very strong relationship. I commend the studios for that and I think you have to be a hedge fund jackass not value that moat accordingly. Even Morningstar sees that and they usually don't see shit!   The Netflix app is cool but we can all agree,         ;gt; 80% of the content is ass. Movies are a crap shoot. Shows are a political statement. And there's not enough Chapelle.      What Chapelle represents amongst so many other things is someone who has walked away from the traditional film industry. While I am all for the new person on the block, I feel movies are very hard to make. Sometimes the Netflix ones suck hard. I don't recall too many times when I went to a movie theater and had to leave because the movie sucked that bad. I've been disappointed, underwhelmed, but have never chucked my remote at the screen. I cannot say the same about Netflix. I have seen some terrible shit on Netflix, multiple times. I go there every day still because their app is so good, but Hollywood is still better at making films than Los Gatos or wherever the fuck. \    You can rent some of the movies that would be in theaters now. I'm sure the quality of the acting and dialogue will be superior to the shit we often get on Netflix.      I haven't done it yet, but I promise to do it for the first time tonight as I discovered the   product line in doing some research for this DD. I assure you that the products will be overpriced, and the digital experience will be ass, but they just got $300 M to go figure that shit out.       Boomer CEO: Lower your price point and move your on-prem servers to EC2 instances. You got this! Re-invest hard for a while as you build up the integrations to be a first-class citizen in Roku, etc.   ​   Fresh Squeezed Orange Juice.    In doing more research, I learned that both AMC and AMCX were seeing incredible short interest. Every resource I used reported both higher than they should be, but the inconsistency in the numbers from trusted and premium services has led me to withhold my numbers.  The ranges for AMC were between 24% of total float and 68% of total float. When I tried to calculate myself based on short interest theory and the average volume of the stock as of  a month ago, I landed at 62. Since I am retarded, the answer is probably in the 40-50.   ​  Current short volume:  44,670,000 shares    True Float:   71,000,000 shares  ​  Dollar Volume Sold Short:  $  million   ​ On the last one yes, you read that right. This idiots have sold more short volume in price than the market cap of the stock. How could they do this shit all over again. They don't give a fuck. They think they will get away with it.  ​   Regardless, some idiots sold another 8,000,000 shares short ON FRIDAY. Well, I have 2500 shares across four platforms. I am buying more on Monday, but my buddy had an interesting idea because the stock is so low. Options may actually be an even better play for me because I can buy hundreds of them (thanks to this subreddit). If I exercise as many options as I can hold the stock with diamond hands, it could accelerate the gamma squeeze that will happen if those short selling assholes don't back down.  And we know they won't .   ​ In closing, as with $GME, I have fond memories of my times at AMC as a child and teenager. It was the first place my friend drove me after he got his license.  ​ Also as with $GME, I like the stock.  ​  Positions   ​ shares: 2479, avg cost basis of  ,  I have been building up for a while  ​ options: a lot (strike prices ranging from $  to $9 because these jackasses thought they knew wtf was going on but are out of touch with the commoner. On Monday, I will buy more. 98% of my options are already in cheese. ​ ​ On WeBull, I learned that you can buy stonks starting at 4 AM / 7 AM or something like that so I am moving some money in there. ​  Edit: I will set a limit order of 100 to expire in 90 days, the brokerage cannot sell my shares. If I still don’t want to sell at that price and it gets close, just add another $100. I will never sell, but always have a limit order if these short sellers want to try and screw you out of deep fucking value.    \[\ \] I know Netflix has a Los Angeles office you jackass. A lot of their content still sucks. It's just a fucking fact.
Tough week for the suits
Motivational for  🤲. You are danger ⚡. Stay fking strong and hold  💪 .
The $GME Shanty... link to sound in comments.
My ideal sell 'limits'
We’re Not The Only Ones Pissed at These Crooked Brokers Not Financial Advice
Wednesday Thursday and Friday 1/27-1/29 YOLO
Can we all just admit we are nervous and have no fucking clue what’s about to happen?
I’m 100% confident that had it not been for the buy limits placed last week a short squeeze or at least a gamma squeeze would’ve occurred. However, this blatant market manipulation might keep happening on Monday and we don’t know what effect it will have.  What we do know is that tons of new people have signed up for trading apps and a portion of them will buy   GME  . This means less available shares for the shorters which helps our cause.  I am pretty nervous about how in the dark we are about what the hedge funds have planned. This coming week could either be a huge win, a stalemate, or a letdown.  Regardless though, what’s important is that   WE ARE STANDING UP FOR WHAT WE BELIEVE IN  !!!  Keep holding my fellow warriors, no matter what happens next week!
This is my FU money. I don't care if I lose it all. I am HODLing!
If each of us holds 6 shares that’s all of the stock. I’m doing my part in Canada. I like EB Games
This Is The Way.
Barron’s... Where does your allegiance lie
TL;DR Robinhood bad but DTCC and trade settlement process to blame for the fuckary that took place this week.   Posting this article here as it seems like information worth digesting prior to the Robinhood mass exodus. Not advocating one way or the other, simply interested in the truth. To those of you that actually know... is this true? Article below:  A little-known intermediary in the process of buying and selling equities forced Robinhood and other brokers to restrict trading in several securities on Thursday, including GameStop , AMC Entertainment , BlackBerry , and Nokia . All have been swept up in the WallStreetBets-fueled short-squeeze phenomenon and have seen intense volatility in recent days.  Theories abounded online about Robinhood—a mobile-first, low-cost brokerage founded on the idea of expanding access to trading to more people—being in league with the “men in suits” at hedge funds on the losing side of those trades. Politicians on Twitter from across the political spectrum condemned the broker’s move. But Robinhood’s provided reason that it needed to restrict trading in those stocks until it could increase its collateral with the Depository Trust  ; Clearing Corporation, or DTCC, holds water.  Explaining that requires getting into a bit of market plumbing and elements of the trading process that usually don’t get much attention.  When an investor orders their broker—Robinhood or E Trade, for example—to buy or sell a security, the broker accepts the trade and sends it to an exchange like the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq. The exchange then matches buyers with sellers, and from the investor’s perspective, the transaction is as good as done. But there are still some mechanics that need to be worked out behind the scenes.  Investors may have noticed that the cash proceeds from selling a stock aren’t immediately available to withdraw from their account after a trade is completed—that usually takes a business day or two. Back in the day, that time was spent physically exchanging stock certificates between brokers. Today’s trading volumes make that an impossible task.  Today, after a stock exchange completes a trade, it sends the information to the DTCC, which keeps track of brokers’ books. The DTCC is a clearing house, an important part of the financial system. Clearing houses not only process and complete trades in an efficient manner, they help limit systemic risk. The clearing house promises to make good on all trades that happen regardless of what happens to an individual broker.  The DTCC is responsible for transferring ownership of the stock from the seller’s broker to the buyer’s broker—and vice versa for the cash involved. Rather than doing that after every single one of the trillions of dollars of trades each day, the DTCC waits until it can net several trades into “one position per security, per client, per settlement date,” according to its website. The settlement date is the day when the cash and securities involved in a trade actually change hands.  At the settlement date, which falls two days after the investor places their trade, the seller’s broker must deliver the stock being sold and the buyer’s broker must provide the cash. The DTCC guarantees that the transfer will happen and eliminates the risk of a single broker going under rippling across the market.  In exchange, the DTCC collects a fee per trade and requires some collateral from the brokers to ensure they have the assets to complete the transaction. It’s like putting a refundable deposit on a purchase that reduces the middleman’s risk while the package is in the mail, with full payment due once it arrives. The DTCC’s collateral requirements for brokers are calculated by a much more complex formula, based on the specific shares’ notional value, volatility, and other variables.  For a relatively risk-free transaction—in liquid, less volatile stocks like, say, Apple (AAPL) or Microsoft (MSFT)—that collateral requirement could be around the order of 10% of the transaction value. For a stock like GameStop this week, the DTCC’s formula might spit out a collateral requirement several times higher than that because it takes on greater risk. That’s because the DTCC could be on the hook to deliver an asset that’s worth a materially different amount on the settlement date than the trade date if one of the brokers involved can’t complete the transaction.  When traders are using margin to buy, the broker needs to come up with the cash on its own. And when there’s a large imbalance between a broker’s buy and sell orders for a given security, it doesn’t net out as cleanly at the end of the day, meaning more collateral is required.  All of those factors applied to Robinhood and Gamestop on Thursday. The stock traded in a wide range from $112 to $438 on heavy volume, its users were predominantly placing buy orders for the shares, and many were using margin.  And those are the reasons the DTCC asked brokers for more collateral for each such trade. The clearing house didn’t want to be caught with brokers not having the funds they need to settle. Therefore, Robinhood and others restricted buying on these highflying stocks until it could come up with enough cash to pay collateral. Robinhood allowed users to sell the stocks because the selling broker puts up the shares as collateral, not cash.  Since then, the brokerage has drawn down its credit lines at several banks and brought in $1 billion from existing investors to fund additional collateral requirements. On Friday, Robinhood reopened buying of Gamestop and other recently popular stocks.  The DTCC says it processes trillions of dollars of transactions a day, including equities, bonds, mutual funds, and derivatives. It said that collateral requirements for all of its broker clients were $  billion on Thursday, up from $26 billion the day before.  All credit goes to Nicholas Jasinski with Barron’s  Again, posting here to get the wonderful feedback that is always so quickly given.  Edit 1: here is the   to the article
WARNING: ROBINHOOD IS ABOUT TO GO DOWN UNDER
I've attached a picture of their balance sheet from June 2020           Their total cash is puny, and   most of it is segregated under federal regulations  . The reality of the situation is Robinhood does NOT have the liquidity or capital to support buys any further due to their clearing house being in house and run by baling wire and dreams. Their owners have a vested interest in ensuring they don't make the collateral demanded by the DTC to move the cash required. This is why they keep halting buying, because they simply can't handle further buying power.  There is a significant chance that had they not halted trading on the relevant stocks the day of the fiasco, they would've been   insolvent   by close of trading.   This is why they raised $1 billion as an emergency from investors.      The CEO Vlad literally used the terms "in order to save the firm" on CNBC when describing the actions the company took.      TL;DR: Robinhood CANNOT SUPPORT OUR VOLUME. STOP USING IT. MOVE ON TO OTHER PLATFORMS OR YOU WILL POSSIBLY BE IN A SITUATION WHERE YOUR FUNDS ARE IN LIMBO FOR MONTHS         EDIT: SOME GOOD ALTERNATIVE BROKERS: Fidelity, Etrade, TD Ameritrade
Buying more on Monday (GME, too)
Moved to Webull and I’m loving it already.
Robinhood is the Clearing House
Haven't seen anything on this yet. Robinhood is trying to shift the blame away to the clearing houses and not themselves.  They literally have no money to settle GME shares or anything else lmao. That's why they are restricting all those stocks.  They are the clearing house.          Oh yea, anyone like +5% spreads on their market order?      tl;dr - RH doesn't have enough cash to cover the margin and stock settlement. They literally are drawing on a billion dollars so they don't go insolvent.
Well this is awkward 🤮
[FULL VERSION LINKED IN COMMENTS] Citadel Finds Out What Happened on Friday w/ AUDIO
Hedge fund manager trying to find an out
[GME] Screw Citdadel / RH / hedge funds - "De-Centralized" Brokerage?
Seeing posts about how market is rigged and that Cramer asswipe come out on national TV to discuss how he manipulated the market (and is STILL not in jail) makes me sick.  Is there a "de-centralized" stock brokerage ? De-centralized as in.. the people on the platforms are also the owners (providing the liquidity required by SEC) so that they don't have to kiss rich hedge fund mgr's ass. Is there such?  Should we start one? What would it take one to build out one that's truly unbiased? (or at least more transparent) I'm a data engineer (worked in wall street & silicon valley) and with proper team and community backing, I don't see how this can be that hard (RH did start out with just a few dudes).
My Wild Ass Guess at How GME Plays Out
This isn't financial advise as I am not a financial advisor.  I'm concerned that the strong will that exists may be less strong if there is not immediate gratification for retail shareholders, particularly those who bought in over 90 and who could see big swings before the trip to Valhalla. Just putting a few things out there so all us smooth brains have time to digest the possibilities.     Edit: to be clear. Don’t spend what you can’t afford to lose. I am not saying to to buy options. I’m saying that the lack of this happening this week may cause the price to drop so your smooth brain better be ready for the ride.    TLDR: Best case scenario is retail investors buying far OTM options and letting large whales support the price on the way up. This is unlikely because premiums are jacked to the tits making them too expensive for retail. ITM options that are NOT exercises don't help the cause but new ITM options are too expensive to exercise for you and your wife's boyfriend. Early diamond hands win long term but not before most of your friends turn into paper handed pussi bois.  A trip to Valhalla could actually crash the market to make sure you don't lose your GME tendies on other plays.   I have read a lot of mixed guesses at how this plays out and I want to get a read on what the hive mind thinks.     Infinite Squeeze = Three Concurrent Squeezes    There are three squeezes going on  1. The squeeze from retailer buyers piling into a stock thinking it is a ticket to Valhalla  2. The gamma squeeze from  far OTM options contracts going ITM  3. The actual short squeeze   1 & 2 are happening. 3 is not happening as new shorts have replaced old shorts.   So a thesis need to be made on each individual squeeze and on the macro scenario.    Immediate Term Retail Squeeze    1. Immediate term I don’t see retail stopping. People will inevitably make bad decisions and continue to pile into the stock at almost any price. This has turned into a worldwide phenom so it’s not just US investors. The entire world is getting in on the action.    Gamma Squeeze    2. The most complicated of the bunch. IMO the price rise we have seen is ONLY from #1 & #2 so far and mostly from #2. The question here is WILL IT CONTINUE? …. I’m not sure.  This is the area where the hedge funds have the most knowledge and the most control over pricing. That said, it’s not just the shorts at this point. Multiple hedge funds have jumped in on both sides of the trade. This means it’s billionaire vs billionaire. IMO retail will have NO IMPACT in this area because this is totally dependent on buying OTM options contracts EN MASSE that go ITM causing MM to buy shares to cover.  This ALMOST caused the real squeeze on Thursday before retail buying was cut off. The reason it could have happened last week but not in the future is because the high from the option chain a week ago was 60 & the high from the option chain yesterday was averaging out \~320 (they added new highs everyday last week)  which is why we saw such a battle at the 320 price on Friday close.  For the gamma squeeze to continue the price MUST go up. BIGLY. As far into the extreme OTM options (too highly priced for retail) as possible. IF it happens it could trigger the real squeeze. I think this is the angle long hedge positions are attempting. Buy OTM calls, drive price up on low volume, exercise shares (again, retail can’t do this because 320 \  100 = 32k) and then hold shares for squeeze #3    The Trip to Valhalla    3. It will happen at some point but no one knows when that point will be. It very well could be a year from now or it could be Monday. The longer it goes on the more chance there is for something to happen that would eliminate it from happening.       How Much is Actually Short    The common knowledge says GME is \~130% short sold, but I’m going to consider the hedge funds more sophisticated than that and assume that positions like synthetic longs and other hedges we are not aware of are in play, driving down “real” short to something extreme but not totally unwindable for the shorts if they get lucky.  So, something like this could happen....  Assume a squeeze could be prevented at 20% less short than wherever we are currently. What if GME issues that much in new shares? The get gobbled up by shorts, not eliminating their upcoming ass fucking by delaying it long enough that retail interest fades.   Or… the SEC steps in. The NYSE delists GME for "fraud".  Or some other existential  threat comes into play.  So… the question is… will these squeezes happen.  Best case scenario is that #1 or #2 work and #3 is triggered. This is the “infinite squeeze”.  If that happens many millionaires are minted.   BUT… that seems unlikely meaning what else could happen… what is “likely”?  Here a take… hedge funds attempt #2. It doesn’t work because long options are so expensive, high volatility etc &  GME shorts have enough capital to keep fucking with price action (easier to do with low volume) and retail taps out on buying options because they are expensive.   At the same time, retail continues to pile into shares (options are too expensive). When hedge longs fail the price drops as MM can unwind their extreme positions. Retail shits their pants & sells.   This isn’t out of the question as retail was already a net seller last week  . That's right, there are paper hands among us!  The price goes right back down to 40, anyone who wasn't in at a low cost basis (ie most people) sell shares,  GME shorts profit off hedge positions on the way up & down giving them enough capital to fight another day. GME does a stock issuance, putting more shares into the market. #3 is still on the table but the timeline moves from days to months giving shorts a long runway to unwind and a perfect (highly volatile) environment to play both sides against the middle to be net neutral or within a tolerable margin of loss on their original position.  So we are left with… short term #1 pushes #2 into happening (with assistance of long hedge help) which pushes #3 into happening or … paper hands shake out everyone but the earliest entrants.     WHAT WOULD HELP    Retail buying OTM options helps but it REALLY helps if they can exercise the option. This takes a lot of cash. Most won't be able to.   Good = options moving ITM. Price moving higher. Bad = Highest concentration of options expiring next Friday doesn’t happen retail thinks things are moving too slow & paper hands.   Best thing that could happen is retail continues to buy far OTM options along with long hedge support of price which spikes price soon.        WHAT MIGHT HURT    If the trip to Valhalla actually takes off we may get rich but the big boys are going to be selling off other stocks like crazy. There is a real liquidity issue in the market right now  ( you saw it this week with the brokerage/clearinghouse fuckups) and historically, systemic liquidity issues lock up the market and real crashes happen. So... if #3 happens, pay attention to your other positions and consider hedging your wins! Again, not financial advice.      Thoughts? Let's discuss.  Positions: GME shares.  UVXY   2/5 SPY 370p 2/19
$GME market cap at 1K, 10K, 50K, and 100K
The only tendies I’m eating because I’m holding GME until I die!!!
Posting my gains (and losses) from back in March. Nothing but SPY puts going straight up, then straight down (took some gains at the top). I saw the crash coming but stayed a    too long, and tried to fight the Fed.
Where it all started to where it is today. Position in the second picture
$39K to $500K In One Month - Long GME
$BB Battalion Holding Strong! $GME Brigade to the Moon
Billboard Coming To Tyler, TX Soon
Apes strong
CALLING u/deepfuckingvalue - Did you know that you'd be going head to head with the FINAL BOSS, Ben Bernake, when you opened your position in GME?
In 2014, Chair of the Federal Reserve during the global financial crisis, Ben Bernanke, joined Citadel LLC. as a Senior Advisor.  In 2021, u/deepfuckingvalue and u/Jeffamazon, lead the charge against some of the largest Hedge Funds in the US financial system, including Citadel and Robinhood, trying to infiltrate and destroy the most retarded short position in US finance history.  Did you know, you would be paying back Americans and retards across the world for what happened to them, their families, and their girlfriend’s boyfriends during the 2008 financial crisis.  We can’t thank you enough.  Now some context:  From February 2006 through January 2014, Bernanke was Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, having been appointed to that position by both Presidents Bush and Obama. Before his appointment as chairman, Dr. Bernanke was chairman of the President’s Council of Economic Advisers, from June 2005 to January 2006. He was a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System from 2002 to 2005.  Bernanke then served as chairman of President George W. Bush’s Council of Economic Advisors before President Bush nominated him to succeed Alan Greenspan as chairman of the United States Federal Reserve. His first term began February 1, 2006. Bernanke was confirmed for a second term as chairman on January 28, 2010, after being renominated by President Barack Obama.  Bernanke has been subjected to criticism concerning the 2008 financial crisis. According to The New York Times, Bernanke "has been attacked for failing to foresee the financial crisis, for bailing out Wall Street, and, most recently, for injecting an additional $600 billion into the banking system to give the slow recovery a boost."  Bernanke has also been criticized for his actions in the merging of Merrill Lynch and Bank of America.  In a 2009 letter to Congress, Andrew Cuomo mentioned Bernanke along with former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson in allegations of fraud concerning the acquisition of Merrill Lynch by BoA. The letter alleged that the extent of the losses at Merrill Lynch were not disclosed to Bank of America by Bernanke and Paulson.  When Bank of America CEO Ken Lewis informed Paulson that Bank of America was exiting the merger by invoking the "Materially Adverse Change" (MAC) clause, Paulson immediately called Lewis to a meeting in Washington. At the meeting, which allegedly took place on December 21, 2008, Paulson told Lewis that he and the board would be replaced if they invoked the MAC clause and additionally not to reveal the extent of the losses to shareholders. Paulson stated to Cuomo's office that he was directed by Bernanke to threaten Lewis in this manner.  To wrap everything up, I could write a well thought out conclusion tying Bernanke to fraud and being a co-conspirator in the Robinhood/Citadel liquidity crisis but if you can’t connect the dots fuck you because you should’ve stopped your uncle from reading this to you 15 minutes ago.  Fuck these motherfuckers.     edit: my retarded ass spelled Bernanke wrong.
It ain’t much but it’s honest work.
Fake News - "Robinhood is protected by user agreement"
Just read this news in Reuters that emphasizes that Robinhood is protected from lawsuits by its user agreement.  Link -    FAKE NEWS!  Freedom to Trade, Freedom to Choose Profession and Freedom of Association are protected by First Amendment, Ninth Amendment and the US Bill of Rights and so on.   Hence, although RH might disclaim some liabilities, it cannot disclaim the most basic rights of its customers. As a broker, it is bestowed upon the rights by the state to sincerely HELP its customers buy and sell securities by charging some fees. But it cannot deny them trading securities for some random BS reasons.  PS: I am a retard and don't understand this stuff well. Just posted my thoughts. Some big time law autist may please enlighten us.  PS: $GME to     🌕🌕🌕🌕🌟🌟🌟🌟🌀🌀🌀🌀
Retards listen up, 2021 tax will be a lot for your gains
If you don't decide to open a local business for investing. Open it up ASAP, most places it'll cost $100 for the fees. Why? Because it's exactly what the fuck Melvin and all the other hedge funds have been doing. All the gains you'll have after everything is said and done, put into more stock. If you have no recordable profits, nothing to tax. If you end up needing physical objects, hell, even food you can write off as a business expense. To a certain extent that is, 60-40 is always a safe ratio.  But all this doesn't matter because, WE'RE NOT SELLING!!!!!
Time to get rest guys. We did great job this week. Stay strong and hold  💪
Suporting the case for SLV with a chart, historical data and a retard with Microsoft paint
So I've read quite a few good DD's on silver lately and I've been really into charts today so I decided to see if I could find any sort of patern or anything really. What I found is actually super interesting, to me anyways. But dont forget, past performance does not equal future performance and this is all just speculative, but then again banks and people do have patterns, so if it is as highly manipulated as they say it is, maybe this is something. Anyways heres my retard document I spent far too long on.     So bassically we have a batman pattern in 2008 and were curently on the right ear of a batman patern right now. Whats interesting is the VW infinity squeeze happened in October 08, just to the right of batmans ear. We are currently in the middle of a GME infinity squeeze, and are currently, on batmans right ear. The difference is what side of batman the crashes are, in 2008 the crash is to the right of batman, in 2020 the crash is to the left of batman. So that kills the pattern right? Wrong, in 2008 The fed didnt start the quantiative easing until 3 months after lehman brothers went bankrupt and the worst that could happen, happenned. In 2020 the fed Started QE as soon as possible, thus the reversed sides of batman make complete sense.  With all this said, this could mean that SLV will finish it's batman ear and the gme squeeze will crash SLV and then a recovery to ATH, it could mean that because of the reversed crash patterns SLV will start climbing to ATH without finishing batmans ear, or, the most likely scenario, this means absolutely nothing and I just wasted a couple hours of my weekend.  EDIT: I think I should clear this up, I'm not advocating to dump gme and buy slv. SLV wont start rising to ATH until after the GME infinity squeeze. We need it to happen   Its sad to see wsb die as a comunity
Hedge Funds are losing BILLIONS and we couldn't care less. HOLD!
Just another Texan who likes the stock. GME
"What we do in life, echoes in eternity" - Maximus
Five Trading Apps That Are Not Robinhood
I wrote (5) AMC $  on Monday, thinking I was a Theta Chad. One of you couldn’t afford to execute that 5th call, so I sent most of the difference to St. Judes and will hold the shares until Valhalla or forced liquidation.
Fuck Frosty. Suppressed to half of book value? I'll take more.
YOLO on Friday. Because fuck Wall St. 🖕🖕🖕 GME
Blast from the past! WSB breaks 30k subs in Jan 2016 as world_chaos YOLO's to the front page. Poster claims the sub is ruined. We've come a long way boys!
Holding booisss WE GOING TO FUCKING PULTO IN THIS BITCH BOIS    ALL THE WAY WE ARE HOLDING THE LINE!
The Statue of Financial Liberty
Locked and loaded AMC
If Anyone is Telling you "Ohh GME is a Bubble." Well Just tell them to F ck off and put their money where their mouth is.
Hello, Good Morning and Good Evening Warriors,  Idk if you all have felt the same vibe I have been getting from people, but many people have been saying that this run-up is:  "unsustainable;" "GME is going to Crash Hard;" and   my most favorite "IT'S A FUCKING BUBBLE"    WELL, MY ANSWER TO ALL THE FRINGES OUT THERE IS TO   PUT YOUR MONEY WHERE YOUR MOUTH IS!   Take a look at the option chain I provided below:     As you can see here, the bid-ask spread is trading fairly within a \~$15 range with bids ranging from $191 to $175   on a fucking 2year contract!   I say that is highly significant given the fact that these Financial Institutions were literally betting GME would go to ZERO like yesterday. As you can see by simply looking at the contact pricing, it is trading as if it's here to stay for the foreseeable future.    So, if there is anyone doubting your assumptions and namesake, simply tell them "well there's a shit-ton of money to be made betting against me."    By selling the Calls anywhere from about the 350 strikes to about the 400 strikes, they could collect upwards of $18000 per 1 lot. Anyways, there is serious money to be made. Yet, it would be so satisfying to see the contrarians be left forced to buy shares of a company that believed it had the same worth as the lady who gives blowies behind the Wendy's dumpster.    TL/DR:   GME 2year LEAPs have some sick premium, so tell whoever is gay to go sell Calls and watch them burn.  Positions:  No current open positions in GME,  Have a couple of SLV Bull-call Spreads.  edit: #WEWANTTHESILVER  edit2: Yes I know I'm retarded. Jan 2023 is 2years away not 3year. bate with me, I just learned to count yesterday.
The only way
A Diversified WSB Yolo Portfolio
GME $154 to Infinity
Remember when Goldman Sachs bought metal warehouses & slowed delivery to drive up$
Front page of the FT. Big congrats to u/DeepFuckingValue. I’m really starting to like this stock. The fundamentals look great and I even heard the rocket hasn’t even let our atmosphere.
The supreme leader protects me from myself
GME DD (also AMC): Evidence that the hedges are scared
Through my fancy paid subscription to news articles (WHICH SHOULD BE FREE, or probably are if you dig far enough..), I've found a nicely bundled ledger of articles painting the pain being experienced by bn $ hedge funds:  1:    # Dan Sundheim’s $20 Billion D1 Capital Loses About 20% This Month  January 27, 2021, 7:39 PM EST   2:    # Hedge Funds Slashing Equity Exposure at Fastest Pace Since 2014  January 27, 2021, 11:04 AM EST   3:    # Steve Cohen’s Point72 Loses 10-15% Amid Month’s Hedge Fund Carnage  January 27, 2021, 6:49 PM EST      Feel free to dig in and do some reading,   but TLDR:   GME to the moon
How much you want to bet Melvin took long positions on GME to cover their shorts?
Am I the only one that thinks the Melvin GME takedown conference announcement and cancellation is market manipulation?  Because I was seeing that thinking that there was no way you could make your position look more weak than that.  Unless that's not your actual position anymore.  Stock shorted all to hell, a public who's out to get you and teach you a lesson....   Looks like easy money if you just happened to have slowly and quietly loaded up on shares ahead of time.  Idk maybe I'm just cynical.  Congratulations on the squeeze guys!          I was honestly doubting the shit out of it.     Edit:  Shouldn't have used the word "cover" because now people think I'm talking about hedging.  I meant that I think they may have taken such a large long position, that it's their dominant position on the stock.  They seemed almost eager for a squeeze imo.
Love these billboards and stuff but let's not forget the real prize
The Museum of Science and Industry in Chicago was renamed after Kenneth C. Griffin (  Mr. Citadel) after a record-breaking $125M donation in 2019  .  Seems like the museum is willing to rename based on who the largest donor is, so we we can erase Ken and replace it with GameStop or WallStreetBets or DeepFuckingValue if we pool together an even bigger donation (like $150M).  Ken now loses whatever clout he tried to get from his donation, and now is constantly reminded of how he got beaten by us group of smooth brains.
GME drippp      🍆
A question about reinvesting into $GME
My earlier post was deleted i dont know why mods PLZ dm me to explain why if i did something wrong  First off i have absolutley have no financial experience what so ever, hell i only joined WSB this week and i have already have fallen in love with this community.  So we all know what might happen if the true squeeze occurs and what will happen after it, my question would be: wouldn't it be a smart idea to reinvest some if the gains into GME in the post squeeze super dip that i would imagine is coming?  From what i have learned doing some DD on this subreddit and its this:     Gamestop was doing ok, not great, before covid.    The company got some investment from Ryan Cohen who even was given a board seat as well as 2 friends from Chewy. They plan to move the company away from brick and mortar stores and turn Gamestop into an online store like steam i guess.    There is a new console generation where the supply is so low that PEOPLE ARE FIGHTING OVER PS5s at stores.   All the media attention has brought Gamestop to the forefront of almost everyones mind even those who dont play video games in the US  and has for most part for most people put the company in an extremely positive light as the underdog.  As far as ive heard the rumor is Gamestop had serious issues raising captial due to number of reasons (mostly being over shorted and covid hiting a b&m store i bet) but now due to the short squeeze and it taking over every tv in the world. I wouldnt be surprised if more investors came in to help Gamestop after the dust settles.   My thoughts would be after short squeeze happened those of us who sell $GME it would be a smart move to rebuy $GME and    once again.  Ill say it again i have NO FINANCIAL EXPERIENCE and this is nothing more than an educated guess.  Love to hear the opinions of it who at least have some wrinkles in their smooth brains  TL;DR: Reinvesting into GME after short squeeze maybe a good idea?
This is not the same community it used to be. Don't buy or hold a stock to try prove some social agenda.
The tone and ideals of this community have changed.   This sub has gone from being a place about posting huge gains/losses, discussing ridiculous trades, actually learning market behaviors, and all having fun while doing it to some social justice craze in less than a week. What happened to everyone? Where you so blasted by a broker facing obvious liquidity problems in their clearing house that you suddenly forget the principles of making stupid amounts of money.     (here is how you know it is bad: when the front page of fucking imgur is reposting from WSB talking about how evil the stock market is)    Here is all you are doing by continuing to double down on stuff like this and 'diamond handing'.   You are buying someone else's risk and letting them cash out and go home.   You are being left with the bag, when GME and all the other memes collapse, and will wonder what you did wrong (probably blaming the market). If you want to buy my stock at exuberant prices under the guise of being a social activist, ill gladly offload my risk to you and walk away and I am sure every other bank and hedge fund is gladly doing it to. GME could gap up another thousand and I will still say the people buying are idiots for the same reasons above.     If you are going to trade the memes, don't do it under the pretense of a social agenda. Do it because you are that autist who thinks he can make loads of money quickly, ultimately failing, and collecting your mod-ship like so many before you.     For years I have been on and off with this community as both a fun and interesting place to talk markets. Now this place is a shell of that. Maybe when the dust settles we can go back to being something fun again.
Thursday morning brought out my   , fuck robinhood. Still Holding 50!
I said I would so I did. Long live the reee market I love y'all
The GME Squeeze, Told as a Tollywood Tale
THIS IS A LONG BATTLE BE PREPARED
I don’t want to be the naysayer of bad news but I do not believe that they will cover for weeks. Tuesday may be the day but it’s looking like it won’t be.  They are doing everything they can to slow this process but they also know WE WONT SELL.   They also know that everybody is buying as much as possible, that a lot of us don’t have much more disposable income. This means that every day we hold we have less and less time theoretically until we need our cash back.  They know this and will try to absolutely run us dry until we are forced to sell. These are hedge funds we are talking about they have impoverished others before and they will try to do the same again if it benefits them.  TLDR: Don’t sell but don’t be an idiot and make sure you can eat.   GME 2/26 115c   Note: I am not a financial advisor I simply LIKE THE STOCK.  Edit: IM NOT A WOLF I CARE FOR MY FUCKING FELLOW    Edit 2: no awards buy GME apes
GME devil's advocate
Alright, this is going to be brutal on karma. I'm confident this will get downvoted to hell, but fuck it.  Early GME holders (people who bought <$50 or so), you can keep walking. You're all most likely safe and will profit from your holdings and trades.  People who're buying GME at current levels, maybe I'll be completely wrong and you'll make a million and cash out at the top and lose nothing... or maybe, I'll be right and it will be loss porn galore for days. I'm leaning towards the second.    Here's why,    GME is trading at a ridiculous premium, short squeeze or not, gamma squeeze or not. If you're buying in now, you might see a few days, or even a few weeks worth of green that will be life-changing... but most of you will end up losing to an enemy you don't even think you're playing against. I'll explain this in a bit.  Right now, the general public and especially WSB consensus is that GME is going to keep squeezing because of 100%+ short interest, and that's a fundamentally valid reason, but those who are buying these GME shares, where do you think they're coming from? Here's a hint.  Initially, Melvin and Shitron were the primary shorters. They shorted the stock around $10 or so, thus making their max profit $10/share if GME had gone bankrupt. But as you keep squeezing higher, and even worse, as you keep buying at higher prices... Though Melvin and Shitron would be forced to close positions with hefty losses (I say would because I don't know for a fact that they already have despite what CNBC says), many other hedge funds would've opened new ones. Now, why the fuck would they do that? Simple, you gave them an opportunity to short a stock that was worth $10 a few months back, and is now 30x that... raising potential returns by at least 30x. Of course, the stock doesn't even have to go back to $10, even at $50 or $100 newly opened shorts would see sizable returns, and the only people who get truly hurt will be the ones who longed at these ridiculous levels.  Think about it., who do you think keeps lending out more shares to the retail investor? New hedge funds who previously had no skin in the game, or had a very small position at best!!! You don't think you're playing against them, but you are. The energy and focus seem so concentrated on Melvin and the gang that you don't even realize there are vultures waiting for a complete bloodbath.  Eventually, time will come when profit-seekers (with long positions) will begin entering the market, or when retail investors would've exhausted their capital and the price will come tumbling down faster than gravity taking hold of vulture shit falling from the sky. It will be a matter of a few thousand shares entering and the domino effect will bring it all down in a matter of days, maybe even hours.  The fuck am I trying to say? Well, I'm not advocating for a liquidation here, and neither am I telling you to stop buying. That decision is yours to make with the information you gather. All I'm saying is look around for more enemies as prices keep skyrocketing. You, the retail investor, are walking through the valley of beasts with every intention to make the rich bastards pay, but just know, there are a lot more of them gathering around this battle with each $ GME goes up... and not a single one of them stands agnostic, they've all got a bet open and it's most likely against you at these levels. This is becoming as much an opportunity of a lifetime on the short side, as it was on the long side when the stock was in single digits.  Hope you all have a great weekend and do well in Feb.
We come from dust, and rise through fire, this is the Phoenix.
We love GME, we hold GME, GME is a good stock.   Don't let yourselves be consumed by something so powerful though. As beautiful as the movement is, there is more to the originations of /Wallstreetbets.   Short Stock opportunities are not the focus of market opportunities.  Theta Gang is here, was here, and is here to stay.   Owning 100 Shares in a company is a powerful thing. Understanding when to buy the dip, sell a covered call, and then a cash covered put can be more than useful and valuable to building a GME gains style portfolio over a period of time that is not 1 week.   Autistic, Built prototype airplanes, Run CnC Machines and many other things.   Over this weekend I just want to remind people that if you dig through and respect the culture, you will realize this movement comes from the ability to do things other humans cannot, through losses, gains, tendies, and ramenestan, we come together to understand this market is a place we call home and this forum is the place we speak our truths, post accomplishments, losses, and gains that sent us into another planet. Our IQ may not be triple digit, but our bank accounts will be larger than the stratosphere. There is no hate, but nothing but love. We grew up on the internet, we love the internet.   There is more to life than GME, but it is THE MOST POWERFUL movement that grew a population 3x in a week and changed lives. Love, and prepare to use the morals, and steel nuts developed here to increase your gains for years to come.  We live, We love, And time is more important than a 9 - 5, So make money, enjoy tendies, and see you at the YACHT club bois, they are allowing 14,999 limit sales, 10k was the cap friday, the know its time.
Our king u/DFV getting the recognition he deserves in a Singaporean newspaper
Suck It, Wall Street! -Matt Taibbi
$ GME Sell limit to avoid they can borrow my shares cheap
I've been watching years of salary come and go all   yet i'm still here. I'm writing a part of history, and so can you. TO THE MOON
‘Reddit stock-buying insurgency triggers hedge fund de-grossing’ : but what does that even mean? While we are     hedge funds are dumping solid stocks! Lol
Growing $GME as a business, how can we help?
I'm in $GME gang deep and wonder if we could pitch some business ideas to Gamestop here. Ryan & the board are likely aware of the subreddit, and there's a lot of attention on it, so maybe in addition to highlighting how much WE LIKE THE STOCK we could also cold pitch some growth opportunities.  I really love the new CEO and board changes, as a Gamestop customer in my youth I even applied to it as my second job. I applied as a store manager, without any managing experience, at 16, because I loved games. I filled out the application and stapled a second, lined notebook paper to the application, which was my "why do you want to work here" answer. It was a really long passionate diatribe about my Counterstrike skills developing our clan both during tournaments as well as while we're not gaming by hosting LAN parties and activities. I was serious and was crushed I didn't get a callback. I worked in IS/IT for a few years and moved on. I work in tech now and I have an MBA, and oddly before this week I would never thought to pitch to Gamestop, but I love the idea of pitching Gamestop.  Why? Gamestop was a portal to reach totally random kids who loved everything I did. We used to all harass our parents to take us to two places: local LAN party joints or Gamestop. We didn't have any money, it was essentially a dumping ground for poor kids, but we'd be respectful of both businesses. Yeah you could meet strangers online, but that's weird (or weirder now than it was then) and I am STILL friends with people I met at LAN parties and Gamestop.  There's a lot of potential for physical retail spaces and there's time during Covid19 to transform those before we reopen this bitch with a brand new $20B Gamestop in 2021/2022.  Could we remake LAN parties, arcades, all the grimey old 80's spaces that slowly were demolished through the late 90's? The lifeblood of America? Yes we brought gaming "home," and sold more consumer devices, but we lost the in-person human experience. Can we write Gamestop into Stranger Things and every other TV/movie coming out in the next two years to boost the hype train? Yes.  What if the game/console sales went the Chewy model (with local pickup if shipping to a residence isn't possible) and the new albeit small retail space was used for game, console, but also STEM/educational programming, bring Black Girls Code in and be inclusive, gamers aren't all blond white boys. My nieces and nephews don't want, despite all my efforts, to play just Warhammer 40k as the Trukk Boyz. My favorite niece does and growls "WAAAGHHHHH" but her sister plays Minecraft.  My friends who are parents, even if they were or are gamers and nerds, are confused about what content is safe for their kids these days. When Among Us came out my sister asked if it was safe for kids.. and I didn't know to be honest. We grew up on Gamestop.. why not have it shepherd the next generation of entertainment through diverse programming and informing parents. Subscribe to Gamestop basic for a newsletter about family friendly games and activities you can play with multiple generations, kids and parents, just kids, just parents, etc. Hype games like Jackbox, not just Cyberpunk.  You know what everyone pitches and hates pitching? Social media. Social media got too broad, it needs some structure, can we revisit a cross between GameSpy and ICQ that lets you instantly play games with friends, coworkers, family, your kids.. from anywhere? Maybe its an app, maybe its an API, maybe its tied to a platform like Apple messaging but maybe its a PWA and goes anywhere. You can game, but you can also reflect your life and experiences like Instagram (without the privacy/snooping/hate speech) so people can share and grow. Gamestop would regulate the shit out of content with super supportive moderation and a heavy fucking hand.  Similarly to Gamestop's business partner Microsoft's Xbox, they can help censor and report malicious or offensive content and hate speech in online experiences. That crap has no place. Instead of pitching mountain dew and doritos, jolt cola, top ramen like at LAN parties, sell some nutritious and not too-marked-up food staples because parents will just leave their kids there for a while.  While the parents are there, hook them into gaming with their kids, and being gaming mentors for their kids' friends and other folks. Gaming mentors can be a badge, old nerds love that shit, or offer discounts to game subscriptions and services. Mentor/GM/advise parents for X hours and get game exclusives. Teach them that grandma and grandpa like games, that we can all bond through entertainment.  Gamestop used to be the linchpin, similarly to GameSpy for finding friends playing games, or ICQ being the communicator, whatever. Game studios threw them away, but lost their ability to talk to their customers. Keep Gamestop retail stores as these mini arcades, basically a fun version of the Apple store, where yeah, you can buy a console and Nintendo minifigs or whatever.. but a kid can use their Gamestop save card and tap into their last progress with some puzzle fighter, or tap in to get an exclusive skin for Minecraft by solving some STEM puzzles, whatever. Don't like retail stores? Great! Get rid of them- we're in an age where you can host wide user research panels through Zoom, Teams, whatever.  Game studios and hardware/console makers can tap into their raw customer base here. Transparently advertise paid panel sessions where actual kids who play the game can just call Blizzard a bag of fucking dicks and Blizzard will pay to hear it. Good developers are desperate to hear feedback, good studios will flock to it, and Gamestop employees are brilliant, they can easily crosstrain as user research panelists/experts. Shit, introduce that into the transaction and sell game studios anonymized customer reports. At checkout or if customers ask about products and services, write it into the process of sales advisement (not pushing games though!) on collecting feedback and make SURE the customer understands their feedback to employees will be used to help shape games- but its anonymized, no user data collected.  With all this opportunity also comes trust... put trust #1. Microsoft with Satya was all like "play well with others" and "truuuust bitches." There's been gaps sure, but them and Apple under Cook are trying (and should) lock advertisers out of their ecosystems. Nobody should be reading your kids' gaming or reading habits, but the parents. Fuck Facebook, fuck Robinhood, etc.  Now this is a low effort elevator pitch but if $GME or any of their partners, potential partners, want to make a play, I'll sign up to write a pitch deck, a one pager, whatever. I'm an MBA in tech, former Gamestop customer, raised in computers.. but I'm also not a gamer. I mostly garden and do outdoor shit, but I still love some wholesome entertainment. Seeing AOC stream Among Us on Twitch with fellow congresswomen blew my fucking mind. Let's fucking do this! Sincerely,  diamond hands .  PS.. grow from within, Gamestop employees are, I'm sure, itching to get in on ground floor growth. Having a resource like that to tap for leadership opportunities is huge.  PPS.. Sherrilyn Ifill wrote a fucking beautiful report for Starbucks on how to engage communities after Starbucks shit the bed for the .. fourth time or whatever and fucking arrested their own customers for buying coffee while being Black. You want the literal business plan read " " and also buy her books, and watch every recorded lecture of hers you can find online, then contract her & her network to tailor this FOR GAMESTOP. Gamestop was, and is about community- diverse and inclusive community, and racial equity & inclusion should be #1. Growing up in Chicago dragging the few PC's we had to empty corner offices all over the north and south side to hook up and play Command and Conquer, AOE, whatever, that is some shit for everybody. It is the ultimate free childcare for parents. Your kids will play this for TWENTY FOUR HOURS while eating uncooked ramen and BE HAPPY.    Also if you can't read: WE LOVE THE STOCK
Geniuses of Trading 🍹
I am proud to do my part in paying forward our good fortune with a donation of 6 Nintendo Switches and games to go with them to the Children’s Minnesota Hospital. Cant Stop. Won’t Stop. GameStop. (Still long 50 shares I WILL NOT SELL)
#SilverShortSqueeze is a trap designed to direct eyeballs and capital away from $GME!
Today I've been noticing a lot on Twitter, Stocktwits, and here about SLV and some "silver short-squeeze." Yeah, thats NOT happening. Pipe fken dream that is getting promoted everywhere to divert our attention   AWAY FROM $GME.    I also saw a recent interview by MeetKevin with a finance lizard CEO who basically said investing in GME is akin to throwing money away, and that SILVER is the real place of value. FUCK THAT NOISE. DONT BE FOOLED, GUYS.       DIAMOND.      FKEN      HANDS.      WE SET THE PRICE.    xx 2 Real\_Yukon\_Gold for title.       EDIT  : Here is a quote from the interview with   Peter Schiff  , A CEO AND A   SHILL      "Is there some fraudulent activity going on, where people are misrepresenting what they're doing in chat rooms, they load up on these shares, and they makes some false narratives about getting revenge and buy the stock and never sell..."    NO PETER, WE JUST LIKE THE STONK!!!  "  In the meantime, if the guys that are buying GAMESTOP, if they bought PHYSICAL SILVER INSTEAD, or some SILVER STOCKS... you know..."    🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡    EDIT #2  : A fellow GMEtard notes:  the post that started the silver thing is   loaded with bots  .     Check the profiles of each of the top gilded posters in that comment section. Also the main post. Active account history no older than 3 days. And each came back not to talk about the most popular investing story in recent history, regardless of whether they supported it.  The main post has 200\~ gilds, and has a post history of two, less than one sentence posts from 8 months ago before making the most popular ag post.  One account started posting for the first time in 9 years to promote silver.  Another users first post isn't even to casually comment on the most important investing story in recent history but to make a 12 paragraph argument for silver.    Bullshit  . 🧐👆        EDIT #3: Sort by new in this thread and look at all the bots promoting silver. All recently made accounts making their very first comment. I've marked them as shills.
Message Delivered!
1 week of GME. I went all in on BB a few weeks ago, felt it in my pp that GME was going to moon and then made the switch right before closing 1/22, added some more on along the way.
GME to the moon
Next week is OURS. If I can hold, so can you. Ape strong together 🐵🐵
I'm done with Robinhood what brokerage should I get this weekend that will get me up to buy gme Monday/be a good place for investing going forward?
Sup people. Been watching this stock market moment last few weeks, almost brings me to tears. J remember the 08 crash I was just about graduate highschool, dd eventually lost his job, I was stuck at lue dead end minimum wage job and about to start college knowing it was pointless given the economy was shit and still was shit when I graduate in 2014, was working min age again didn't get a somewhat decent job last year and after layoffs and constant focus on "tighten our belts" aka help company continue increase profits while never givening me a raise even though I work hard and ot. Now I see what's happening with Game and want to buy a share or two and hopefully punish the scum that we're rewards in 2008 for destroying so much, almost 30 and can't afford my own rent, cr insurance, health insurance etc all at once, hence living with family again... :(  Anyway I played with arobinhood around 2017 it was easy, free and company seemed great eventually cashed out breaking even after playing around and not knowing wtf I was doing.  This week tried to log into my account and can't get in. Repeatded support messages sent, they are not sending a sms code to my phone and then they pulled that stock restriction fuck this company. What good brpkreage do you recommend I sign up filr? Was thinking fidelity or vanguard but I don't know shit about fees and if I would make in time by market open. Looking to start buy some safe etfs like vgt, vti etc and get back into buying a couple stocks (I sold my tsla like an idiot) and make some money on the side. No wage growth so I'm shooting myself in the foot just saving in the bank should have just thrown $20000 in spy back in March would have been a smart idea.
I’ve only been in a week gents. Picked up some more shares at market close yesterday. Squeezing those shorts like a size small. $GME till I die
Profits from one week of GME. Still not selling
Besides the Meme Stock discussion, let’s focus a little on BABA as they’re releasing earnings this week
The surprise history has been impressive in Alibaba’s case. The company surpassed estimates in all the trailing four quarters, with an average of     In the to-be-reported quarter, revenues from the cloud segment are expected to have increased from a year ago, backed by growth in the number of paying customers and higher-than-usual spending by them, reflecting increased usage of services.   The company’s Mobile Monthly Active Users improved sequentially in fiscal second-quarter 2021, a trend that most likely continued in the fiscal third quarter. This is because of increased adoption of mobile devices by consumers as the primary method of accessing Alibaba’s platforms.   It has been building the online marketing inventory on both mobile and PC, as well as recording higher monetization rates. These factors are likely to have boosted Alibaba’s profits.
$20k -> $217k in 3 months. Thx to my fellow GME/BB/MARA retards
To Infinity And Beyond!!!!
Apes Unite! I-40E OKC and Tulsa Monday 5pm
Turned my 6k into 13k this month holding GME. On Monday we go to the moon boys  👽
They say we are unsophisticated idiots who don't do research and analysis. So I created a magic eight ball to answer all of your stock questions. This will show them that we care about DD and take it very seriously.
Elder millennial starts vanguard ira at 38, PLTR then GME, all shares, started with 6k
WE... SHALL NOT... SELL!
Buying more Monday! WE'RE STRONGER, TOGETHER!
1M into GME ... she said she’d marry me if it crosses 1K
Can someone explain how the squeeze could work? This sucks
30k to 250k last week,    to 1M this week $GME
Just like last Feb/March: SPY Puts. The longer this short squeeze last, the more these funds are going to liquidate their other positions to cover losses. Thoughts?
Me on my way to meet y'all on the main rocket after buying some $BB and $GME
Last weekend I offered a gift to whomever could most closely guess the GME closing price at market close on Friday 1/29/21. Here are the results.
Stat   Value     Max   $1,  Min   $   Mean   $   Median   $    Standard Deviation   $   Number of guesses containing "69"   8 1/22 Closing Price   $  1/29 Closing Price   $   Winning Guess   $    Now, if I may, there are some lessons to be learned here. Number one is that while this community is generally very optimistic about the meme stock rockets, when the stakes become at all real, so do predictions. This dataset is notably deviant from the degenerate circlejerks you normally come across on WSB. That said... if these numbers can be interpreted as the   real   sentiment of WSB, then we succeeded far beyond our expectations.   Even in the face of the unprecedented market manipulation and downward pressure of the last 2 days, only 8 people out of over 100 actually predicted above the correct price of $325.   The last couple days have been frustrating, but take this as evidence that we are succeeding.  As far as I know the fight's still on. The short's not squeezed and the gains not won.  Obligatory:                       ,  ,  ,      .                ,  ,                                    .            ,            ,                  .
Don't tell me where my money should go
With all the talk about the government and the SEC getting more involved everyday. It's getting more and more frustrating everyday how the same rules are not applied. If I want to get on WSB and discuss creative basket designs it is my right to weave my Mongolian basket however I want. Just because Wal-Mart or Target use a box pattern does not mean that I have to follow that. It's upsetting to me how big government is paid by Big Basket Companies and are now looking into the top Mongolian Basket Weaving forums just because people are able to afford cheaper Reed and Cane and making their own. Let your representatives know you are not happy with this.   Hold all your GME in your homemade baskets.
$gme Price Target
Way too many times I see a price target of 1k per share, come on guys. We need to get a grip.   I’m talking 5 figures baby. Potentially 6 if they keep shorting it like retards.   We are holding the most shorted stock of all time. There will only be one $gme. After this is over and the stock has been squeezeth no hedgefund in their right mind will short a stock anywhere near that even without regulations coming in. The great VK squeeze went from $200 to $1000 on 12% short interest. I understand there cannot be a direct correlation and there’s different variables and players but whenever you look at $gme which is currently $312 per share with 120% reported interest still, the sky is limitless.    For the smoothbrains who can’t read:    =$gme ➡️🌕  For Melvin capital:  My offer for my 62 shares is 20k per share and some GameStop merch. Every day you delay the price increases by 1k.   Disclaimer: this is not financial advice I wear a helmet and not just on my bike
Holding forever!
A VERY ACCURATE retelling of the past couple of days.
THE MOON IS ON OUR SHOULDERS
u/deepfuckingvalue hitting front pages out here in Canada
Hedge fund billionaire Steve Cohen leaves Twitter after family receives threats amid GameStop backlash
Helping to build a St. Jude’s on the moon
RobinHood NYC and its CEO have been a casualty in this mess. It would be nice for if they were added to y'alls donation list
GME - I LIKE THE STOCK.     .. imagine the rocket once people are allowed to buy it again!!!
CNBC has not redacted the false and misleading information they put out on Melvin capital closing their short position.
You turds on CNBC that are reading this, do you not have a shred of fucking integrity? We can clearly see the short interest on GME. Yet you publish articles about Melvin closing their position? Are you fucking kidding me? You may not have been the ones to lie about it, but you sure as shit need to acknowledge the fact that they lied about it and you passed that information on to the public. How the fuck the SEC isn't up your ass at the moment for publishing the literal definition of market manipulation is beyond me.
Is it possible that Hedge Funds were covering their shorts & rebuying them on the way up, and that the time-pressure for them to get out of their short position isn't as dire as we think?
Not trying to be a negative nancy here, I'm genuinely curious.  In thinking about the ways that GME may or may not play out next week, a thought struck me and I'd like some input that may dictate how long I (and maybe others, if other people have purchased this stock...) should hold for.  Say they started covering their $15 shorts at $100, then re-bought shorts at $150, then $200, etc, then covered their $150 shorts and re-bought shorts at $300.  It could still very-well be a 126% short interest, just that the shorts are now at $300.  This would probably mean that they would have a lot less interest to pay to hold the shorts, and may have a longer lifeline than any single investor who likes $GME would want to hold on to their shares for.  Can you offer any insight?
Not DFV but it’s honest work. From $9k to $  - trades in previous posts
BB lift off next week. The best fundamental meme stock we have. Exactly why it was    raided so hard this past week end. Shorts went through the roof Thursday.  👏 my fellow tards
How the financial press is misrepresenting $GME, getting basic facts comically wrong, and generally trying to spin this in Wall Street's favor
Greetings from your friendly hedge fund industry insider. (See  .  I want to check in because I’ve been getting confirmation privately that the hedge funds are hurting while publicly the news articles are saying they’re doing fine--my confidence in WSB’s power to upend the market with its collective power has gotten stronger.  That’s not why I’m writing now, though. I want to show you how the misinformation train keeps coming. Don’t get on.  First, here’s the funniest example of the media getting shit wrong I’ve seen in a while: on the  .  That’s not the worst part. The worst part is Burton repeatedly calls GME “Gameshop” (I’m not kidding, go to 26:40 in the podcast). If you’re going to report on a company, maybe get the company name right, k Kathy?  Now look at this post:   It’s fucking horseshit.  First, BlackRock and JPMorgan dismiss the trend as something that will come and go (they wish) and they blame the Federal Reserve (“It is not surprising when you think about how much liquidity is in the system, how much policy has fueled asset prices in recent weeks and months” is what Hildebrand, Vice Chairman of Blackrock said).  Now, Blackrock is a former client of mine, and I can say this because they’re no longer a client and I haven’t worked with them for years.   One of the worst stock picks and theses behind that stock pick I ever saw was from a portfolio manager at Blackrock who managed many billions of dollars  . Not everyone at Blackrock is bad (I’ve met some very smart people there), but not everyone is good. So even if someone at Blackrock dismisses GME in good faith, it doesn’t mean shit. But Hildebrand is talking in bad faith, clearly, because she wants higher interest rates so financial firms can lend money at higher rates. It’s very likely self-serving dishonesty.  Then there’s the fact that what he said isn’t even true. Money velocity remains at record low levels, indicating liquidity IN THE REAL ECONOMY is not high (unsurprising since QE is a very ineffective means of getting money into the hands of ordinary people--which is not the Fed’s fault, as that’s not really their job).  Plus, asset prices aren’t showing a bubbly tendency at all. Note how Hildebrand doesn’t address the fact that the Nasdaq 100 went down over 4% last week--hardly the sign of a stock market bubble. He’s full of shit.  That isn’t the worst part of this story.  Perhaps the most egregious example of how Wall Street is trying to spin this in their favor is Anne Richards, Fidelity International CEO, who said in an interview that the GME situation shows why there should be LESS transparency for shorting stocks. I’m quoting Bloomberg:  >“The thing that they could do very very quickly is remove the transparency on where the big shorts are, because that seems to be the trigger,” Richards said. “But then of course that takes away from that market transparency which everybody wanted to put in place after the financial crisis.”  She does NOT suggest that there should be MORE market transparency so that investors know how much a hedge fund shorts a stock and when it shorts, so that big shorts can’t accumulate and trigger an event like $GME mooning--no, the market needs LESS transparency, she says, so that retail investors can’t squeeze hedge funds.  This is obvious bullshit, and the fact that it went unchallenged on Bloomberg is a testament to how shoddy their journalism really is. Bloomberg has been the place that gave massive platforms to hucksters like Dennis Gartman, a newsletter writer who was a punchline on Wall Street--we would always say he’s the best contrarian indicator on the market, just do the opposite of what he does. Gartmen quit his newsletter in 2019, which cost thousands of dollars to subscribe to annually, after getting regular interviews on Bloomberg where he was treated as an expert for the unknowing public despite his appalling track record and constant failures.  Now Bloomberg is giving a platform to WS players who are trying to spin the story to deregulate the industry. Absolutely fucking unreal.  Or, well, it isn’t, really. I have seen this happen in my decade in the industry. I have seen mainstream news articles on reports I’ve written that get those reports exactly wrong. I remember one report in particular where the headline was ambiguous, but the report was very clearly positive on the stock for reason X. The news report from one outlet (possibly Bloomberg) said something like “Analyst bearish on stock for reason Opposite-of-X”. It was really funny, and since correcting the record wasn’t good for my employer’s business, we didn’t bother to. That’s just one of many examples of fuckery I have from the financial press, so this misinformation garbage does not surprise me one bit.  Tldr; read the whole post you lazy fuck. But if you can’t read, here’s the deal: the financial press’s activist misinformation   is getting more and more transparent.
Wealthsimple is the GOAT, didn't block $GME or $AMC, WSB got my full support from Canada
Tracked donations from the past 2 weeks - thank you heroes!
Despite all the news about this subreddit and some negative connotations, I would like to shine some light on users that have donated some of their earnings to charity:   \# Date User Amount (USD) Charity Org Proof   :- :- :- :- :- :-   1 2021-01-13 u/rewq2000 $1,  Hope Food Pantry Austin a program of CGCD     2 2021-01-13 u/lehighwiz $  Texas Humane Heroes     3 2021-01-13 u/double_a_mtl $  Autism Canada     4 2021-01-13 u/publiccerts $  Autism Society of America     5 2021-01-13 u/Khirlan $  Montgomery County Humane Society     6 2021-01-13 u/publiccerts $  Against Malaria Foundation     7 2021-01-13 u/yospoe $  ASPCA     8 2021-01-13 u/yesnomaybenowell $  The Against Malaria Foundation US     9 2021-01-14 u/gonna_live_on_Mars $  Food Bank of Delaware     10 2021-01-14 u/kirinboi $  Bethesda Care Services     11 2021-01-14 u/publiccerts $  Bethesda Care Services     12 2021-01-14 u/MainlineX $  Mid-South Food Bank     13 2021-01-15 u/BatOuttaHell1 $1,  Cancer Kiss My Cooley     14 2021-01-22 u/yolo_howla $  St. Jude's Children Research Hospital     15 2021-01-26 u/yolo_howla $  St. Jude's Children Research Hospital     16 2021-01-27 u/sillyhands1 $  Embrella     17 2021-01-27 u/wcamerons $  Your Choices Randolph     18 2021-01-30 u/yolo_howla $3,  St. Jude's Children Research Hospital     19 2021-01-30 u/dayk995 $  St. Jude's Children Research Hospital     20 2021-01-30 u/grimli333 $  St. Jude's Children Research Hospital     21 2021-01-30 u/park9720 $1,  Children's Health Foundation     22 2021-01-30 u/psytokine_storm $5,  Sick Kids (Toronto)         Total:     $17,      17 distinct charities      Thank you autists!      on $CHARITY.
Sold all my Tesla, for GME near high on Wednesday. I'll lose it all before I sell. F ck paying debt, mortagages, and bills, I'm all in!
Retards buy more Monday. This one is.
WE LIKE THE STOCK
Buying more Monday for the retarded army
Fidelity users, beware!
You have decided to say FU to your shady broker that you no longer trust or maybe you are new to the finance world.  You chose Fidelity. Great choice.     What you need to know is that Fidelity by default shows charts that are delayed 15 min.  In order to fix this and have real time data, visit:        Many people do not know that so I encourage you to spread the word!     Edit: Since many of you are asking for chart looking alternative, for the most basic stuff   is a great tool.  Edit2:  Android app guide (thank you u/chronovisor84):  >Press menu on bottom right, then press the ⚙️ in the upper right, then enable streaming and after hours.  IOS guide (thank you u/SumoTortoise):  >More>Settings & Profile>Quick View>Watchlists & Real-Time Quotes  Edit3: (thank you u/x32321)  Another way is to have real time data is to use free desktop version of Fidelity's platform:
🤲  all my 🍗🍗
IN-DEPTH NIO DD - WHY NIO IS GOING TO THE MOON
LISTEN UP MY BROTHERS   GATHER AROUND, I ASKED IN THE   IF ANYONE WANTED AN IN DEPTH NIO DD AND I GOT A SUPER POSITIVE RESPONSE SO HERE IT IS BOYS.  &nbsp;    DISCLAIMER:   THIS IS NOT TO TAKE AWAY FROM GME   I AM IN GME   AND I HAVE   NO   REASON TO DIVERT AWAY FROM IT. THE PURPOSE OF THIS POST IS TO GIVE SOME INSIGHT AND POINT OUT A STOCK THAT IS READY TO BLOW.  IF TOO MUCH WORDS IS   NOT   YOUR STYLE AND LITTLE WORD DO TRICK   TLDR IS BELOW   👇🏼   &nbsp;  # NIO  ###### Why NIO?:  - NIO had an   astronomically good   2020 and really solidified themselves as a legitimate EV company in a fast growing sector. EVs are the literal future but NIO isn't just EVs 😉 More on that later. But for now, EVs are the MOST popular stocks to buy and hold and this will provide a   TON   of stability for NIO and make it a definite high growth stock.   THIS IS LIKE IF YOU COULD BUY TESLA FOR 60 DOLLARS!!!   Don't miss out, this stock has about the distance between the earth and fucking   MARS   left in terms of growth. But you must be asking, why?  - Why: NIO is entering the EV space in China   AND   Europe, in fact it will be the leading EV company in China, and this is huge for a multitude of reasons.    - China is the biggest vehicle market in the world right now.  &nbsp;  - It will be a big player in China's pivot into lowering emissions and focus on going green. &nbsp;  - China loves Luxury vehicles and NIO vehicles are the _definition_ of   when it comes to EV's right now especially their new vehicle unveiled during NIO day earlier this January the ET7. &nbsp;  -   NIO IS NOT TRYING TO REPLACE TESLA, NIO IS ESTABLISHING ITSELF AS IT'S OWN BRAND   and I will go more indepth into why NIO is developing itself into MORE than just an EV company later.  &nbsp;  ###### Who Matters:  - NIO's CEO   WILLIAM LI   is a literal genius. Dubbed the Elon fucking Musk of China. He has the drive and the motivation to launch this company to the fucking MOON   .  - NIO's Head of AI   Dr. Ren Shaoqing  . This guy is also quite literally a genius. He is the top researcher for NIO's autonomous driving software and this is great news for NIO's SaaS (Software as a Service) and will generate NIO a  TON  of revenue.  As far as background on the company these guys give the company an insanely bullish outlook but that's just the beginning.   &nbsp;  ###### Why Now?:  - The closest upcoming catalysts for NIO are   January Deliveries  . (Will be announced sometime during the first week of February) and earnings   March 9th  . These dates are super important and will be   crucial   in NIO's upcoming breakout so keep these in mind!    - Deliveries and Earnings are so   crucial   because NIO has consistently been on the uptrend and consistently smashing every projection. NIO will _absolutely_ beat expectations as usual and   LI BIN   will not let you down.  -   THESE EVENTS ALONE COULD TRIGGER THE NEXT BULL RUN FOR NIO TO MARS     . The company is super underrated right now and getting in before the explosion that these catalysts could cause could be one of the most solid plays you ever make. BUT WAIT THERE'S MORE      - NIO's Price Target has been consistently raised over the past few weeks of NIO consolidating.  - NIO had an   extremely   successful NIO day unveiling their plans for advancing NIO into the future and revealing their new  , and their battery swap stations that are quick and easy to use and are located all over China.  - There was so much hype over the ET7 in china that the NIO app   CRASHED   from getting too many preorders.    -   NEW     expansion is right around the corner.  - NIO is not in the spotlight and is in what some would call the    GOLDEN DIP   . NIO is dipped off of lack of news and hype in other stocks making it the absolute  PRIME  to buy calls on sale and   HOLD   until we land on   MARS   making this the perfect buying opportunity.  &nbsp;  ###### What makes NIO not  just  an EV company?:  - NIO is differentiating itself from other EV companies by introducing   NIO Life   into NIO's growth as not only an EV company but a   BRAND  .  - NIO in China has a near cult-like following where customers can indulge themselves in the NIO culture. They can earn points by driving their NIO vehicle and contributing to the green movement then use those earned points to buy NIO brand products. You can read more about it  . It is really interesting and if it seems corny to you, well it is! But the truth is the typical person loves this kind of brand building and it   really works  .  - To build on this NIO has   NIO Houses   which are recreational buildings in public for NIO users to interact with each other, read, study, host speeches, look at new car models, play music, a kids room and most importantly a   NIO Cafe  . You can read more about it  .  - NIO offers special services to it's customers that I will briefly cover such as their special Power Home at home charging stations, Power map locating nearest battery swap/charging stations for you, quick battery swap stations, and  .     ALL OF THESE THINGS TOGETHER MAKE NIO AN INSANELY FUCKING SOLID COMPANY AND AS CORNY AS SOME OF THE THINGS MAY SEEM THIS IS HOW THEY ARE BUILDING A STRONG AND LOYAL CUSTOMER BASE  . People are already falling in love with NIO in China and there is somewhat of a small cult-like following building itself around NIO.   &nbsp;  ###### Why NIO will be very profitable very fast:  - NIO is building a strong customer base due to reasons mentioned above and most of all they are offering their BaaS, SaaS, and   to their customers now as well as the release of their new EV Luxury Sedan which will cause a   huge   boost in sales.  - NIO's  .   - NIO's expansion into the green space in Europe will be another profitable revenue stream for NIO and further its brand and recognition in the EV space.  &nbsp;  # Closing thoughts and Addressing possible concerns:  - I want to close this out by saying I am in no way a china shill I just see a value play and am here to share my DD with the rest of you.  - I urge you all to do your own DD and find reasons for yourself on why to invest in NIO and why it is a strong play this year. My DD is simply my opinion that I believe in.  - My price target for NIO EOY is  minimum  200+, I am very bullish on NIO and I feel the upcoming catalysts will be what launches NIO into the stratosphere  🌌.  - For those that are curious why NIO is trading flat and didn't read too much above it's because NIO has had no  recent  news and is in what I consider to be the  golden dip . The significant news is coming up soon and it's better to buy   before   the launch while it is in its current consolidation state.   - Shorter term PT is   at least   80 by mid March.  &nbsp;  # TLDR;  NIO is a strong upcoming EV company with a variety of unique ideas that differentiate it from the typical EV company. NIO's BaaS, SaaS, Battery Swap Stations, NIO Life, NIO House, and it's sleek looking new   the   ET7   along with upcoming deliveries announcement the first week February and earnings this March are just enough reasons to   NIO ➡ THE  .  &nbsp;   Positions: Been in NIO since $9 with my original 1/15/21 20c took profit and reinvested into my new positions: 1/21/22 80c  &nbsp;  See you in space WSB, 👨🏼‍  Much love.
How GME and Citadel could be the catalyst for the next major correction. Warning, bear hopium is strong in this one.
Pretty sure everyone and their mom at this point know about the whole GME short squeeze and how Citadel is getting rekt. Media and the Reddit hivemind created this whole narrative that Reddit is responsible for squeezing Citadel and co when in reality WSB is just a pawn for the other hedge funds to kill Citadel. Everyone is out here playing 4D chess, look how much profit some of these hedge funds made going long on Gamestop while killing their rival, Citadel.     There are  3 outcomes from this mess:  1. Citadel and co gets a slap on the wrist and nothing happens. (highly doubt this will happen due to the major media coverage on this and the whole narrative on how this is a "david vs goliath story") 2. Citadel and co goes bankrupt and fucked in the ass by SEC. If and when Citadel goes bankrupt, all the brokers are now liable to pay the winners, then the banks are liable, and so on... This will have a domino effect on the broader market, considering Citadel is quite big. This is literally a ticking time bomb waiting to explode, just look at the current VIX. (probably might happen if no one bails them out) 3. The rival hedge funds that are long on Gamestop takes profit and flash crash GME so that Citadel can get out of their short while everyone wearing a suit and tie makes profit off this. (highly doubt this will happen, this would actually the biggest 5D chess move)     VIX also popped up on Wednesday in response to the whole Gamestop thing. This could very well be the catalyst that kills the bubble when this is all over.  Currently long UVXY and holding QQQ puts. This allows you to profit off of Citadel's collapse while not being at risk to GME.     Edit: so many normies... Give me my old wsb back where there are actually real smart people pretending to be retards giving some valuable inputs.
Was going to use the easiest week ever for FDs to buy more GME.... 🖕🖕🖕 Robinhood!
have pulled the plug on AMC and GME
Fellow Retard from Canada 🇨🇦 and I can’t figure out how to properly do a post. All I know is I support this cause, heavily.   our CND to US exchange is SHIT or I would have bought MORE!!!! #IMNOTFKNSELLING
Stop Overlooking Kodak
Listen up retards, I know you have a short attention span so I’ll make this quick:    Kodak originally skyrocketed when news of a government $765m loan was announced to kick start them into becoming a pharmaceutical company during the midst of the pandemic. Yes, yes, I know.. Kodak seems like the company trying to jump on the bandwagon.. a cryptocurrency in 2017, and now pharma in 2020? Anyway, it retraced most of its gains when the SEC opened up an investigation on wrongdoing related to expected insider trading.     \-About a month and a half ago, the conclusion was made that there was no wrongdoing related to insider trading, the loan, etc. Now, that doesn’t mean it will still go through, but it certainly doesn’t mean it won’t. Kodak has made several announcements they will be getting into Pharma whether or not the loan goes through. With covid still looming, I don’t see what would have changed regarding the loan and with the original announcement being mid last year, an update MUST be coming regarding Kodak & pharma.    \-The market cap is only 700 million dollars. (Micro cap) This is minuscule, it’s less than the amount of money the government was going to give them, and is why Kodak went up so much when it was announced -Its literally more than the company was even worth! Market cap is important because it means Kodak has the potential to increase heavily over its current share price of \~$  The higher the market cap, the more money required for a stock price to increase. For example, People are buying Nokia which already has a 30 billion market cap- that’s not going anywhere significant with nothing significant happening presently.    \-Relatively high short interest of   as of last week. This could spark a huge run. If price gets out of control, it would force shorts to cover. It’s obviously not one of the very top shorted companies, but it’s up there and with explosive price action Kodak is known to have, shorts seem to probably expect this by now. Once it breaks the current resistance it may fly catching the shorts off guard.    \-Huge bullish flag/pennant technical setup is primed to breakout. Check the longer term chart.                  My positions (not huge):     500 shares   15 2/5 calls   15 2/19 calls   Buying more long dated calls Monday.        Also buying more GME                Notice: DO NOT SELL YOUR GME FOR THIS
YOU NEVER SEE THEM IN THE SAME ROOM
HEEYYY YOOOUUUU GUUUYYYSSSS!!!! IT'S OUR TIME NOW    ️ ️
I want to buy GME in Australia please help me join the fight with   ️
As the title says. I want to do my part and stick it to the billionaire HFs who have fucked over the people for so long.  I want to buy GME stock but don't know where to go in Australia to get it as I'm fairly new to all this. I've learned a lot from here and if anything,the gamble is no longer an issue as this is about something so much more.  Can someone please help guide me to the right broker to buy GME stock.   Any help would be appreciated.  Please post this mods. Thank you.  Edit: I've just signed up for CommBank as it seemed the safest bet with a CDIA account. Fees weren't too bad. Hopefully the process to trade international doesn't take too long. All the best to you all and keep those   ️ strong.
People all over the galaxy are rising up
Who's with me, we got some fucking drinking to do tonight boy!!!
What a week, first and foremost I have to thank the regular retards that creep this sub every day without fail, you get a beer!  To every one of us that laid in bed sweating it out tossing and turning, wondering if this is too good to be true, will my diamond hands turn to paper? You get a beer!  To every one of us that went to work every fucking day and snuck around the corner or   out in the shitter to watch the numbers go up and down on our phones, moving from pure euphoria to devastating doubt. You get a beer!  To every one of us that ate shit in the lunch room day after day listening to co-workers rag us endlessly because you dared to bring up stocks instead of the latest episode of the garbage on   Having to hear "you making any money" every fucking day to silently knowing I'm up 50 grand in my trading account this week asshole, and you got squat. You get a beer!  But tonight, tonight is different. Tonight your wife's boyfriend watches from the closet instead of you, tonight you clean off your greasy shaft and and toss your sock in his face!  So raise a glass with me boys and let's have a drink because this is just fucking getting started!
I love this community and the knowledge it’s provided me over the past year and ALMOST getting me to my goal of buying my first home. ALL of that was crushed by the BS with Robinhood and these hedge funds.
Am I doing this right?
IF I CAN HOLD YOU CAN HOLD
Any thoughts on what next after we hit the big one next week?    ...  only
I know I have had some. First, I want to thank DFV u/deepfuckingvalue for showing me the way and leading us to the next galaxy!       ...  only     My main thought is this, don't become like the billionaires and multimillionaires of this country and be passive in the community and hoard our money like we're some kinda greedy dragons.  I grew up poor, very poor. So poor that when I was a kid my mom cleaned hotels and got to stay in one because we were homeless when I was 4. I had to survive eating butter, straight butter, for a week, when we ran out of food when I was 13. I've had fears of becoming homeless since then.  One day I was hit head on by a semi truck. I died for a few minutes on the operating table. I got a settlement, started to invest, and made it to $700K in 1 year with a $100K nut. I know, that's nothing like DFV, and I'm nothing compared to him. Because I lost it all.  I was almost a millionaire at 24, but I lost it all by buying down and panic selling later. Remember this next week, Don't Panic. Stay calm. Enjoy the ride. We will see a huge dip come Monday. That's when we ride! Buy the dip, and HOLD!  So back to my main point. Doing kind things to random people who are strangers and friends. That's my goal, besides strong personal financial security. But I don't need to make more than $100K a year to live a great life. I don't. But that doesn't mean I don't want to make millions. Mainly, I would love to make millions like DFV so I could do random acts of kindness and be active about it. Not leave it up to some bullshit charity. I don't know about you guys, but regardless of how big you make it, I hope you consider not become like these selfish billionaires who are hoarding money like it will buy them a golden ticket into heaven.  Unless... That's how it works and nobody has told us?        ...  only
Poor shorties shitting their pants thought they could scare us. Fuck em. We holding STRONG
WallStreetBets Redditors buy billboard on Times Square, say they won't sell - YES, WE WON’T SELL
TD - "Call our human brokers" (WTF)
is forcing you to  CALL their human brokers to route option orders:    (Copying / pasting this in case they change their text and screenshot -    \            --  ## Securities with trading restrictions  We have placed some restrictions on the following securities. These restrictions will not prevent clients from making basic buy and sell transactions.   This list is as of January 29, 2021, 4:30PM ET.        AMC, CVM, EXPR, FOSL, GME, NOK, BB, BBBY, FIZZ, GSX, IRBT, NCMI, TR, UONE, VIR, NAK, NAKD, DDS, KOSS    The following restrictions are in place:    Stocks - 100% holding requirement (not marginable)   Long calls and puts are allowed   Covered call and short put orders may only be placed with a broker. Please be aware that wait times to speak with a broker may be longer than normal due to current market conditions.      Covered calls only allowed if your account currently has the shares      Short puts only if you have the maintenance/cash to cover the entire exercise amount of the short puts   All other complex options orders will not be accepted  Please keep in mind that this list is not inclusive of every security restriction and may change at any time.
Welcome to the future
Sold my free RH GME back in March. True wrinkle brain
AMC 467 @   NEVER SELLING 🤲
I gave Gamestop employees a Valentine's Day card as a token of my gratitude
AMC MONDAY LFG
SILVER SURFERS 🏄‍♂️ RISE UP
$50 billion in losses to hedge funds since January 2021 💥💥💥
Coming soon to I-95 around Baltimore,MD
Our weaponized autism is turning Wall Street upside down 👑. Expect our discussions to be very closely monitored.
College fund go brrrr
POWER TO THE PEOPLE
Questions rewarding the structure of the market!!!
I’m a complete retard so I need someone to explain couple of things for me (us)!!!  So Robinhood stop trading on meme stocks because they “did not have enough liquidity”, what does that mean? are they acting like MM’s and they need the capital to be able to buy and sell?   I been reading about clearing houses, they promise to buy and sell stocks but where do they fit exactly in the market? how do they different from MMs?   If you could explain how the things work behind the scenes I (we) would greatly appreciated!!!  Edit: I hold 1 stock of GME
Robinhood front runs your trades to the HTFs. Who sued when that info was released
DFV this weekend after everyone leaves his house party
POV: WSB Counter-Terror Unit
IGNORE the DISTRACTIONS ! REMEMBER the MECHANICS !
I don't know shit and I'm not a learned Chartered Financial Analyst ( .  As we reach 7m+ Degenerates, there are more and more fud and "the next whatever" being touted around to DISTRACT us. There are more and more newly-minted-market-gurus-millionaires telling us Melvin's short position is going to squeeze on Monday Tuesday Thursday. Blah fucking blah.  There's CNBC, Bloomberg, Reuters, and other tute-owned or influenced mouthpieces dedicating entire front pages and taking out paid ads telling us boohoo, they fucking lost, we fucking won already, Melvin closed out, millenial-zoomers are fucking up your longs and the sky is falling. I hate the term "fake news" because how often it is wrongly used by the ignorant and because I fucking love the Associated Press, but this is fucking paid-for fake news.  IGNORE ALL THAT NOISE. REMEMBER the MARKET MECHANICS    WE    ~~are EXPLOITING~~   LIKE THE STOCK  :  1. Hedgies borrowed SHARES of the stock and must return SHARES of the stock 2. The SHARES of the stock is LIMITED and they must BUY IT BACK on the open market when called by the lender 3. We are BUYING and fucking    HOLDING all those SHARES.   PRICE GOES HIGH since ALL YOUR SHARES ARE BELONG TO US. 4. We will DETERMINE the PRICE when THE SHORT SQUEEZE actually happens, the higher we can HOLD THE LAUNCHPAD FLOOR until then, the HIGHER the SQUEEZE. This is a WAR OF ATTRITION. This is a GAME OF CHICKEN except we don't pay interest (don't buy on margin you retards, RobinHood can change their margin requirements at ANY time and force you to help the hedgies) 5. There IS NO TIME FRAME on WHEN THE SHORT SQUEEZE is going to happen. The lender has discretion on WHEN to call the loans and discretion to MODIFY or even FORGIVE the interest, but they NEED to call it EVENTUALLY. HOWEVER, we can see the trend of credible short data from  , Ortex is affordable and has a free trial, S3's BlackApp less so, the data shows that short % of float is still HIGH for several names in play. This is not to say that the data is infallible or cannot be manipulated, but they provide a better metric than CNBC saying so-and-so closed all their positions and go home. 6. WHEN it happens, THE SHORT SQUEEZE will most likely look like a >  20"\  VERTICALLY ERECT GREEN PENIS   on your DAILY CHART (\ size variance based on the size of your screen) . 7. We are NOT the ones roiling the market-at-large. Our PLAYS are limited to a few TINY-ass names, the ENTIRETY (tens of billions?) of which being only a SMALL FRACTION of one single major SP500 company's market cap (1-2 trillion+).  REMEMBER, THEY EXECUTED a RISKY-AS-FUCK bet with theoretically   INFINITE    ♾️ downside (only theoretically if we bought all the shares and set our prices at infinity,   never sell). This puts your weekly FDs of OTM calls to SHAME!!! You can't lose more than the cash you put in, but they can lose their EVERYTHING and then some, and they KNOWINGLY went into this. This is NOT our fault, we are NOT doing anything wrong. Our plays are PROVIDING A CHECK AND BALANCE to UNCHECKED hedgefund fuckers that have been fucking us and the companies we love up the ass for DECADES, often ILLEGALLY -- NAKED SHORTS OVER 140% FLOAT (~~short selling with IMAGINARY shares~~ borrowing a share to sell from lender, selling your borrowed share back to lender then borrowing it again--borrow 2x) -- What in the literal fuck?.   Translation:   hedgie borrow 1  to short, hedgie sells borrowed   back to the broker only to borrow it again. Now hedgie got 2 big fucking   s to short. But ape 🦧🦧🦧strong together and eat both   s yum yum and hedgie is double fucked.  As for various market selloffs last week, they could be folks taking profits after a record year, they could be scared folks who don't understand the situation, they could have just wanted another box of fleshlights, and/or they could also be the hedgies dumping and leveraging their longs to double down, triple down, quadruple down, because they think they can, or they have no choice, but to TRY to OUTLAST US. If they are already going to lose EVERYTHING (by covering at current prices), then what's another few fucking billion to push down the price and hope that a bunch of autistic plebs give up, get bored, or get DISTRACTED? We can't prove this, but their actions, PAID ads, and shill mouthpieces, all speak volumes.  Billionaire fund managers are stubborn, why would they openly admit to loss to a bunch of retards on Reddit if there was nothing to gain? To them, a bigger fund amount is just a new high score. Their lives don't change, they might buy another yacht. So ask yourself, would a monarch of yore, decked in all their splendor and glory, yield to a mere peasant? No.  Most of us are just common plebs working the daily grind, many of us don't even have the daily grind right now due to the pandemic. Our war chests are meager, but combined, together, we have a CHANCE. Billionaire Nick Hanauer wrote an article to his fellow billionaires that  , well this is what that looks like in the market, our shares are our pitchforks, we are not breaking the law, we are not invading your homes, we are not beheading the aristocracy. We are just giving you a taste of your own medicine and playing by the rules of a FREE MARKET in a country that protects FREE SPEECH.  Do NOT let them distract you! Do not feel bad about what we are doing or the dollar amount in your brokerage account. For once we are playing THEIR game and have a chance of actually winning.       . . . 🌕 (meh, keep going). . .   . . . 🌌 (oooOoooO) . . .  👽 (!) . . .   . . . ♾️  \ EDIT: Please don't buy me awards or whatever these ape stickers are, put it all in SHARES.
The next move:  PCG  (Pacific Gas and Electric). Catalyst from Palantir's Foundry.
Ok, this is my 4th time trying to post this... I'm not sure what I wrote that's triggering it to get flagged... but here we go again.    I'm not a financial advisor, nor is this financial advice. This is my understanding and perception of PCG based on my experience and research. Go fuck yourself.      INTRO      Don't worry about jumping on this Monday, this will be a slow mover for a few weeks. Wait to cash out your GME positions after the squeeze climaxes into infinity! Then, put some of those profits aside into a safe 500% return from a utility company. It's always good to diversify.    TL:DR   \- PCG is weighed down by liabilities from sparking a massive wild fire in 2018 that leveled a Nor Cal town in hours (billions in liabilities, over 100 dead). They are under massive public pressure and fear that another fire will spark due to their equipment coupled with drought conditions, price $55 -> $4 in weeks. Currently $  SIGNED CONTRACT WITH PALANTIR! Going to be the safest utility in the state EOY. Half of the settlement to the fire victims were shares (pretty fk'd up, but it's something), let's make those shares worth $$$$$!    Why PCG? (Pacific Gas and Electric     PG&E)    PCG is one of the largest power companies in California, powering almost the entire northern half of the state. They have huge amounts of assets, land, equipment, etc that already justify the current price, but that's irrelevant because the company isn't going bankrupt. They had a MAJOR hit to the company in 2018. High winds and faulty electrical equipment lead to the most deadly wildfire in recent memory. The fire leveled a town within hours due to dry conditions and wind speed. PCG got blamed for the fire and strapped with billions in liabilities.      Since the fire, PCG has re  it's safety protocols to prevent future events. But, the last 2 year have shown (as a California resident, with PG&E power) that PCG is very inefficient. The first year (2019) was mostly a shotgun approach... if conditions were dry and an area had high winds, they cut power to EVERY-FUCKING-WHERE. It's a huge pain in the ass, but it's protecting theirs.      This last year, it got better. I spoke with a few people that work for the city I live in, and they said that they had to contact PCG directly to let them know there was no fire danger within the city limits. So in 2020 during a big wind event, there were fewer, more selective areas turned off. Yay, they're learning... but way too f'king slow.        What does the company look like? Let's see the numbers.       I'll be honest, they aren't incredible. They are carrying a lot of debt due to burning down a town. But, that doesn't mean the profits are bad, and they are improving! Current revenue has increased year-over-year, while debt has been decreasing and looks to be fully paid off under CURRENT operating. That's not accounting for Palantir streamlining the f'k out of their operation.     Here is the balance sheet (scroll down for the "liabilities" section to see debt):       All things considered, they are still looking like a solid company, just with a heafty bill due to a random event.        Accelerated recovery via PALANTIR!    Two weeks ago, PCG announced a deal with Palantir to begin using their Foundry platform to help manage their power grid. This. is. HUGE. The biggest thing holding PCG back as a stock right now isn't it's balance sheet, it's the FEAR that another wildfire will come through and add another $10b debt to the company and drive them into bankruptcy.      This is where Palantir's Foundry comes in. If you haven't had a chance to actually look at Palantir's software, check out the video from Demo Day 3-4 days ago. I tried to link it, but it keeps rejecting my post due to the YouTube link, so look for it on your own (fast forward to 8min for Foundry demo).     Remember how I said that PCG had to contact the city officials in my local town directly to find out what areas were in danger during high-wind events? That information would be available to a single person, in real time, from every area connected to Palantir. Compiling information like wind speed, identifying damaged equipment, isolating at-risk areas, and making real time decisions. THIS WOULD SAVE PCG MILLIONS. Right now they have to send people out to inspect lines IN PERSON (this takes hundreds of employees HOURS to complete), and they have to call city officials in EVERY CITY and ask them ALL what areas should be blacked-out or kept on depending on risk. Can you imagine the cost of that man-power? The time involved? This took a YEAR to see improvement... But what if that COULD have been done in days, or hours???      Palantir's Foundry has the ability to completely transform the safety of PCG. This will remove the "fear" of potential future fire event, since faulty lines, weather conditions, and overall communication between managers, techs, and field workers are all more connected, faster, and more accurate.        Potential       PCG's biggest problem has always been their ability to monitor their HUGE coverage area effectively. They are typically delayed to respond to problems, maintenance is usually only AFTER something goes wrong. Basically, the system is just too big and too antiquated.      This is why the Palantir move is so major. PCG is the FIRST company to use Foundry. THE FUCKING FIRST. Any success from this is going to feed directly into the PLTR profit pool, because PCG becoming safe and efficient would be a GAME CHANGER. They have rode the "we're you're only fucking choice, deal with it" ticket too long, and after the 2018 disaster, it kicked them in the ass. This is their moment to actually pivot into a modern company. Value was $55 before the crash in 2018. It's worth at least that after Foundry gets rolling.        Final note       After the fires, half of the settlement to the fire victims were in shares. Fucking shares. Oh your house burned down? Our bad, here's part of the company... that's worth nothing now. FUCK YOU. I've been pissed the last 2 years about how the whole thing went down, but I get it, they can only do so much without going under in a situation like that. So, let's do our part. Let's push the price of the stock up enough that they can feel a little bit of comfort after losing everything. The company's worth more than it's valued, and far more with the adoption of Foundry. Let's send some tendies to the Paradise victims.        Positions    500 shares PCG & 400 shares PLTR.   Options: 5x PCG $11c, Jun 18 - 5x PCG $12c, June 18
BB GANG RISE UP
Screen time only goes up lately. Remember to take care of yourself!
What defines the "value" of a stock?
Serious discussion. We're getting so much shit for "manipulating the market," but in all reality doesn't the price we're willing to pay for a share recognize the "value" of it? I'm retarded and don't know shit about finance and securities but does the "value" of a stock have to be solely tied to a company's performance or can it really be whatever the fuck we think it's "value" is.  One sentence on short selling from Investopedia (too lazy to find this on the SEC website but I'm sure the same sentence is there verbatim): The risk of loss on a short sale is theoretically unlimited since the price of any asset can climb to infinity  If short selling can technically result in an infinite loss, then why can a stock's "value" not also be infinite when short sellers get caught with their pants down? Couldn't it be argued that the surge in the stock price is not shooting from us artificially driving up the bid to manipulate the market, but rather we just "value" what this stock in particular has to offer given the situation?  TLDR; Just fucking read it. Serious discussion to be had  EDIT: I'm holding fucking 58 shares at $338  EDIT 2: I used too many words. TLDR; I like the stock
YOLO Anthem. Stay strong this weekend.
Let's dance in style, let's dance for a while Heaven can wait we're only watching the skies Hoping for the best, but expecting the worst Are you gonna drop the bomb or not?  Let us die young or let us live forever We don't have the power, but we never say never  Sitting in a sandpit, life is a short trip The music's for the sad man  Can you imagine when this race is won? Turn our golden the faces into the sun Praising our leaders, we're getting in tune The music's played by the, the madman  Forever young I want to be forever young Do you really want to live forever? Forever, and ever
Since ya'll posting your AMC yolos, here's mine
Jim Cramer openly admitting to the immoral "tricks" he and other short sellers use to manipulate stock prices
What do you think Capital + Melvin will try next to escape?
I was thinking about my previous post   I should've drawn the conclusion they would shutdown or block us and didn't consider that as the next step. It has me thinking, what could they possibly try to escape?  1.) Could they liquidate their assets into another company before the debt is due and shutdown capitol before the shorts are due? For example I heard that Toys R Us was robbed by these hedge funds and they forced the borrowed debt back into their hedge fund company. Could they possibly rush a huge debt of melvin and liquidate the debt into one company before the shorts are due? Seems super illegal but based on last week they seem to try anything.  2.) Can they keep affording to pay off the debt indefinitely through higher and higher premiums? I have diamond hands and can hold indefinitely but it got me wondering, if people keep purchasing the calls and push them into the debt contracts, although they run up in value can they just afford to sell new premiums that cover the original debt indefinitely? How are they even selling non-existent funds in the first place??? If that's possible couldn't they keep selling higher and higher amounts of non-existent funds to pay debts?  What else could you guys think of?  Edit\  Note I am not a financial advisor advicer adizor ad vizor.
It's the weekend, what else do we have to do but reminisce about what brought us here.
In 2007-2009 I was in university trying to better myself for my kids' sake, battling depression for not being the provider they deserve.  My son was 2 and half and still hadn't started talking yet and was always different. In January 2009 we finally got him in to see the autism specialist and he gets diagnosed with it, pretty severely in fact. I finished out my semester and made the decision to quit school and find better employment to pay for his various therapies that have yet to have any break through for him.   Since then a storm has blown off a great portion of my roofs shingles, my furnace is in need of repairs, and the suspension is gone on our family vehicle and I'm now down from 40 hour work weeks to 15 hours due to covid. I'm not happy about it but I had to take some profits at $80 to pay some bills we are behind on. But my remaining 10 shares aren't going to budge, there's zero chance I'm going to skip paying bills to make sure my kids have a Christmas in 2021. These billionaires can pay $10,000 for each of my shares so I can get my life back in order, or I'll die with these shares, let's see who blinks first.  Obligatory I'm not a financial advisor and blah blah blah. GME to the fucking moon, I love you guys.
PUTTING MY MONEY BACK IN $GME! saw people saying they will tattoo when $xxx GME I WILL DO THE SAME
Do the greedy    have a way out? - A GME share offering and SEC Rule 105
Go to the bottom for a TLDR and skip past all the thoughts of a crayon eater.   I'm an eternally optimistic smooth brain, but countless and humbling failures from over confidence have taught me to be better at checking every blindspot. I've made one post about ways we could be left holding bags of GME already, but this scenario was overlooked. That combined with ADHD-fueled deep diving led me to SEC Rule 105.   What is Rule 105?   It says that greedy    can't short   in order to try and drive down the price, and then buy   from 🦧 through a new offering to cover their short.   If greedy    violate it, they pretty much just pay a fine and there have been annual occurrences of violating Rule 105 since 2013. Bare with me, I'm going to try and do math.   For example,   for 4 violations where 10,000   were shorted each.   Using 40,000 total  , that works out to a fine of $16 for each shorted  .   Although it's very hard to speculate the size of a possible Rule 105 fine for the GME    shorts, let's guess based on this one example for the sake of overly simplified argument, because I don't think my brain (or yours) could possibly handle trying to make it more complicated. This also assumes GME is going to do an offering soon, will offer 58M   to cover 100% of the shorts, and sell them all to the shorts. I very much doubt that's realistic and GME wouldn't sell them to the    that tried to make them go bankrupt, but what if it did happen?   Greedy    always pay less than the current price, so let's say they pay $150/  to GME to close the shorts entirely:  $150 x 58M = $8,700,000,000 ($  to GME   Now let's say they pay a fine of $16/  to pay for their sins to the SEC:  $16 x 58M = $928,000,000 ($928M) to the SEC  $  + $928M = $    Less than $10B to get out of the mess they put themselves in. Given that the current risk for the    is theoretically unlimited, why wouldn't they do it?   As I said, I'm about as regarded as they come, this scenario is probably unrealistic and definitely over simplified, but is any of this an actual out for the    that could result in all of us holding bags?  I've also yet to find a rule that says different    that aren't short can't buy newly offered   from GME, and then sell them to the    that need to cover their shorts. So maybe that's a possibility?   TLDR: Given how unrealistic this seems and the fact there are also SEC rules against doing it, my final forecast for GME this week is       . 🤲 bois and girls because we like the stock and I'll see you in a galexy unknown.      GME: 27 shares at $89, 7 shares at $350
Predictions for premarket Monday morning? Continued ladder attacks and algorithm fuckery?
Obviously not financial advice, etc.  Posting just to see if I'm on the same page as everyone else. My assumption between spoonfuls of wallpaper paste is that they'll use the premarket for continued short ladder attacks/("alleged") manipulation as we've seen for the duration of this week? I plan on using it as a chance to buy more if so.  Unless I'm mistaken there isn't too much more than that they could do given how little of their short they were able to cover besides waiting for us to trigger the squeeze?
I want to talk about u/DeepFuckingValue
I have watched every minute of DeepFuckingValue's youtube channel Roaring Kitty.   When I found the channel I expected to find a total degenerate. I expected to see some tool sort of like u/WSBGod but with lucky real gains. I was super wrong.  What I found was an extremely smart, soft spoken, humble, and graceful individual.  He found true deep value in a stock and bet on it in a big way. Over the past several months he was welcoming people to challenge him. He was welcoming people to poke holes in his thesis. As GME grew and grew he meme-ed but never gloated.   This GME situation has now exploded into something that no one (not even DFV) could have foreseen. I can't imagine what is going on for him and his family right now.   He has been living in a rented house and now he is a multi-millionaire. People here see him as a deity. Some people here are demanding he speak. Hedge funds probably want to see him ridiculously prosecuted somehow for his DD posts. Some people here are demanding that he announce his next play. I have even seen some people here make serious suggestion that he get into politics.   I think everyone needs to have mad respect for this guy. With that respect we should all understand that what he decides he wants next for himself might not be what some of us envision.   The world is honestly his oyster right now and he could go in any direction. Maybe he doesnt want to be in the public eye and wants to be left alone. Maybe he wants to be the next Burry with his own Scion Capital. Maybe he just wants things to stay the same as possible and just do youtube videos from his likely soon to be not rented basement. Whatever his choice is this entire community and the world in general needs to respect it.   I also see people here writing "If he is holding. I am holding." This is fine but people need to understand that he likely will not tell us when he is selling (he shouldn't tell us for MANY reasons). In addition, we need to respect that he IS ALLOWED to sell if he decides to do so.  GME for many has become a venue to personally fuck the system down to your last dollar, but it may not be the same way for him. I personally am holding my position to the bitter end for that reason, but he may not. Others may not. DVF is at the core a true value investor. You will learn this if you watch his videos. Value investors typically do not buy and hold stocks forever. I am very interested to see how this ends for him. We all need to respect what one another does with their money.   From the early days of this forum there have been some major wins that were phony as fuck. Nothing about DFV is phony. He is completely genuine. He is the real Wall Street Bets God.  His name is u/DeepFuckingValue. Let's put respect on that name for what he has done and continue to respect it when he decides how to end it.   TLDR: In watching hours of DFV content there is no way that you cannot like this guy. He is very smart and very humble. We need to support him should he want privacy. We need to respect him should he exit his position.
GenX - representing the original Motards.
They see me holdin'. They hatin'. Tryin'a catch me sellin' early.
(GME) Viking to the rescue
WHAT, +9000?
Gave back!
I know it’s not much compared to others but I gave back today!!  GameStop: Asked the only employee there what I could do to help out and talked about current state of GameStop. She said, best would be to buy the PowerUp subscription and then we started talking a bit more, she told me she has kids and they love video games. Few minutes later, I bought the subscription, dragonball z hat and $100 GameStop gift card. After I paid, I gave the gift card to   was speechless and asked if I was sure? I smiled and said “F Wall Street.”  11th hour rescue: We adopted our puppy, 5 now, from here. They’re a great organization and we give back every so often. Today I went in to ask what was needed and lady gave me a list and said we take used items too. I left, went to petco to buy some of the items and donated it to the rescue!
Current AMC and BB positions. Going to buy another 1000 for each Monday. Fuck you, Wellington Beeferton Hedge Fund fuckwads. WE WILL DO THE FUCKING THIS TIME (or our wives BFs will)
Robinhood now blocks users from getting their statements. Statements are required if you want to transfer to another broker.
CNBC, loss porn his kind of a big deal here.
Boomer Media Outlet, "Morningstar" AIN'T NEVER SEEN DIAMOND HANDS LIKE THESE.
It's not much, but it's honest work. Original AMC entry $ , sold on the way up and re-entered.
ROBINHOOD WILL HAVE TO BREAK INTO MY WIFE’S BOYFRIEND’S HOUSE IF THEY WANT TO FORCE ME TO SELL MY GME
It's not much, but its something! Could have sold at $500 and walked away but this is about more than money!
Cool, but why would they bother telling us?
JIM CRAMER IS BOTH YOUR ENEMY AND YOUR INFORMANT. Have a listen to what he truthfully thinks about short sellers and hedge funds since he used to manage one.
Should you buy GME
Repost because gay bots    Should you buy index funds and make a safe return? No. Buy GME.  Should I buy dividend stocks because we’re expecting a market crash? No. Buy GME.  Should you buy gold to hedge the market? No. Buy GME.  Wondering if you should buy that Tesla? No. Buy GME and you’ll get two Teslas.  Should I buy a house since low interest rates? No. Buy GME.  Well, I think I would yield better returns investing with Bernie Madoff. True, but he’s also buying GME.  I’m saving up for a wedding ring for u/deepfuckingvalue. Should I buy GME? Yes that’s what he would want you to do.  All of my liquidity is in Lehman Brothers. Do you think I would make a better return elsewhere? Yes, GME.  I’m already in ornamental gourd futures and yielding a 69420% gain per day. Will I get more in GME? No you won’t. Stick with your play.  I already own GME? Good, now hold.  I own a hedge fund and currently shorting GME but I’m down a couple thousand percent. Should I still buy GME? Fuck you. Buy prison calls.  Not financial advice. I just love the stock
Why what happened with GME is the beggining of the end of the hedge fund industry
Hedge funds fear wsb and for good reason guys. It is the beggining of their end.  The implications of what is happening with GME go far beyond of what is happening with the stock price. So I want to give my point of view of what is happening and why GME investors are doing a favour not only to themselves, but to the whole world, and I am not exagerating.  # Wealthy investors do not need hedge funds anymore  The fact that hedge funds that ~~waste~~ expend billions a year have been beaten by a bunch of redditor trading from home in their pajamas pose an unconfortable question for them: why do wealthy people need hedge funds?  If hedge funds can be beaten so easily, why pay them outrageous fees? See GME investors have put in danger the whole hedge fund business model. That's why they are scared.  # Hedge funds went full retard  For the first time in life hedge funds are reacting to what retail is doing, they are not leading anymore. They decided to go full retard and short even more once the short squeeze started thinking they could easily beat retail, when the trade moved against them, they just cried and change the rules of the game.  The fact that they have lost several times and have no way out, is huge, because it means they cannot bring any value to their investors, again making their business model crumble.  # They have the weaker hand  They tried to use all kind of scary tactics (CNBC spreading misinformation about shorts, depicting wsb as a bunch of people gambling randomly, Bloomberg, Yahoo Finance and many more sites trying to prevent the short squeeze etc), they may have even commited fraud, collusion and market manipulation after what happened on Thursday and Friday. Yet GME investors held the line.  Why? Because they know hedge funds have the weak hand, everyday they are losing money on their shorts, paying interests, while investors just have to hold the stock. There is no hurry in selling, no pressure, and everyday new investors join the party pushing the price higher.  For how many days are they going to keep preventing people from buying?  # They cannot do anything  They may try to close this sub, but it is not possible. Why? Because it would be so obvious that they are doing it because they are losing money that Twitter and YouTube would burn and this would backfire up to the Government.  They may try to prevent retail traders from using leverage products, but that would drain liquidity of options and futures markets and cause potential capital flows into other markets (foreign equity markets, DeFi etc).  If they keep manipulating price and preventing retail from buying, the same applies, capital would flow to other markets so the whole US Financial industry would suffer.  TLDR: HOLD. If you like the stock better buy the stock than weekly calls.  Hedge funds are fucked.  GME investors will make history.
NZ investors caught up in stock surge: NZ INVESTORS, ARE YOU READY? LET’S GO TO MOON
How Wall Street Underestimated WallStreetBets
While Wall Street was asleep, WSB became a real player. Here is how:  Here is likely the breakdown of how outsiders thought of WSB (if they thought of us at all):  1. An average retail investor is conservative, buys ETFs, and doesn't trade with options or leverage. 2. A $1m portfolio would rarely have more than $50k (5%) in any singular "speculative" stock. 3. We had about 500,000 users, assume $10,000 per user. 4. This gives WSB $5B in assets under management. 5. If you assume the average retail investor only invests 5% into any singular play, this would give WSB $250m in buying power for any given play. 6. Assume a finite and largely fragmented ecosystem here where at most any play gathers 10% of our users behind it. 7. This would make the total buying power of WSB on a single play roughly $25m.  Assumed buying power: $25m, basically a small family office, not even a blip on the radar.  Here is the rub. That math was completely broken:  1. YOLO: Our user base is willing to risk 10%, 20%, 50%, 100% of their portfolio on a single bet. Assume the average user will push 25% of their portfolio on a signal play. 2. This immediately gives us 500% the buying power of average retail traders. We just went from $25m to $125m in buying power. 3. We use options and leverage. Assume an average of 500% more blended leverage than the average retail investor (mainly based on options more than margins). This takes our buying power from $125m to $750m for a single bet. 4. Growing Ecosystem: a strong play on WSB is/was not limited to our user base. More people outside of WSB joined in, growing our numbers from 500k to over 5m people. Assuming more fragmentation: a 5% engagement rate on a single play grows our potential dry powder for a single event to $  Billion.  Even $  Billion may be conservative with some institutional investors following WSB  TLDR outside investors likely thought our potential buying power was $25m, in reality, it was off by 15,000% and it was probably $  Billion
Still holding
$GME is going to the EDGE OF THE OBSERVABLE UNIVERSE
30k CRSR 50c YOLO
Autista: this is the prisoners dilemma. (  don't paperhand, and here is why)
Here goes the  .  Tl;DR: if we simply stay put we can guarantee the absolute best outcome for all. If we act selfishly we guarantee the worst outcome for all.   For those that have a pimple in their otherwise smooth brains:  The prisoners dillema suggests that people when confronted with the opportunity to cooperate to guarantee a good outcome for all will generally act selfishly and end up worse than if they had cooperated.   However experiments show that humans are biased towards cooperation and will in real situations, more often than not, cooperate for a generally better outcome for all.  Point is, we have evolution on our side. Paperhanding is like snitching to get out ahead of your fellow retard. Hold the fucking line and DO NOT SELL! Buy more GME on Monday if you can and stick with it!  We can come out of this with wall street's money in our pockets!  APES STRONG TOGETHER!  Let's go WSB!
Some of you retards need to understand the brokers you’re using.
Most brokers, or the legit ones are insured by organization known as the Securities Investor Protection Corporation.  Which is a federal organization that insures your portfolio. UP TO $500k and a LIMIT OF $250k for cash.   So don’t worry the $5 you got from your grandma is safe even if Robinhood goes down. Now if they do go down, which i doubt they will. Then after everything settles you should expect your money after a few months.  So its not lost.   One thing to note is, if you own stocks on robinhood SPIC will pay the amount of the stock at the time of liquidation not when the broker goes down.   So lets say RH goes down tomorrow and GME traded at $500. When SPIC starts to act and reimburse you for your shares they won’t give it to you at $500. They’ll return it to you at the current market price.   There’s really no reason to panic, at least not yet. Robinhood may be shit broker but they are pretty successful. The investors behind a reputable broker like that won’t let it go down.
BCRX: The most undervalued stock in the market
First up, I'm acting as a surrogate for u/BIO9999 as he can't post here yet but is absolutely brilliant and deserves to be heard.  He'll be around in the thread to answer questions  We are going to look at   Biocryst’s   recently approved drug   Berotralstat  , AKA   Orladeyo  . It is a   once-a-day pill   given to patients with a terrible lifelong disease called   Hereditary Angioedema  , that results in them having to   frequently visit the Emergency Room   for life-threatening angioedema attacks (check out Youtube for videos of HAE patients suffering from these attacks and using Berotralstat). It is estimated that this disease affects   1 in 50,000   people in the world, or roughly   140,000 people  , so although considered a rare disease, it is still affecting a   lot   of folks.  The available treatments for this disease are   all IV drugs   that are painful and produce local reactions. Berotralstat is the   first oral drug  . It achieved excellent results in phase 3 trials, and the US FDA gave it   fast track   status in 2018 and Japan gave it   Sakigake   status (type of fast track). Then   on December 3rd, the US granted approval for the drug  . They did it very importantly with   zero label   statements--meaning that they had no concerns about side effects or dangers.   On January 22nd, Japan granted approval  . The   EU   also met last week to discuss approval and will announce its result   this quarter  .  So let's look at what the above means for this stock. First the drug is in   HIGH   demand. In the US there are at least   10,000   people with HAE. Despite the disease being frequently debilitating, patients are so uncomfortable about getting regular injections that   only 7,500   are currently being treated with IV injections. The other 2,500 are going   untreated   despite the high risks. Now let's look at the 7,500 patients on a prophylactic treatment. Based on numerous surveys by doctors, the company, and researchers, most of these people would prefer an oral treatment. Take a look at this peer-reviewed survey article finding that  .  No wonder then that one of the preeminent biotech analysts, Evercore's Liisa Bayko, wrote to her clients on December 4th that Berotralstat was likely to quickly   take at least 30% of the HAE market   based on Evercore surveys of patient and doctor demand.  Remember that this is   just the US  .... Japan did not even have any prophylactic treatment until Berotralstat was approved there a few days ago. They have   500 people registered with HAE   and estimated   2,000 ready to be registered  .  .  The EU is not far behind, with its estimated   20,000 patients  , with approval coming in the next few weeks. Then there is the rest of the world. The HAE patient population in   Latin America   is estimated by   HAE International  , the most important advocacy organization for HAE patients worldwide and one of   Berotralstat’s biggest supporters  , to be   over 15,000 patients  , the vast majority of whom are poorly diagnosed and not prophylactically treated. Argentina and Brazil have the highest actual diagnostic rates. HAEI through its Latin American sister organizations is strongly advocating for Berotralstat in Latin America.  Next, it should be noted that Biocryst built a   world-class sales team   for this drug in the US and EU and signed a   partnership with Torii in Japan   to take charge of the large sales and marketing promotion there. It has hired dozens of professionals, most from its HAE competitors. Its   vice-president   and US general manager   Allen Hodge   was even responsible for the   successful efforts of the HAE drug launches   of Cinryze and Firazyr, two pioneering injectable treatments for HAE. You could not get a more promising leader for this task.  It should also be pointed out that this drug, an oral kallikrein inhibitor, is potentially of   huge value for a host of diseases, including COVID-19   (that is now recognized to severely affect the kallikrein-kinin system, and kallikrein inhibitors have begun to be tested against COVID19--see this (IV)   kallikrein inhibitor trial that was just announced in Brazil   for instance:  , many autoimmune diseases, and even some types of cancer.  Last but not least, how should this stock be valued based on this one drug? First, this drug is   one of the 10 most expensive drugs   (based on its annual cost of prescription) in the world, but still   less than the price of its IV competitors  , at $488,000 per patient per year. This drug is being approved by insurance companies   left, right, and center   as their preferred treatment, all you have to do is follow  .  So what does all this mean for sales? And why is the stock not valued based on just this drug alone (I will get to the others in   future posts  )? I   estimate conservatively   that by December 2021, there will be   over 6,000 patients on Berotralstat in the US, EU and Japan  , and I can share in a future post the graphs and calculations I made to get to those numbers. 6,000 patients annualized is up to   $  billion in annual sales  .   Most   of this is going to be   profit  . At a   conservative price to sales ratio of 7  , that should produce a price of   $121, not $   !  If you want to play around with the math yourself, look  .  And that is   just the beginning  . Because Factor D and Galidesivir are going to be much bigger than Berotralstat for reasons I will explain in future posts. Remember that   its Factor D drug, which is showing superiority to all other anti-complement drugs in Phase I trials and was fast-tracked and given orphan status by the FDA and now is in Phase 2 though not officially announced by the company eyt,   and can be used in at least 20 diseases including common ones like Rheumatoid Arthritis, is currently   not even factoring into BCRX's valuation  . Consider that   Alexion with its significantly inferior anti-complement drug was just sold to Astra-Zeneca for $39 billion   because of the   recognized potential of anti-complement drugs   for a host of diseases. BCRX even has has   other drugs like Peramivir, already approved for Influenza and able to be used for the next bird flu pandemic, and its FOP drug--a story for another day  .  So why is this company, with   zero risk of dilution   due to an   amazing royalty deal   it signed in December and   three super-drugs   each worth tens of billions of dollars, and a host of other exciting developments to look forward to,   worth only $  billion right now?   It can only be because the company's stock has been   relentlessly shorted in 2020 and 2021   to allow for significant accumulation by institutions. That is why the stock   only went up 168%  , yes "   ONLY   "   168%  ...  The time for BCRX investors is   now  . My next post will be about Factor D, brace for that one. Factor D is 10 times bigger than Berotralstat! Good luck to all!     positions: 1 GME share, 1700 BCRX shares.  buy either and profit.  not financial advice though.
Think twice before investing in $SLV
SLV saw an inflow of almost one billions dollars on Friday, which is nearly double that of the last record. There are large banks currently naked shorting silver on the futures markets one of them is JP Morgan. It is essential to understand that there is an interest in suppressing the price of silver as every increase undermines the confidence in the   Dollar.   What is essential to know about SLV is the following:   > The sponsor of the Trust is iShares Delaware Trust Sponsor LLC (the “Sponsor”), a Delaware limited liability company and an indirect subsidiary of BlackRock, Inc. (“BlackRock”). The trustee of the Trust is The Bank of New York Mellon (the “Trustee”) and the custodian of the Trust is JPMorgan Chase Bank  , London branch (the “Custodian”). The agreement between the Trust and the Custodian is governed by English law. The Trust does not have any officers, directors or employees.  The same bank that is heavily shorting silver is the custodian of $SLV.  The last time someone tried to increase the price of silver the FED created a special rule to fuck them. The two speculators that tried and successfully (for a time) controlled the majority of silver were billionaires even before their action in the silver markets. After the intervention from the FED, they went broke, billionaires going broke isn't something you hear often.   Be sure that you know what you are getting into and do not use money that you cannot afford to lose. If you think you can compete against the largest banks in the nation and the FED you are wrong. The price might go up for a time but the crash will be swift.
Serious - What Will Make Hedge Funds Close Shorts?
The Short Float is still around 122% \[ .  Let's imagine a second scenario in which they wait and assume the stock price will slowly fall to $150 over the next year. In this scenario, they'd pay a total of $  billion over the course of the year in Borrow Fees, and then cover their shorts for another $  billion. That'd bring the total to $  = $  billion.  So they'd save $  billion dollars.  Obviously this would be a bet by them that the price would fall, and if it doesn't they just wasted another $  billion in paying a years worth of borrow fees. But is there anything to stop them from trying to go this route? What would cause the broker to demand the hedge funds buy back all their shorts immediately?
oh yeah i forgot about posting it but GME LIFE SAVINGS LETS GOOOOOO
Buy high and hold   BB to the moon
Washington Post - Steven Cohen is the Good Guy!
How To Stay Up To Date on WSB Posts
While I know the majority of you fellow degenerates can manage to refresh this page all day every day for the latest news and memes, some of you can't. Here is a guide to get notifications emailed to you so you don't miss an important post:  1)    2) Sign in and create a new applet  3) Select Reddit as the If This  4) Choose "New Hot Post in Subreddit"  5) Type in "wallstreetbets" in the subreddit field and select create trigger button  6) Choose a notification service for Then That. For this example, I chose Gmail.  7) Click Send an email to yourself  8) Format the email how you want and press create action button. I changed the title to include the subreddit in the title. My title's code: {{Subreddit}}: {{Title}}  9) Review and finish the applet   Now every hot post will be emailed to you or tweeted at ya or whatever you chose to notify yourself or others.    IFTTT can do a lot of things and I'm not condoning it's use to harass hedgies or other players.     #HOLD GME                                                            #  Emojied for ease of reading:  While 👱🕗 I know the 🛣 majority of 💯💰 you 👇 fellow 😴 degenerates can manage to refresh this 👈👈 page all day every 👏 day ☀🕧 for the ➕ latest news 📰 and ♂👏 memes, 💩 some of 💰 you can't. 🤸🔫 Here 📍 is 💦 a 👌👉 guide to 😅 get ✊👉 notifications emailed to 😯 you ☝💻 so you 👆 don't   miss ⚽ an 🏼 important ✅ post: ♂🖕  1) ⛈     2) Sign 📝📝 in 👉 and 👌 create 📲 a 👨👌 new applet   3) Select ❇ Reddit 👽 as 🅰 the If This 👉   4) 😭 Choose "New 💯🏽 Hot Post 🏼 in ✝ Subreddit" ⛪😀   5) 💦💦 Type ⌨ in 👏 "wallstreetbets" in the subreddit 😀👌 field and select ❇ create 📲📲 trigger button 🖱   6)  🍆 Choose 📥📥 a ⏰ notification service 🤝 for Then 😧🔙 That. 👌 For 👌🔙 this 👈👈 example, 🔥 I chose Gmail.   7) Click Send 💌📱 an ✒💰 email to   yourself 🏼👉   8) Format the email 💻 how you want and press create 📲📲 action 💪🤚 button. 🔥 I changed the 👏 title 🤔🤔 to 👁💦 include 😠😠 the 👏 subreddit 👌 in 👏 the 💦🎊 title. 🤔🤔 My ✈ title's code: 😲 {{Subreddit}}: 👌 {{Title}} 🤔🤔   9) ⚡ Review and finish 🏁🏁 the applet  Now ❗🤗 every 🏾 hot 💥😩 post 🏿🖕 will 👫👏 be 🐝 emailed to 💦💦 you   or 😩🙂 tweeted at ❗ ya 😫😍 or 💁🅱 whatever ♀💝 you chose to   notify yourself 🙋 or others. 😢    IFTTT can do 💕 a 👨🔫 lot ‼🍑 of 👩  things and I'm not condoning it's use 😬 to harass hedgies or 💁🔮 other players.    💰
Found a way to get 160x leverage from Charles Schwab. Borrowed 14k with 85 dollars to purchase GME calls
Brought these wayyy before the hype truly believe Nokia has GREAT value in it's future. Not selling anytime soon!
TWO ERS. Not sure which to buy   $GME or   $AMC? Swipe right to find out
I think Robinhood is experiencing memory loss.
Currently balls deep in AMC. Not selling anytime soon!  🤲🦧
Our Hero: Deepfuckingvalue
$GME $BB and $AMC when asked if you should buy
We can't win this war on our own, but we have a big whale behind our back. @kjetillstjerne will hold to the squeeze
Robbing the Hood
SMALL PP GANG CHECKIN IN   🤲🏽
THIS IS INSANE!! State pension is shorting stocks like GME unknowingly all the time!!!!!
Robinhood not letting me withdraw cash to bank.
I have a couple grand in available cash to withdraw on Robinhood. I tried withdrawing the whole amount and kept getting “server error” or “need additional verification on this bank account” error messages. I then tried to with draw $50 and it went through. Then tried to withdraw 2k and got the same messages over and over again. Then I tried to withdraw $50 again and it went through. Then tried 1k and got the same “errors”.   ROBINHOOD IS PREVENTING ME FROM WITHDRAWING LARGE AMOUNTS IF MY CASH! FUCKIN CRIMINALS.   Looks like they are insolvent. Anyone else having this problem???  Edit: Don’t worry I kept all my GME  🤚     . I liquidated all my other stocks to get out of this criminal organization.  Edit 2:    I have had zero issues withdrawing to this bank in the 4 years I’ve had my Robinhood.  Edit 3:   They also hit me with this error.
Wall Street, Eh?
Bought 4 billboards on I-15 between Provo and Salt Lake City. $160 for four days- not even half a share of GME to fuel this rocket to Mars!
How to Give Smart; or, How to not waste your money on a garbage charity you saw on a Wendy's cup once.
I see a LOT of people donating portions of their earnings to charity and first off let me say,  GOOD FOR YOU . You're doing something a lot of people in this world don't bother to, and seeing all of the posts of people paying off homes, cars, student loans, and so on melt my heart.  Before the GMREEEEEEEEs that have infiltrated every financial sub on the planet start shrieking about me insinuating you should cash out,  you make your own decisions on your own risk tolerance .  You do what's best for you .  Now,   when you do     cash out of      any position,      give smart  . I've been in the nonprofit world for a while and can tell you there's a lot of "charities" out there that do fuck all with the money you give them or just let it sit in their account for the duration of the disaster that people were donating to alleviate (looking at you, Red Cross).  It makes me physically ill to think of your giving going to waste. I'm not going to tell you to give to the arts, or to medicine, or to space exploration. Just be sure to investigate where you're giving and don't trust the "Top 10 charities for X" posts you see all over the interwebs. I have provided for your sleuthing pleasure a few websites to vet your giving. They will allow you to search by name, type, etc. Give them a look and see.    \- Will tell you how the charity compensates their executives, their cost-to-raise ratio, and the program to overhead ratio.    \- Another organization that researches top charities to provide transparent data.    \- Probably the most in-depth of the bunch on the ones that they review. They go into detail on the impact, results, accountability, and culture of whatever organization you look up.  Also, there's a boat load of foundations out there that would love to take your money and watch it grow. Many of them already have securities and other assets.  You can sometimes donate assets directly and the wealth keeps growing.  \ \ You can also bequeath another account to an organization.\ \ This means you don't touch it but name your charity as a beneficiary. Let it grow, then when you die, Tendie Claus will drop it in their chimney. For more information:     Other points to consider: Cost-to-raise is not always a good measure, so do your DD on charities. For charities that have most or all of their capital and assets donated, the cost-to-raise should be exorbitantly low. Don't confuse PACs with charities. Here's an example: PACs donate to pro-X legislation and legislators. Charities donate their services, products, and education falling under the X rubric to people in need.  If you're more interested in activism and advocacy, you can find some great resources here:    \- List of Super-PACs    \- List of hybrid PACs  My apologies to the Europoors. Can't help you because I'm a lowly American't.  Bless all you magnificent bastards who have already done God's work in sharing the wealth you've accumulated on your own volition.  Tl;dr: Use these resources to research companies before you consider donating.  Edit: There are some 3rd party services out there that help certain non-profit organizations (charities and companies alike) with what we call "passive investment" or "passive activism." Amazon Smile is a good example of this. A portion of your purchase goes to whatever 501c(3) company you select that's registered. But it's   compared to an actual gift.  Edit 2: Thank you u/onomoto81 for the link to a philanthropy podcast that discusses the considerations you should evaluate before giving ever and at all. I skimmed it and it seems on the up and up. Philosophical but at least worth the listen.
Great DD from r/GME
Credit goes to u/QuiQSllver  Probably the most important thing you can read regarding GME   ;#x200B;   Processing img qq1cm0figie61...   Logically it made sense that Robinhood was running out of capitol, until you do the math and read the 2 articles posted today about these firms being unable to meet the cash requirements.     First we examine the brokerages finances        TD Ameritrade - (2019 Average - 860,000 Trades per day, 11 million accounts and   1 TRILLION in net assets held by clients  .  (Data limited no IPO) Robinhood - (2020, 13 million accounts,   million trades, $150 billion in transactions.  E-Trade - (2019 -     billion retail assets   \+ 365 billion corporate service assets, Morgan Stanley purchased E-Trade to have a combined     Trillion in Assets  , in addition Morgan Stanley had     Billion   in free cash flow for 2019. )  Charles Schwab - (2020 -     Trillion in client assets  , Averaged   MILLION trades per day.   eToro - (2020   Trillion trade value cleared in a year... or     Billion per day  . 17 million users.)   ;#x200B;    Next lets examine GME volume     ;#x200B;  On Monday and Tuesday (25/01/2021 (DD/MM/YYYY) was at 177 million @ $100 a share,   91 Million Wednesday @ $350 a share,   and finally 42 million on Thursday @ high of 470 and average at 240 .  This adds up to   billion traded value Monday and Tuesday    Billion traded value Wednesday    Billion Thursday    (Stick with me here)    Now remember these companies are used to trading $GME at an average volume of 40 million a day with a share price of $10 or a net total of 4 Billion traded value. So in your head take out 4 billion from each of the total traded value of the stock for each day, and that is the numbers we are working with.   Now compare this to Tesla, This year they experienced an average volume of   million. However their volume changed from the lowest over the year at 17 million @ a share price of  , compared to the highest on the year at   million shares traded @ a price of $695. Those two numbers add up to     billion on their lowest day and   billion on their highest.      Now remember how we just saw that on $GME highest daily traded volume ever recorded they barely touched a change in value of 32 billion??? Yet somehow we see eToro, Robinhood, Charles Schwab, E-Trade and TD Ameritrade all restrict $GME because as they claim, "They ran out of money" So they can front the cost of 154 billion in a day for trading 1 stock but can't cover the 32 billion on a different day for a stock that has significant impact on their relationship with one of their banks?    Now you tell me? Were we seconds away from igniting the largest wealth transfer in history? Were we seconds away from giving money to people who will give back, those who can help the single mother or homeless man on the side of the road because they aren't a billionaire themselves they are just another human who lives in a neighborhood, who passes the homeless man, talks to the single mother, works 12 hour shifts. We were seconds away from a wealth transfer not to a billionaire who will write a 40 million check to a charity that takes 80% for "Admin cost" but to you, me and every other person who has the ability and desire to change the lives of those around them for the better not just through a smile as you walk by or a bummed cigarette late on a Friday night, but through a physical way that only wealth can distribute.  Keep your head up, The math on this is simple, they are playing you.                   (NYSE,            TLDR: These brokerages are full of bs and scared as fuck!   🌕  🏾   Not a financial advice!
After the squeeze has been squoze. Stay strong, you diamond handed $GME apes.
We will not stop. Occupy GameStop.
This is our secret...
NOK YOLO - I am with you comrades, support the   buy dips as needed
another shark on our side
Move to Fidelity retards!! There are no restrictions. Bought a ton. Buying more  🔥  🏻 GME AMC
"IF GME HITS $XXXX I WILL DO" Compilation
As per WSB tradition, there's always these monkies who make a deal with the devil and the devil hasn't forgotten, These are the people who have made posts saying they'll do something if $GME hits a certain price target  u/TulaSaysYAY \-             u/Dr6fiddy  \-       u/BubblegumHummingbird \-       u/TulsaGrassFire \-      u/KingMal1k \-    u/blu3ray \-    u/OG-AUSSIE \-    u/RevaltOfGiria \-   u/terrible_badguy \-    u/   u/chewks \-       u/QuantizedPhoton \-    Honestly though, thank you to everyone who vows to donate to a charity or give back to someone, you have changed people's lives. This has escalated to something insanely powerful.   Hold the line, GME to the moon.  May your tendies be warm, and the power be to the player  Edit: I will constantly update this as much as I can, Ping me if you want me to add any, and if mods want, they can pin this too lol
$35,000/y to MILLIONAIRE!! Missouri man now a millionaire on paper after investment into GameStop stock
Denzel Washington once said, “If you don’t read the newspaper, you’re uninformed, if you do read the newspaper, you’re misinformed.”
Hold strong fellow apes and autists. We will conquer above this cruel world we live in by standing together and continuing the fight. This is now WORLDWIDE, unified for the ultimate goal.   Do not give into the media. Do not give into all the fake news or erroneous information that they will continue to throw our way. Remember who IS and IS NOT with us when all is said and done.   Thank you all. This sub is the only reason I’ve been on Reddit. I love you all
Interactive Brokers CEO IBKR Thomas Peterffy Dumps His Own Stock after Screwing Us
Well done, young lad! Well done!
PSA: If you want your funds to be safe, get out of Robinhood. The platform almost certainly has liquidity issues. This is the real reason why they prevented GME buying
Watch the interview on CNBC and CNN with the Robinhood CEO (Vladimir Tenev). He danced around the question of why he did this by alluding to how he wanted to protect investors. This is all a SHAM.  There is a significant chance that had they not halted trading on the relevant stocks, they would've been   insolvent   by close of trading, depending on the size of their credit line.   This is why they raised $1 billion as an emergency from investors  . The reason why he wasn't clear about this, was because if you admit on TV that your company is experiencing liquidity issues -- even if temporary in nature such as with clearing custodianship requirements -- you run the risk of triggering a greater panic through customer withdrawals/redemptions. You also run the risk of going insolvent.   It is no coincidence that they've been halting buying on literally any asset as soon as the volume on it starts to massively increase.    This could turn into a run on the brokerage pretty quickly, and probably already has in some measure, especially after a day of massively lost customer trust. Vlad certainly didn't help it by going on TV and lying about their liquidity issues.  TL;DR:   If you want to save your funds, start using other brokerages.
53% share price jump lands GME Resources (ASX: GME) in trading halt. SOME RETARDS MISTOOK AN AUSSIE MINING COMPANY FOR GAMESTOP
Melvin Capital still isn't out, or it doesn't matter either way.
Mods, if this is just a parrot of someone else's DD feel free to take it down. I read WSB for like 12 hours a day and miss new posts all the time.   Disclaimer: I'm a moron and not a financial expert, I own GME shares. This is all my opinion.   Hello, my fellow retards. This GME movement has been seriously heartening for the common man, and the following that WSB has gained because of it is completely bonkers. This is all well and good, but on some level, GME is still a numbers game to me. Melvin announced that it had closed its position in GME and everyone here instantly doubted such a claim. I have some 8 pm coffee-fueled napkin math that suggests... maybe?    Point 1:      the best price that the shorts could possibly be holding, on average, is about   $180 per short  . In other words,   shorts are still massively underwater even if they've been frantically covering and doubling down for the last week  .    Point 2:    CNBC could be lying.    Point 3:      also disagreed with the possible Melvin exit.    Point 4, the Devils Advocate:    Melvin, as per the CNBC article, completely exited its position on 1/26. That Tuesday was two things: the cleanest rising day we've had since $35, and some of the highest volume GME has ever seen. In my opinion, that rise could have been caused by constant buying pressure as Melvin unwinded their position, and there was definitely the volume to support that kind of a move without  completely  fucking the price.    My conclusions:    Melvin being out or not isn't a huge deal, but it does make the squeeze less sweet if they are gone. I am positive that a multibillion-dollar hedge fund would rather book a 30% year loss than a bankruptcy, and that they are at least hedging their position like a madman. However, at this point, someone is still holding a -100% bag at  least  and these new shorts entering GME, then leaving almost a day later with a complete loss will push some crazy momentum into the stock so long as it generally goes sideways or up.  TR;CR:  Melvin is probably lying but it doesn't matter, buy GME. \ rocket emoji\
The only thing RH's restrictions on Thurs accomplished was to bait more shorts into the trap
Rumors are some hedgies covered while others put on new shorts thinking we are getting ready to exit.   They don't know.  They don't realize we understand the mechanics of this trade. They will slowly bleed money to their short maintenance fees while prices remain elevated due to the massive deficit of shares available to trade.   We literally sit on our hands while they panic day after day until they can't take the pressure anymore and close their positions - thats when the   REAL   squeeze comes. Short interest is still through the roof, we haven't finished looting them yet.
You like this stock, but do you know why?
There's a lot of good DD on GME but I bet most of you fine smooth brains haven't read any of it. That's ok except we're now in the greatest battle we've ever seen at the 11th hour before the squeeze and if your only thesis for buying and holding is "I like this stock" then you're not convincing anyone who's on the sidelines to buy and hold. Hell you might even paper hands yourself before we reach Valhalla or worse during a ladder attack into oblivion.  Lucky for you I have two things that can add 20 carats to your diamond hands in 10 minutes.  First is /u/deepfuckingvalue's DD video from last August. It's only 5 minutes long, but when legends speak you listen carefully. Word of advice you might need to play it at   because in true autist fashion DFV speaks many good words very very fast.  Second is a tool my (probably autistic) friend made. No one wants to use it because it's boring as shit but basically it lets people slap quizzes onto videos. Good friend I am, I set some time aside to actually make a   so I can give him some feedback and help my fellow diamond hands at the same time.  I threw some curveballs in so if you get everything right then you know why you like this stock.  Engage diamond hands, keep up on DD, and don't blink because we're riding up this week.  Positions 46 shares of GME with another 2k in on Monday to btfd. Not even thinking about selling till we hit $10,000 because that's how much I like this stock.  Edit: PT 10,000 not 1,000 thanks /u/MisterRich213 for setting that straight
Tax Dollar Thoughts
Hi fellow autists,  Had a showerthought the other day.  Wouldn't it make sense for our government to support retail investors through this, for the simple reason that, majority of shares traded and profits made, are likely to be hit w/ short term capital gains tax.  That's good for the government, economy and national debt.  Otherwise, profits that are made by hedge funds and other Wallstreet elitists would likely put into off shore tax havens.  Help me out, I'm pretty retarded so what am I missing...?  Obligatory                               TL;DR - Wouldn't supporting the retail investor bring in more tax dollars?
Be prepared for a lot of bot posts on here this week telling you to sell!
The one thing that fucks us is if the shield wall breaks and your hands turn to paper. Hedges KNOW THIS. They already have bots and operatives here trying a wide variety of tricks and traps to trip us up so they can mitigate their already substantial losses.   I’m not a financial adviser and this isn’t financial advice, but know that someone telling you to “SELL RIGHT NOW FOR MAXIMUM TENDIES!!!1” is probably a Melvin trying to cause cascade failure in the squeeze. Don’t fall for it. If you do have to sell, do it because that’s the right time for you NOT because some rando on here said GO GO GO.   With all that in mind, remember:  APES STRONG TOGETHER      The Diamond Hand Revolution is upon us  ✊  Straight to the moon (which I hear is made of tendies)
The blaming of WSB
This is just my 2 cent on the last events. Some of you won't like it very much, some will think it's reasonable.   But it happened to me today, while I was reading something, that the explainations we are getting from everywhere are partially wrong, for different reasons.   First:   Right now we have two different POV   1) The wsbetters are going to earn a lot of money because the big squeeze is on the horizon   2) The wsbetters are going to lose a lot of money because the HF already succesfully exited.   My opinion is that The most exposed shorts were closed two days ago, but there is still a lot of pain in front of them (so, hold, I hate them) but The entire market is going to de-leverage, and start to go down, and, guess what? They'll blame WSB for this.   They'll Blame The commoners for a disaster created in Wall street with The help of The federal government.
Road to Nowhere
My story starts in 1981. After Reagan declared war on family farms and kicked out agricultural subsidies and commodities purchasing by the USDA to support family farms, it took about a year before the Farm Crisis got into full swing. My Dad made the TV news when our family dairy was the first in Northern Minnesota to be put on the block by the FDIC as they liquidated our bank to “protect investors”.  My father began a process of making progressively more desperate bets in order to try to support his family, sold Shaklee, was in three or four multi-level marketing schemes, sold insurance, ran a saw mill, started a small handicap equipment manufacturing company, before throwing in the towel and accepting what money I and my brother could spare him from our student loans. When I joined the Navy in desperation (abandoning college), all their utilities were cut off and he had finally given in and accepted welfare and food s .  Over the years, he finally got a service connected disability (Vietnam), and after my mother passed, now lives, not comfortably, but adequately. His story is finally to its “happy ending”(?). My road has been paved with extremely hard work, and I am doing okay, no thanks to the powers that be. Completed my service in 1992, did okay as a blue-, then white-collar person, until 2008...declared bankruptcy to save my family’s home, out the other side and finally, I think, going to make it. No retirement in our future; at least not yet; but we’re okay.  So, I hope you accept this disenfranchised Gen-Xer, and thanks for the welcome. As I buy the GME/AMC/BB/NOK train (2/20/30/100), I can’t help but have a particular song stuck in my head...     Edit: Adding paragraphs? 🥴
Yes... keep buying GME, but I think MAC could blow up. Thoughts welcome
Wrote this for another sub, but maybe people here can tell me if I'm full-on retarded or just partially retarded.      HOLD GME! DO NOT SELL! BUY THE DIPS! GME HAS NOT POPPED. I'm writing this only because it's a smaller $ value trade and some of you may be able to put a tiny amount in and get some food for your 9 children, or at least start paying child support. Loser.     I know a lot of you fuckers are already in MAC and we can make another round of people rich. Note I have a $1k stock position in MAC, so this isn't a big money maker for me since I didn't buy call options -- but I'm going to... I just want to share what I've found and how I see things, so hopefully we can have another round of poors becoming wealthy during this fucked up pandemic.  Why I think MAC is such a hold position is because look at the short interest:   It has been at or near 70% for a long time and the short interest is dropping (see graph on imgur slide). Why I think this is important is because MAC was trading around $6 a year ago. I think a lot of shorts are already trapped at the low prices -- probably shorts at really low prices that can't get out because the current price. (That's my logic at least, someone with more market knowledge please let me know if that's not the correct way to think about things.)  Also, I think MAC has been collecting rent and has good financials/cash (like GME), so it is undervalued. (Can someone grab a good article so we can lay out the value play on MAC?)  MACs market cap is a lot bigger (5x's) that of where Gamestop was at. I think this may make it harder to squeeze -- but someone with more knowledge can maybe chime in.  Thoughts and help appreciated. And, if I'm totally idiotic, you can tell me that too.  EDIT: One other thought -- MAC is a good short-term and long-term play. If you look at options, they're really cheap. Now go look at the 5 day chart -- see how the stock has been bouncing off $23? If you buy the cheapest February call options, I think you can easily make it to $23 -- and I think there's a possibility for a lot of $$$$$ to be had. I can't trade options right now because it's taking forever to get money into my trading account (oh, yeah, I never traded until GME and I've never traded options, so again, I'm a retard). But -- DFV made the majority of his money on calls so if one of you fuckers strike it rich on the option, at least leave me a thumbs up on here.   Don't buy Reddit medals -- put it in GME.  Edit: Gathering here -- /r/MACArmyBets
have question on cost free collar
Me   have big questions for      Look. In 1999 mark cuban wanted to lock in his   gains but held only yahoo stock he couldn’t sell for 3 years. So what he did was buy what’s called a collar which often costs little to nothing.  So if a monkkeee wanted to hold but didn’t want big loss they could theoretically take some lots of 100 and for each one they could sell a 2023 call and buy a 2023 put.  This locks all gains and you can hold theoretically forever by rolling, and essentially makes it where you only can get called away at say $400+.    Does this make sense or am I missing something? This is legit just a question as I’m a  humble moron and don’t know anything so this is NOT financial advice. I’m literally just curious.  Downside maybe  is that call buyers of the calls you sell could then lock in at whatever the strike was preventing a big squeeze on price for them, but maybe upside makes it easy for people to keep holding. Maybe allows people to diversify without fear of losing it all  Can someone please clear this up for me?  EDIT: sounds like many said this might not allow for highest price spike so probably not a good strategy, again I know nothing was just asking, carry on discussion or mods feel free to delete this post              🪐🌔🪐🌔
An alternative to transferring brokerages and potentially missing the squeeze: Robinhood Cash Account.
Update: If you are getting a 404 error, I recommend contacting their support and requesting they downgrade your account to a Robinhood Cash account. I don't think this is nefarious - I've seen this 404 error since at least November.      Update 2: Robinhood makes money LENDING OUT YOUR SHARES to shorts AND THEY KEEP THE INTEREST. if you switch to a Robinhood Cash account, they will be unable to lend out your shares.    A ton of this sub uses Robinhood and after what happened the last few days, we all want to jump ship.  Not only did Robinhood restrict buying of GME, but since we are all on Margin Accounts, technically Robinhood owns the stock and simply passes many of the rights of ownership to us, crediting us with quasi-ownership.  This is important because if Robinhood fails, we don't actually own our stocks - Robinhood does and those shares we paid a lot for could just as well go bye-bye.  The obvious solution is to get the fuck off Robinhood, but it ain't that simple. If you begin a transfer of your assets to another brokerage, your positions will be frozen for up to 2 weeks. Every single day counts right now, and that is simply not an option.  As much as we shit on Robinhood, we really need to be rooting for them to succeed and get an influx of cash to be able to post it as collateral with DTCC to get our trading activity back to normal.  All that being said... there is an alternative solution to save our asses:    Robinhood Cash Accounts       In short, when you sign up for Robinhood you start off with a   Robinhood Instant   account. This is a margin account.  If you're like many of the retards on here, you upgraded it to a   Robinhood Gold   account. This is still a margin account.  There is a third option: a   Robinhood Cash   account. You do not get access to instant deposits. You do not get access to instant settlements. If you sell anything, you'd need to wait 2 trading days before having access to the cash. Essentially, you're no longer relying on the magic of margin accounts to make everything look instantaneous to you.  Does that suck? Yeah, kinda, but   you get full control and ownership of your shares  .  I will be downgrading my account to a Robinhood Cash Account and once this is all over, I'll be transferring to another brokerage.
New Reddit accounts are allegedly being stolen to generate fake market sentiment around memestonks!!! MODS DON'T DELETE FOR FUCK SAKE THIS IS POTENTIALLY CRITICAL INFORMATION!
I'm a generic europoor who went all-in on GME with all my spare cash and I'm active on the   subreddit. Revolut was/is the app I'm using to trade stonks.  If you can please just ignore me being a scared-shitless paperhanded moron for a few seconds (I still own 101 GME shares though), check this screenshot below, or go read the comments yourself here       Someone is stealing new Reddit accounts somehow and drumming up market sentiment around our beloved memestonks. We ordinary apes simply like these stonks, but whoever's doing this reddit account stealing has ulterior, possibly shady motives.  This particular instance, I have a theory that this was part of the propaganda   that was aiming to instill a sense of urgency and disappointment after the squeeze didn't happen this week. Notice how it says "... this thing is happening in the next few days." We all know it didn't happen, of course, but this comment was posted before a bunch of stonk apps removed the ability to buy memestonks, which led to a subsequent series of short ladder attacks drilling down the prices of our beloved memestonks.  I think this is another piece of the puzzle pointing to a very real possibility of an alleged concerted, co-operative operation by the hedge funds which are short GME in order to manipulate the memestonk price and drive it down to "normal levels" (fuck you Interactive Brokers you fucking pieces of shit). Hey SEC, if you're not all corrupt assholes like these online broker CEOs, look into this will ya please?  But I'm just a retard, so what do I know. I'm not a financial advisor, I simply like the stonk. Monke stronk together.          🌒
Don't be distracted. The GME Squeeze hasn't even happened yet!
The real squeeze hasn't happened yet.   Until it does, ignore the distractions of AMC, silver, etc. There's never been anything like this moment in history. There's gonna be margin calls, bankruptcies and before it's over, probably sooner rather than later, 10000 GME.  The hedgies are all over social media spraying a lot of chaff about silver, AMC, BB, etc. That's because how we're expressing our love for GME (BUYING AND HOLDING) is working.  Interest on borrowed shares got as high as 200% last week and on Friday was 50%  This last Friday's volume was only 1/4 the volume of the week before because people are HOLDING.  This shit is happening. Don't be fooled. This is the way.
Shoutout to all of the bagholders out there i understand now much this shit hurts-holding BB until 200$ or until I die
Once we reach the moon, what is the smartest thing to do with your riches? I am not looking for financial advice. Just want to hear of the different options out there.
Autists,  As my hands start to be come solid diamond, I can’t help but think of what to do with my money. I have no credit card debt. In fact my only debt is my car ( which will be paid off next week without GME cash) and my student loans.   To me, this is a rare opportunity to make some money turn into more money. Could this be a seed to start a portfolio for retirement? Is it smart to pay off all debts before you start investing?  What are your plans?
As soon as they quit shorting well quit buying.. Current fundamentals and TA say buy. Hows that sound Cramer et al?
Don't be fooled they are spreading misinformation to try and fold as many hands as possible. There is no way out for them except major losses or prison... some are deciding this weekend which choice they will make.   Id like to see someone do some real TA and analysis on the actual value of GME with all of this free marketing, support etc. Tech companies are often huge valuation with no product and the cronies seem to have no issue with that...
IF YOU    FUCKS MAKE ME 1 CENT OVER 30K I WILL GET A TATTOO OF THE WSB SNOO+
OK BOIS.. I can sense there might be a little uncertainty and maybe a little lull in the excitement in the community, so let's raise the stakes a little, shall we?   If you beautiful, diamond-handed   , ape hold banana    fucking autists make me one cent over 30K, I will get a tattoo of the WSB Snoo. I told my wife and myself that the next tattoo I get would be for our future children, but fuck dem kids! She also thinks we still have money in our savings account haha ::sobs quietly at prospect of divorce:: 😢 Hopefully her boyfriend has a couple shekels saved up!  I would also be willing to consider reasonable (funny word, what does it mean?) stretch goals at every 10K interval above 30K. I'm talking rocket emojis   , text, etc. I would like to keep the tattoo  somewhat  serious, as this will be worn as a badge of honor, and a tribute to what has quickly become my absolute favorite place on the internet. But I will absolutely consider all suggestions for the stretch goals.   SO DO IT PUSSIES! MAKE ME DEFACE MY BODY IN THE NAME OF TENDIES!!!! I FUCKING DARE YOU!!  Also, on a serious note, I mean it when I say this is my favorite place on the internet. All of you are fucking hilarious and everyone is in on the jokes which makes the community so great! APE FIND HOME NOW. APE HOLD BANANA WITH OTHER APE. APE LOVE FELLOW APE.   ❤️    Position: 40 shares GME avg $115  Also, for those that can't read, I knows there's a lot of you...                And FUCK WALL STREET! GREEN DILDOS UP EVERY HEDGIES ASS!!  OH YEAH... I LIKE THE STOCK... THIS IS NOT FINANCIAL ADVICE    Edit 1: I WON'T, but if we hit the goal, and you ever, for one second, get a sense that I am pussying out on this promise, I GIVE YOU PERMISSION to cyberbully the fuck out of me until they fish me out of the Hudson River!!  Edit 2: No emojis, couldn't read  Edit 3: HERE'S YOUR PROOF    Edit 4: I like the stock. Not financial advice.  Edit 5: So, since people are reading (wut?), I figured I'd give some context about my sad miserable fucking life to maybe get you guys more JACKED TO THE TITS:  2 years ago I was hospitalized with the worst bout of depression. I never imagined how bad depression could be. I was weeping literally every day. Couldn't do shit but cry all the time and contemplate why I was even fucking here. I was going to school to get into a career that I didn't even want to be in, and I legitimately felt like I was a useless POS that was only a drain on everyone around me and they'd all be better off if I was gone. That depression took EVERYTHING from me.. my confidence, self-esteem, self-worth, humor, and much more. Now, I'm a garbage man in NJ with a fucking bachelor's degree and student loan debt and I live in a fucking doll house owned by my wife's grandparents, right next door to her nosy ass parents, cause we can't afford shit else. Thankfully her boyfriend chips in on rent so he has a discreet place to bang her whenever he wants. My life these past 2 years has been a slow climb out of the fucking abyss, and for the first time in 2 years, I have something that has me literally uncontrollably excited! I started trading a few months ago with everything I had saved up (not much). All "smart" investments with long-term growth almost guaranteed. Then, here you fucks come along with an idea for the heist of the century. I read the posts, saw the action, and said "You son of a bitch, I'm in." I sold almost all of my PUSSY stocks and stuck my dick in GME! THIS IS EVERYTHING I HAVE. IF A GARBAGE MAN CAN HOLD MONEY THAT WOULD PROVIDE A NICE COMFORTABLE CUSHION, SO CAN YOU!!      LET'S FUCKING DO THIS.. AGAIN NOT FINANCIAL ADVICE! I JUST LIKE THE STOCK       Edit 6: also, to be clear.. just cause the goal is 30k, doesn't mean I'm selling at 30k. I said stretch goals at 10k intervals for a reason.   ↗️🌕
Foreign Officials Must be Rolling with Laughter Watching What This Board Has Done to Wall St.
I can just imagine this news being delivered to some high ranking Chinese/Russian official in the morning. His reaction must have been priceless, especially seeing whats been going on with the billboards on TS. This must be the biggest flex in the history of American finance.      PS. Look how much more fun it is when people like you have control over large sums of money. Look how many people have donated to local food banks and homeless shelters. Look how many people helped their parents, and paid off their school loans. Its so motivating to see this as a young millennial.      <3
Just got done listening to CNBC explaining why short selling is so important to our markets.....
TL;DR - by holding our BANG stonks with   , we are doing to the hedge funds what they do to good stonks.   I work for a retailer, not GME, and about 8 years ago the short sellers came a knocking. They blasted us daily saying retail is dead.  Full blown media attack to change public opinion (shitty practice). They drove the stock from $60s down to under $10. They made their money and thousands of employees were laid off. Today, the stock is over $100.   CNBC shills say that short sellers keep the market honest to prevent poor idiots from losing their life savings to Madoff. BULL SHIT. Those same funds were all in bed with that scum bag and only went short after it became public that he was a douche.   They are in it for profit and nothing else.   Keep pressure on them and keep buying!!!! No way they unloaded yet.   But what do I know, I'm a retard that knows nothing about the stock market
Elder millennial here. Again, if you're booking a high-6 or 7 or 8 digit gain soon, do me these two favors so I can rest easy knowing your tendies will be safe.
Three million people and counting have joined WSB since I posted this last week, so one more time.   This isn't legal or financial advice. I'm just a dumbass with some life experience to share.    First, buy some goddamn personal umbrella insurance.   It's cheap af, like I pay $400 a year for mine. And it's easy af to buy. What is umbrella insurance? It's something poor people will never have to worry about, so be glad it's in your life now.   It protects you from lawsuits by parasites by adding million(s) of dollars in personal liability coverage above and beyond the policy limits of your auto, renters or homeowners insurance.    Your shitty auto/renter/homeowners policies have limits of a couple hundred thousand bucks max. If you hit somebody's car, if someone slips and falls in your house, if someone accuses you of sexual assault, odds are there they will want to sue you. Any plaintiff's attorney worth half a fuck that they hire is going to do their research on you and when they do their DD and find out you have tons of assets now, they are going to come after way more than what they wanted thinking you were just some broke nobody. Umbrella insurance protects you from the unlikely but ever present threat of bankruptcy through lawsuits now that you are a big rich target. I've seen way too many idiot doctors and successful small business owners lose their life's work through negligence lawsuits and not having umbrella policies in place that would have stopped it.  Which brings me to my second request of you. Don't make yourself an obvious target.   Keep your goddamn mouth shut about your tendies and tell no one the particulars. Don't even fucking hint at it   (in real life that is, say whatever you want anonymously on WSB. Half my post history is about my net worth, ffs). Don't tell dad to make him proud, don't tell strangers to impress them and feel good, don't tell some girl to get her to fuck you. I don't care if you shower the people you love with gifts, it's none of my business. If they ask, just say you had a good year trading and leave it at that.  Neither of my parents know about my trading profits, nor that I'm a millionaire. None of my friends know. I'll go to my grave not telling a soul. Because I see how people treat the people I know IRL who do flaunt it and I'm disgusted how some people (not all) no longer view you as a person, just something to exploit.    Why tf should you listen to me? Maybe you shouldn't. I was wrong af about GME.   I posted how I thought it was trash from $10 to $30 and while I thought u/DeepFuckingValue deserved props for eating shit all year and holding strong, I thought the rest of you were FOMO sheep chasing it in the $20s. Mea culpa. I'm glad I was wrong. I've never seen so many rattled old white men before in my life before this week and it's great. I'm genuinely happy for you guys that hit it big and hope the squeeze isn't over. Please consider what I've said. Thanks.    (edit) Mods, it's okay to delete this repost if you deem it necessary. I'm honestly really disappointed that u/DeepFuckingValue was identified by the WSJ and other media outlets in the days since I first posted it. I was hoping he would stay anonymous and ride off into the sunset, but it's none of my business if he didn't want that for himself. Hoping others will see this and think about it before going public.
You Sell, I'll Hold
Today it's a meme, but what if it isn't?  We saw   as a meme until it wasn't.  Some still think 1k is a meme, but it ain't.  Same for the dominos meme from DFV's post to collapse of the financial system.... That literally almost happened Friday with clearing houses / DTC.  SO, what about "You sell, I'll hold."?  My number is $4mm, I hit that I'm happy and set for life.  At 5k per share I have double the amount of shares needed to hit that mark.  I've  🧤 this far I'll keep going, minus some shit on TDA due to reasons (They fucked me good).  What would happen if we choose our numbers, set our limits, and go Super Saiyan God Super Saiyan   🧤?  Hold every share you don't need to hit your number THROUGH the squeeze, Take the L at the end, to make sure only Citadel and Melvin are holding the bag, not the army of normies that came to the party to fuck the big guy?  I'll take enough and not get greedy, this is about more than the money now.  928 shares and 7x 2/05 600c, we're coming for your shit Melvin  Edit - I just really like the stock, I'm retarded and this is not financial advice.
Fidelity or SoFi since RH are cheats?
After all the fiasco with some of the big brokers like robinhood, TD, ETrade, Webull,  last week; I have made the decision to turn to these two brokers (Fidelity Invest and SoFi Invest) for my future investing platforms since they didn’t stop and or limit purchases on certain stocks. Has you used either of these before? If you have, what is your experience with either of these two companies? Everything from ease of use or UI to their customer service. Also do they come with fees or anything like that? All input is appreciated and it’s a shame that so many big brokers did dirty on their customers but it’s good that it shed light on who the real brokers should be.  Edit: It’s safe to say 90%+ of the commenters here argue that fidelity is the go to. A good portion of the fidelity backers say the only upgrade Fidelity really needs is to get a cleaner UI and it will be a go to platform for a lot of investors. A few people are commenting saying that we should rally and get a sub going to get Fidelity’s attention to reshape their UI. Any help with writing a convincing post would be great, feel free to message me and we can get a group going for it.
PG&E: a Firesale DD
# Pacific Gas & Electric ($PCG)   This is my personal research into Pacific Gas & Electric Company. They have perpetuated evils on the environment and mankind. Not an endorsement- just some compiled findings.   None of this is financial advice, and is purely fiction.    MY FIRST DD AND ACTUALLY IDK WHAT I WANNA SAY BUT I RESEARCH A LITTLE SO LOOK IF U WANT, LET ME KNOW IF YOU GUYS HAVE ANY MORE TO ADD TO THIS CASE THANKS.     General Background   >Sector:   Utilities     Industry:   Electric Utilities     >   >PG&E Corp. is a holding company, which engages in generation, transmission, and distribution of electricity and natural gas to customers. It specializes in   energy  ,   utility  ,   power  ,   gas  ,   electricity  ,   solar and sustainability  .    >   >The company was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in San Francisco, CA.     PG&E has a large market cap coming in at $  And had a revenue of $   So why does it have such a negative cash flow?       A quick glance at the EBITDA also shows a glimmer of hope. But this metric can be misleading given the nature of the utility industry. Where depreciation and amortization can way heavy on their expenses, replacing power plants and equipment over their vast network is expensive.    The Compounding Risks   You may have heard of how catastrophic this company has been to the environment and people of CA.  >In the last nine years, California has seen a growing number of unnatural disasters that have taken the lives of more than 90 people and caused more than $40 billion in damages. They all have one element in common: They were caused by California’s largest investor-owned utility, Pacific Gas & Electric (PG&E).     The impacts of these events can be felt for decades. Litigation is expensive and also takes years.       For example:     In 2019 they paid $11B  for the California wildfires that torched wine country back in  2017 and for the   in 2018 that killed 85 people and destroyed the town of Paradise, CA.     The litigation expenses caught up with PG&E.    They filled chapter 11 bankruptcy on January 29th 2019.     What is chapter 11 bankruptcy, more specifically "debtor in possession"?   >Chapter 11 is typically used to reorganize a business, which may be a corporation, sole proprietorship, or partnership. A corporation exists separate and apart from its owners, the stockholders. The chapter 11 bankruptcy case of a corporation (corporation as debtor) does not put the personal assets of the stockholders at risk other than the value of their investment in the company's stock. A sole proprietorship (owner as debtor), on the other hand, does not have an identity separate and distinct from its owner(s). Accordingly, a bankruptcy case involving a sole proprietorship includes both the business and personal assets of the owners-debtors. Like a corporation, a partnership exists separate and apart from its partners. In a partnership bankruptcy case (partnership as debtor), however, the partners' personal assets may, in some cases, be used to pay creditors in the bankruptcy case or the partners, themselves, may be forced to file for bankruptcy protection.   >   >Section 1107 of the Bankruptcy Code places the debtor in possession in the position of a fiduciary, with the rights and powers of a chapter 11 trustee, and it requires the debtor to perform of all but the investigative functions and duties of a trustee. These duties, set forth in the Bankruptcy Code and Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure, include accounting for property, examining and objecting to claims, and filing informational reports as required by the court and the   trustee or bankruptcy administrator (discussed below), such as monthly operating reports. 11   §§ 1106, 1107; Fed. R. Bankr. P. 2015(a). The debtor in possession also has many of the other powers and duties of a trustee, including the right, with the court's approval, to employ attorneys, accountants, appraisers, auctioneers, or other professional persons to assist the debtor during its bankruptcy case. Other responsibilities include filing tax returns and reports which are either necessary or ordered by the court after confirmation, such as a final accounting. The   trustee is responsible for monitoring the compliance of the debtor in possession with the reporting requirements.     Chapter 11 bankruptcy is going to come with added risks.    The ability to develop, consummate, and implement a plan of reorganization with respect to PG&E Corporation and the Utility during the Chapter 11 Cases that satisfies all applicable legal requirements, including the requirements of AB 1054;   The ability to develop and obtain applicable Bankruptcy Court, creditor, and regulatory approval of a successful plan of reorganization and the effect of any alternative proposals, views, and objections of official committees, creditors, state and federal regulators, and other stakeholders, which may make it difficult to develop and consummate a successful plan of reorganization in a timely manner and by June 30, 2020;   The risk that the Note-holder RSA, the Subrogation RSA, the TCC RSA or the PSAs could be terminated; So far there is compelling evidence that there are a number of headwinds going forward.  These are 3 out of 17 risks PG&E is recognizing, with the possibility of more unseen risks.       What's next?   So far there is compelling evidence of significant headwinds in PG&E's recovery.  1. Continuing litigations and settlements are costly. 2. Debt restructuring will come with its own risks.   As a result of the wildfires Public Safety Power Shutoff was created.    M A G I C   K A R P   T O   T H E   R E S C U E ! ! !      January 19th, 2021    PG&E signed a multi-year, multi-million dollar contract with Palantir to provide Foundry software.  >Pacific Gas and Electric Company (PG&E) has initiated deployment of Palantir’s Foundry software to provide a single, integrated platform to give decision-makers a real-time, complete operational picture.   >   >The use of this novel technology, in its early stages of deployment, has already enabled PG&E to make effective, timely, data-driven decisions related to its Public Safety Power Shutoff program and is intended to further inform its wildfire risk mitigation programs and initiatives in the future.   >   >“Our engagement with California’s largest investor-owned utility underlines our commitment to increasing safety and reliability for customers and communities across the region,” said Olivier Farache, Palantir’s Head of Utility Sector and Senior Advisor to the CEO. “It shows our Foundry software can power data-driven decisions that aim to improve service delivery.”     The increasing size and magnitude of PG&E's operation innately led to an increase in disasters.   & Corruption within the company have slowed recovery and any efforts towards lasting change on its infrastructure.    With the use of Foundry this could be the start of less wildfires and a more efficient utility company.   The road ahead is a tough one for PG&E. But its tempting when its stock price is at levels we have not seen since 1999. And when debt restructuring + Foundry software could change the long term out look of the company.     The play?    Bull case: Foundry significantly helps mitigate disasters and debt restructuring is approved quickly...   $17c Expiring December 17th    Currently (Jan 29th, 2021) they are priced at $    Greeks:          (I am not a financial advisor. Not currently holding $PCG but plan to make this play. I LOVE PALANTIR.)
My take on an intuitive explanation of the current state of GME
I just had to devise this explainer for the financially less literate/ time squeezed (lol) people in my life. It's totally independent of how anything works, 100% what & 0% how:    Hedge funds participated in an infinite risk strategy  . Anyone who has taken finance 101 (their entire risk management department) or can   illegal, excessive amounts of infinite risk  . On the other side of that arrangement are the shareholders, holding the hedge funds to it with their   .
DELETE ROBINHOOD & BOYCOTT AS SOON AS YOU CLOSE YOUR POSITIONS!
DELETE ROBINHOOD & BOYCOTT AS SOON AS YOU CLOSE YOUR POSITIONS!  These disgusting crooks have taken the market manipulation to a new level. When the small guys win, it’s war.   If you don’t already know, Citadel is a hedge fund that (ran) Melvin Capital Management.  Citadel owns Robinhood. The blatant restriction of trading stocks and crypt0 is a clear sign that Robinhood does not give a fuck about you, your tendies, or any other trader on their platform. Greasing the pockets of the wealthy is much higher on their list than ensuring traders a fair, open, competitive market.  The only way to win this battle is to boycott Robinhood, and any subsidiaries of Citadel LLC. Furthermore, we must file SEC complaints, and sue Robinhood. (Which we have already started!) We can not allow the rich, greedy, immoral tendie-thieves in power to thrive once again.  Like they did in 2008.  This is a monumental economical achievement, which will be written about in the history books. We took down a greedy, overreaching hedge fund.   But the fight is not over. This is bigger than Citadel. This is about the continuous market manipulation that is allowed to go on behind our backs, while the   continue to thrive and prosper.   We are 6,000,000 retards strong. This literally CANNOT go tits up. So H0DL or not, get your tendies, get your armor, and prepare to fight against the establishment.
Can shorts actually afford to pay out a MOASS situation? Let's discuss how this actually plays out, the impact on the broader market, and some alternative plays (SPY puts?)
I am trying to think through this GME squeeze thing and am having a hard time wrapping my mind around how this actually plays out and we get away with a win and money in our pockets. I have not seen much discussion about this even in posts that are very knowledgeable about why this MOASS should happen.  I have a full grasp of the concept, I’ve been in it since November. My biggest problem though is where does our money actually come from if a serious, monster squeeze goes down?  And, should those of us with other holdings be buying SPY puts as a hedge, or as a cheaper correlated MOASS play?    How do we get our money?    In the situation being kicked around across the internet with people demanding 1k, 5k even saying 30k a share.. I’m thinking “ok but who can actually pay that cold hard cash that I can then take out to buy a house?”  The answer is of course the hedge funds by liquidating their positions elsewhere, using all the cash in their reserves and going bankrupt. So first off, wouldn't this cause a drop elsewhere like an immediate sector rotation as they panic sell? And maybe the situation isn’t that dire and paying the squeeze is doable by these funds- but maybe someone can confirm if they actually have that sort of money?  But then the next leap is if they can’t pay then the money comes from who? MMs and brokers who sold the positions? Will the same people who shut us out of the market actually pay that? And if so, where does that come from- the same place of liquidating? Or if they spend all their dry powder on this, doesn’t that shake the market?  Basically- wouldn’t the true, ultimate MOASS crash the stock market? Am I being crazy here?    Outcomes Breakdown    That brings me to- should we be hedging our other positions/sneakily playing the GME squeeze with puts? Here are some outcomes I've thought through:    Situation 1: I am over stating this, shorts have the money in their reserves and can take loans etc and will cover if they have to- they just don't want to. Or there is no squeeze as they wait it out and escape. Loss on puts, possible loss on GME   Situation 2: We are stuck at this level more or less for a few weeks or experience a TSLA-like melt up. People continue to sell other positions to move into impending squeeze, big buyers get wary of volatility and move to cash short term- small dip in SPY and GME is a slow tendie cooker.   Situation 3: squeeze happens soon and violently, hedges fire sale to cover, there is an immediate medium but short market dip.   Situation 4: hedges are bankrupted in a day or two of the MOASS and still have a ton left to cover, money has to come from elsewhere. Funds are pulled by big boys to pay out the losses. Robinhood and small brokers go bankrupt. Chaos and loss of confidence in the markets- large market dip/actual financial crisis??   and my least favorite, Situation 5: if it’s true the MOASS would crash the market and that’s why they blocked it from happening this week, won’t they shut down the market before they let it happen? In this scenario, they close the market for the day, get the shorts to agree with GME management to issue millions of shares at a set rate they can afford, then tell all of us “get fucked, you don’t deserve to profit off a short squeeze but now you have shares in a fundamentally sound company which you said you like so you should be happy?” Gme goes down to its “real value,” GME management gets billions to work with, maybe they give us a juicy dividend and become a gaming powerhouse, spy life goes on. Long term hold so not an absolute disaster, but ouch. Lots of anger.  As a last thought- If someone smarter than me steps in and says “yes it’s true, there is no way there is enough money to pay anything over $1k/share outstanding and that is totally where we are going,” does that change our strategy? Because isn’t it better for us all to have $1k a share in hand than an IOU for 20k/share that will never be paid by a bankrupt hedge fund and bankrupt Robinhood, and a class action suit that goes nowhere? Plus it hurts us all to crash the market for real.  Open to any discussion on this end game.    TLDR:   Would a MOASS crash the market because hedge funds and whoever else ends up responsible needs to pull money from elsewhere? And if so, should we be hedging or even buying cheap correlated plays through SPY puts? Lastly- if that is the case, we need to think about if the powers that be would let that happen, and how they would actually handle it.  Not financial advice. Positions- 272 GME shares, 2 spy put, 370 feb 3.
How does this script end?
There will be a movie made someday real soon about what you crazy beautiful bastards have done.  The question that is still playing out in live time is, how does that movie end?  Does it end with the Gamestop price crashing, slowly going down, or does the line hold and you guys really show the power you have!  Everyone of you apes holding Gamestop is writing the script to YOUR movie.  So how will it end?  Up to you.  The world is watching.
ONE WILL FALL
Sideline autist question about short interest over 100% - can the same share be short sold more than once?
I have been reading all the DD about the GME short interest being more than the entire float of the stock.   The main explanation given for how that comes is naked shorts.   What I want to understand is whether the same actual share can be sorted multiple times.   For simplicity let’s assume no one has instructed their broker not to lend their shares.   Let’s take an example where we have:  -	(A) - long GME -	(B) - short GME -	(C) - wants to buy GME -	(D) - wants to short GME  (A) has bought 1 GME share.   (A)’s broker has lent the share to (B) to short sell it.   (C) buys the 1 share in GME. (C) has no idea that the share they are buying was sold to them by a short seller.   Can (C)’s broker now lend that share to (D) to short it?  If not - why not? Forgetting any philosophical position around short selling overall, (C) has paid full price for a share, they should be able to make money by lending it.   And what technical mechanism prevents this?  If yes, how are issues like voting and dividends dealt with. There is only one share but now two people own it - that doesn’t magically create 2 votes and 2 dividends.  EDIT - We like the stock! I thought that went without saying. Also, this is not financial advice. Because it is a question mainly.
MESSAGE TO FUTURE PAPER HANDS
When we finally see GME     there will be paper hands who will sell at some price points on the way. Most of them will be unretarded GME holders who are holding most of GME floats right now and don't share our love for the stock. Some of them will be fellow retards who have to give their dog surgery or put their girlfriends boyfriend through college, some of them may be you. Whatever the reason you will put up a sell order there is one thing to remember.    WHILE IT IS IMPORTANT STOCK GOES UP IT IS EVEN MORE IMPORTANT STOCK DOESNT GO ALL THE WAY DOWN    This      will keep flying as long as it doesn't hit the low price points that let hedges buy out their shorts. This means that even when GME drops at some point, as long as it doesn't drop low enough for hedges to cover, the fuel will keep coming. There is an easy way to keep this up.    IF AT ANY POINT YOU FUCK UP AND SELL STOCK PUT DOWN A LOWER BUY ORDER AT THE SAME TIME    As far as we know, hedges need to cover shorts at the < $320 range. If GME rockets to $1000 for example, and you need some cash to not starve to death and sell a share at $1000, immediately put down a buy order above $320. That way even if the stock falls a bit because of your paper hands, it will cushion at the new buy orders and start climbing back up.    IF EVERYONE WHO SELLS PUTS A BUY ORDER AT A PRICE POINT THE STOCK CANNOT FALL BELOW THAT PRICE POINT    I have no idea what is coming the next week or maybe even the next month. Maybe you retards crash the world economy. Maybe the stock will shoot high up and fall back down for a bit. I don't think however that the stock will tank all the way down to tens of $. There are too many of you retards who have bought up GME, locked it in a vault of your autism and thrown away the key. In normal stocks when price falls, people panic and sell until there is nothing left. You retards don't know how to sell and there is way too many of you.  Also I don't fucking know what I'm talking about. I bought my first stock yesterday. This is not financial advice. I'm just a retard. If you listen to me, you're an even bigger retard  tl;dr: BUY GME, HOLD GME  if       -> BUY GME AGAIN, HOLD GME
Hedgefunds are still betting against you. Infact, they're doubling down
I am not a financial advisor and this is not financial advice.   Their profile on you says you'll lose attention, you'll get bored and you'll move on to the next hype stock. It says you'll respond to high volatility by selling. It says you're out of reserves and that this is the maximum force that you can exert.  HFs used the time during their illegal shutdown of buying, and subsequent short ladder, to buy back about 16M shares. But s3 still estimates short interest is still $  billion;   shares shorted;   SI as a % of float (s3 data). They've doubled down!! They still own a reckless and irresponsible position. They're gambling with grandma's 401k, not you.   Yes they're reloading shorts at higher prices. They're continuing to bet against you. This is a war of attrition and they believe they can outlast and out muscle you.  Do what you need to do for you and your family. I won't offer advice on exit points or blame anyone for taking their profits.   But I'm not holding, I'm buying.    Disclosure: I'm a smoothbrain who trys to make sense of things with data and am no finance person. Position 100 @ 188 avg   PS:          🌕🌕🌕
CRSR GANG RIDING TO VAHALLA
If your broker does not do in-house clearing (RH , WeBull, TastyTrade, Sofi, CashApp, Stash) you really should switch to one that does (TD, Fidelity, Vanguard, Schwab, Etrade, Merrill)
This has been posted before, but some people are still asking if they should switch to Webull from Rh, I see people recommending SoFi and TastyTrade too. No! Don’t do it. You need to switch to an established broker that has in-house clearing.   Here is a list of which brokers use which clearing houses.      If it says “Apex” - stay the hell away. If it says Self clearing: No - stay the hell away.   __ I know Rh is now self-clearing, but they do not have anywhere close to the required liquidity to handle the current volumes - so stay the hell away.__  It doesn’t matter if you are GME or AMC gang or if you don’t plan on owning any of the meme stocks. Liquidity issues will effect other stocks too. Robinhood had to limit stocks like AMD, GM and even Starbucks. They can not keep up. Most of those other brokers also use the same clearing house - Apex Clearing. That’s a lot of volume to handle. They will be the weak link in the chain that causes the whole system to fail. They already did on Thursday. All the sketchy  shit pulled by various brokers was a direct result of Apex’s inability to keep up with demand.   TLDR - find your broker on   and if they say “self clearing -no” then you really should switch to a broker that is self-clearing  This is is not financial advice, just my opinion. I like the stock    __DO NOT TRANSFER THE STOCK YOU PLAN ON SELLING IN THE NEXT FEW DAYS OFF RH OR OTHER PLACES. TRANSFERS CAN TAKE OVER A WEEK TO GO THROUGH__
From an Economics & Finance graduate, thank you.
I lurk reddit and very rarely post, but I want to say that I'm following what's been happening in the past months and I HAVE to give you a big fucking thank you. After all the years of studying, I'm fucking glad you're just exposing the stupid bullshit that is financial analysis and all that retarded stuff. I love how you ripped the mask off of the "free market" showing how everyone only cares about the big fishes while thinking we're only here for the crumbs. You're the fucking plankton and now you're the ones eating the whale.  Keep doing what you're doing, buy, hold and get to fucking GN-z11. Let them keep studying their equilibrium hypotheses, perfect their algorithms and get their shitty Nobels, but remember that the system has never and will never be about that. It's been rigged from the start and the people has always been on the losing end of it when the big bois fucked up. Then they'd get the trillion government aid while average Joe was struggling to make ends meet. Now it's payback time.  You just went from retard memes to retard kings
Short Squeeze Explanation for Dummies
Mods please don’t delete this! I am trying to educate all the new people on our situation here.  • Let’s say 5 bananas current cost $10          /💲🔟  • One ape on the market has 5 bananas               • Snake asks to borrow 5 bananas for a bit and instead sells the 5 bananas thinking price will go down soon (shorting). Snake thinks he can buy them later for a lower price and give them back to ape (so he makes profit on the difference).   💭📉            • Group of apes notice what stupid snakes are doing and decide to buy all bananas on the market until snakes have no other choice then to buy from the group of apes in order to return what the borrowed.   🦧   🦧              🤣🤣  • If group of apes stay strong then price will go up!     🦧     📈
From The Daily Reckoning Newsletter
How Dare the Serfs Play Our Game!  Wall Street and the politicos who profiteer as insiders are naturally horrified by both developments:  1. That the curtain of how super-wealthy insiders and their only the wealthy can play entities such as hedge funds have manipulated markets behind the curtain for decades, leading to an unprecedented economic inequality in which the top 10% skim fully 97% of all income from capital. To have their game hijacked by a bunch of young gamers is beyond appalling to the New Nobility, who firmly believe their insider manipulations were the exclusive preserve of their crowd in the castle.  2. Not only are the mechanisms of manipulation now visible to all, an unruly rabble of commoners has ganged together to play their own version of the speculative game of skimming staggering profits from a rigged "market." How dare they!  No wonder the skimmers and scammers and political refuse that passes for "leadership" in today's America are shocked, shocked by the open and openly gleeful democratized speculation that (like cryptocurrencies) is enriching the wrong people,   commoners.  It's as if the debt-serfs, tax donkeys and decapitalized peasants stormed the castle at night and broke open the jewel box and the stash of c , and proceeded to swing from the chandeliers, mocking the self-serving privileged who'd been pillaging the nation for decades via their legalized looting.  Where do these developments lead? An interesting question. Unfortunately for Wall Street insiders and their political-scum apologists, we can't unsee the levers behind the curtain.
It all started with a few dollars and a dream and a year later we here . They owe me 6k and I’m coming for everything they owe me . We ride at sun break Monday morning
People are beginning to solicit posters in threads for cash with sob stories. They may be real, they may not, but the sub should be aware that it is happening.
I have received at least 3 now from various users.  I'm not going to make a judgement on the truthiness of any case - you should should disregard these completely.  For fear of coming off as having a tinfoil hat - it's definitely possible these people are being engaged to spread different kinds of FUD and pull on the heart strings of many masses of empathic apes here that are in this to  ✊ ✊ .  It is impossible to know.  Please be careful.  Btw, 29 shares @ 285.  I fucking live this stonk.   ✊ ✊
A Response to RobinHood's Blog Post: Caught In a Lie
Yesterday, RobinHood released a short blog post as well as a social media post:    The reason they claimed users were only able to buy a limited amount of shares or trading was restricted was because of "clearinghouse-mandated deposit requirements related to equities \[increasing\] ten-fold". Basically, when you buy and sell shares, it goes through a clearinghouse, which connects the buyer and seller. The clearinghouse requires the broker to put down a certain deposit based on a number of factors, and robinhood is claiming they couldn't pay for the deposit, thus they had to restrict the buying of shares of certain stocks.  But when volatility increases, many brokers decided to a) not restrict trading or b) increase margin requirements. This seems like the logical choice, no? Instead of barring users from trading, or trading very little, instead, you can increase margin requirements to cover the cost of the deposit.  They also posted this a full day after locking down trading, and yet only selling was allowed? Firstly, if you're going to lock down trading, at least let the users know why immediately after you put the restriction in place. Second, if you can't cover the deposit, then why are you allowing selling? If you claim that you're locking down trading due to "extreme volatility to protect customers" then why are you only allowing selling?  Not only that, but you also forcibly sold customers positions on margin, and sold options before market close on the expiry date.  This whole situation seems very fabricated. Not very happy with robinhood, and I've already moved my money out a long time ago for other sketchy stuff robinhood does.  Edit: if you're unsure where to move to,  .
What’s happening with RobinHood?
What’s happening with   RobinHood  ?  This is a “  plumbing  ” issue.       Warning  : this is a  very  long thread autists/comrades. But keep reading and you can find out how bad the toilet was clogged.🚽 🪠  Read on👇👇👇      👇👇👇        TLDR: You are   not   RobinHood's customers,  Citadel is , you are the   product  . Since they make no commission from your trades, the majority of it comes from selling your trading data to the  sharks .   The CEO straight lied on television that they didn't have a liquidity problem as they raised more money the next day. If this week's madness had anything to prove, it is that they fumbled this one   hard  . It is time to get your money out of RobinHood and into other more reputable brokerages (links below). I understand if you are still  🤲 $GME shares on a cash account. HOLD!      If possible, fund a new account and start divesting from your RobinHood account.  edit: spacing in the paragraph was weird.
Insight from a former GameStop store manager
This is not advice, merely insight based on mu relevant past experience. I worked for the company for over 4 years,   of which as a store manager. I’m not a financial advisor, just a lowly retard with my 2 shares bought at around $300.  Just a point of interest: GameStop makes almost nothing from new game/console sales. The absolute best thing that you can do for the company from a business perspective is bring some stuff to trade, get the membership, and buy used. It also helps the employees there as they are HEAVILY pressured to meet these quotas.  This will probably get deleted anyway.  Riding my 2 shared to Valhalla, intending to get more on Monday. 🖖🏻 🖖🏻  Edit: Um wait is that a gold?! Thank you so much!
Local Pay It Back Ideas
Edited to add: HOLD HOLD HOLD! NOT encouraging anyone to sell.  Talk to your mechanic/tire shop find out if they know a working family with bald tires you can help be safe on the road.  School principals know who is coming to school in shoes with holes in the winter.  Community summer   have scholarships and they will know which families can only send their kids for a week or two due to finances.   Oncology center social workers know who's financially barely making it through treatment or someone who would be ecstatic over an unexpected Door Dash Friday night meal.   Every community has homes for women after incarceration or addiction, helping them learn how to hold jobs, manage their finances, etc, with the hope of reunifying families.  Most states have some sort of Grandparents Raising Grandchildren association. They know who is in their 60s and 70s raising children alone on Social Security and can use money for sports equipment or orthodontia or a night off from cooking.  Regional spinal injury centers will know who badly needs a new wheelchair or other adaptive equipment they cannot afford.   Most communities have a foster/adoptive family group that tries to keep supplies for children suddenly removed from home. They often come with nothing and the foster families have a lot of immediate needs.   Every Hospice will know of a caretaker spouse that could use a sitter once a week so they could get a full night's sleep.  Feel free to add to this post. I bet we could get a pretty good list going if everyone adds their ideas.  -Proud member of the 2 share club
COO possibly suggesting they will beat earnings
I randomly met one of you retards in real life yesterday.
Aloha autists,  Yesterday I was in the airport of a city thousands of miles from my home. I saw a guy scrolling / laughing to himself and I thought… “You know, this guy looks a little retarded - I wonder…”  I approached cautiously. Still from afar, like a true creep I spied on his screen - Even from a distance I could tell that he was, indeed on reddit. After a moment, he looked up. I simply said:  “WSB?” “YEAH!”  It was 100% a little weird at first, but honestly, we felt a kind of kinship immediately - and although I have felt like part of something special over the last few weeks, actually meeting one of you dummies in real life hit different.  We talked a bit about our positions (ha), how we helped save a movie theater chain. History being written. Balance of power shift. What it all means. etc. etc. etc.  As much as we joke here at WSB, yesterday was a perspective shift for me. I usually think of you guys as a bunch of faceless (if entertaining) internet fairies with impeccable foul language.  But yesterday I boarded a plane bound for home with a new friend from thousands of miles away and it made me understand that there are 6 (wait, now 7 holy shit) MILLION living, breathing people with names, faces, and stories out there. We're all doing something important together.  It was really significant moment for me - and I’d be stoked if there was a way I could help more of us experience it.  I’m so proud to be one of you retards.  Shine on diamond hands. See you Monday.
A possibility for the next couple of weeks that I haven't seen many people consider.
This is speculation, not advice. I'm not a financial expert. This is my personal opinion on what might happen with $GME in the next two weeks, based wholly on guesswork.  There's a very good chance there's something that I don't fully understand about the situation and thus I may be talking out of my ass here .  A lot of people are expecting big moves in the coming weeks- possibly as early as Monday or Tuesday. It's definitely possible that we'll see some crazy stuff go down.  That said, I personally am considering a different possibility- that we'll see a repeat of Friday, where the price stays largely level and stable the whole time. Maybe a couple of smaller dips and peaks here or there, to make things seem realistic, but perhaps $GME might close out in the low to mid $300s all week.  Why might this happen? Well, clearly they realize by now that manipulating the market to artificially drive the price down does not induce panic sell-offs like they thought it would. The more they try to stomp the price down, the angrier and more ardent people get about holding that precious, precious stock.  So- and, again, this is where the speculation comes in- they might try keeping things nice and level. They might be at a point where they're realizing that buying back those shorts at $300 each is a lot better for them than $10,000. How to convince people to sell at $300, though? Just hold the market stable. People have short attention spans, and after a week of massive moves, seeing the price hover within a $20 range might bore a lot of people. Not only that, but the longer this goes on, the more the average person might be inclined to believe that $300 is the real price target for $GME after all.  It's just a thought. I could be totally wrong here.    TL;DR  : MM and hedgies might manipulate the situation in the coming weeks to slow things down and make it seem like $300 is the real top for $GME, thus people could start selling not wanting to miss out on what they think is the "peak". They know forcing the price down doesn't work, so they could very well try to hold it steady instead. This is purely speculation and not advice, and I could be wrong about this whole thing.
When I saw that there was record levels of de-grossing being undertaken at hedge funds.
Went from -$6000 to +$2M in $GME and I AINT SELLING till gme hits $5000+ 🤚
At the age of 30 I lost 3,  from 4,  then held through the dip stay strong my fellow apes
GME - Know your Enemy
Before you begin reading, flick on the song by Rage against the machine - Know your Enemy  Done? Good now start reading...     This list is a work in progress but I had to make something because I got tired of trying to remember what shit company to avoid and what person is screwing us over while pretending to be our friend. So below is a list, an uncompleted list but a list none the less. Please help me finish it!    The obvious foes:      Melvin Capital   Citadel LLC and firm partners - invested $2 billion into Melvin   Point72 Asset Management's - invested $750 million into Melvin   RobinHood   Citron Research and Andrew Left   Citadel Securities  Next song, Rage against the Machine - Guerrilla Radio    The not so obvious foes:      CNBC - FUD spreader   Jim Cramer - FUD spreader, 'don't go for the homerun'   Steve Cohen (the billionaire owner of the New York Mets) and 'I'm just trying to make a living'     Google - taking down bad reviews of Robinhood   Leon Cooperman - billionaire boomer, hedge fund backer, "The reason the market is doing what it’s doing is people are sitting at home getting their checks from the government, okay, and this fair share is a bullshit concept.”   Any media spreading FUD and not covering the real story (please post who with links)   Every Mother F'in brokerage firm that shut down to retail while the big guys covered their asses:      Trading212      Toro      E-Trade      Charles Schwab      Merrill Lynch (Bank of America)      Trade Republic (German)      Commsec      Stockpile      Alpaca      source:       Now you know who to question and/or what company to avoid.       Allies:      You   The person watching this unfold who was destroyed by the 08 recession while Hedge Funds and Banks got bailed out while they suffered alone.  This isn't about money!     Further reading :    This is a work in progress so please comment with sources as to who should be added. Or conversely removed.  GME army holds strong!  I LIKE THIS STOCK!
You can get a ticket on a   to the   for the same price as a ticket to the movies! $AMC breakout coming.
I've been over this a couple times, and I'm sure I will again, but I want to make sure you smooth brained autists get the message!  Friday AMC stock close: $  Basically, the same price as a movie ticket.  Here's the data:  1. Stock float (Shares available to be traded):       2. Short float (percent of shorted shares):       3. Average trading volume (Shares traded in a day) including this week's activity:       4. Friday's trading volume (with buy restrictions in place):   594,653,177   5. Short price   $     Now you have the data, here's the point...  Short ration is still well over  ! That means these bastards aren't giving up. They want to see the stock drop below $ , crush the company, and kill the largest employer of high school deadbeats in the country. Some short positions are moving out, but not many. Even with platforms buy restrictions in place the daily volume was 7x the average.   Aside from the financials, people will be flooding movie theaters soon! People who haven't been to a theater in years will be piling in to see Top Gun 2, The Matrix 4, etc.   BECAUSE THEY CAN!   Movie theaters were taken away from all of us and people will be going back simply because there was a time they couldn't!   The stronger you    the harder you can squeeze!  I like the stock. I am autist ape, not a financial advisor. Not financial advise. Just my opinion, blah blah blah... Ape strong together!  tl/dr: AMC to $50!
You must be some sort of    bitch if you think I'm takin this profit. The sell orders are for   and   If only I had 8 more shares on diarRHea.
Why this is different than the Volkswagen Squeeze of 2008
If you haven't figured it out by now, WE control the destiny of this squeeze.     If you have looked into the short squeeze on VW in 2008, you would know that it was Porsche who onset this squeeze by announcing on SUNDAY, October 26, 2008, that they had acquired a \~ 74% interest in the company including \~   in cash-settled options.       Because Porsche was quietly building their position in VW, counterparties knew it would cause observable upward pressure on the stock price and decided they needed to hedge their written positions by buying the underlying stock. They also found that they could reduce their hedging costs by lending the underlying to short sellers.       At this point, there was only \~   float due to Porsche's \~   combined with   hedges by Porsche counterparties and \~21% protective stake held by the State of Lower Saxony. At the same time, short interest on the stock was around 13%. The short sellers were essentially in an infinite squeeze.     The difference HERE is that Porsche held the cards. They offered to settle positions on \~5% of their positions to allow short sellers to meet their obligations. They made a KILLING - estimates are between $6bn - $12bn on much less short interest.     This whole play was PORSCHE. PORSCHE decided when they wanted to take THEIR profits to benefit THEMSELVES. Fair Play.      BUT what is happening right now, THIS is potentially a MASS redistribution of wealth that has NEVER been SEEN BEFORE. REMEMBER THIS!!! This isn't one company making massive profits at the expense of Wall Street, this is THE PEOPLE, fighting   WINNING.     NOBODY has to sell, but THEY have to BUY! Remember that. $1000 is not the end game, THEY will come again with their scare tactics but the line CAN be HELD, WE saw it FRIDAY.  🤚🏼 🤚🏼... See you on the moon.                                    This is not financial advice or a recommendation, this is for entertainment purposes only.
Warning to all new retards YOU WILL lose money here if you stay after GME
This isnt some place where we pick stocks to squeeze it never was that and can never be that, GME is a BLUE MOON EVENT in the stock market, so fuck off with these posts about “yeeeooooooo guuuaays whats the next squeeze boyyyys” because fuck off its not happening.  WSB is magical but its not fucking magical.   I love everyone joining WSB, the more autists we have the more chance for diamond DD, but stfu we historically lose money here GUH!    Oh and if youre new to stocks consider learning at least fucking something about it before posting here holy  fuck go watch a youtube video its so damn easy.  Thats like trying to fucking post on   without ever going to the gym you autist.   Tldr: if ur a new account please use the fucking search bar and dont ask for advice this is a goddamn Wendy’s not a “decentralized hedge fund”  Edit: Gatekeeping is for pussies and we all deserve a cut of the action, just telling you that not all DD you will see here plays out like this. Many are actually losing bets that we have all paid wallstreet tuition to.  The true art of wallstreet bets is filtering out the bad DD and hindsight is 20/20  Double Edit for the super autists:   Lets avoid having a commie witch hunt on this sub please. Reddit has this amazing feature of clicking on the fucking dudes profile  where u can see if we are autistic or hedge fund  Triple Edit for the hedgecommie accuser trolls: if this bitch GME hits $2k, then I turn $1000 to   million cocksuckers and you bet im posting that gain porn.
NOK Literally going to the Moon
Featured on the Potato News Channel
JPM is long $SLV
What to expect over the next several days/weeks.
This is not investment advice.  This week has shown just how rigged the game really is for the average investor.   What we witnessed Thursday and Friday was sickening.   It’s no wonder hedge funds have always won in the past.   Questions that should be considered:  How much do hedge funds lose every day compared to how much would they lose by folding their hand?   Is there ever a scenario where they fold their hand?   What will drive the price up for gme going forward if restrictions are held indefinitely?   Monday will be absolute madness. We may break them. Probably not. I know this is extreme speculation but I do not think it’s out of the question for them to tank the stock market, cause a terrorism event etcZ   If you have positions in blue chip stocks or s&p, be wary.     🤚   🤚   🤚   Mathematically,  legally and fundamentally they will lose. We can’t stand for any more rule changes.  TLDR: hold don’t let hedges win at any cost.
YOUR AUTISM WILL BE WEAPONISED
There are now 7M of us in here, this growth is insane and the movement is incredible, but do not be fooled... there are a large number of plants🌱 and snakes now in here with us.  Who cares I hear you say, they only want to laugh along and run a bit of sentiment analysis on us, no harm in that right?    WRONG  .    THEY WANT YOUR AUTISM.    These motherfuckers will be attempting to bottle up our autistic tendencies and use them as a nuclear weapon to enrich themselves. Weaponized autism has been harnessed since the beginning of WSB but this latest event is up there with the discovery of Nuclear Fission and the invention of Chicken tenders. Please do not underestimate how crafty these slimy cunts will be now that our true power has been revealed to the world.  Significant resources will be directed and unleashed here (if it isn't already), I'm talking Cambridge Analytica/Nation-State bot farm level attacks to influence and control narratives, they will run clever and subtle social media strategies. Everything will be camouflaged as grassroots to lure us in and bite the poison apple.  We cannot let this happen but I'm afraid I do not come with answers or solutions, we need to crowdfund our defenses. We must be vigilant after this historical event plays out and we must protect the sub at all costs. This is about to become a real-life game of Among us.  Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate.   Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure.  TLDR - Fuck the plants 🌱, continue to send GME to the moon
What do you mean almost won....
Moving to TDA from RH. $AMC holds until I fucking die.
CRSR gang WHERE WE AT???? 50+ by earnings or death
a very serious discussion about things that need to be addressed asap
After some recent posts of mine and seeing comments and posts all around the sub I tried to gather everything into one post and I wrote this as fast as I could but holy shit, it is FUCKING INSANE to post an here now because of both the traffic and because my posts keep getting removed, wtf.   Mods, can you please pin this for some time? If not then I would need everyone else's support to get this post noticed for its various subjects. Thanks   1) A thank you to the mods for all their hard work with everything that has been going on.   2) The amount of people that have joined this sub. Okay I know the first thing people will do is check me. I got massacred by PRPL gang (fuck those mattresses), MSFT 200c, I saw GUH the day it was posted, and even IronyMan when his balls touched the ground. So why the young account? Well, it's because of the suspensions, this is my third account and I like my current username even though most of the time it does go tits up for me.   We went from   to 7M in the shortest period of time. This is ridiculous. Everywhere I am seeing those who make it pretty damn obvious that they just joined because they saw us on the news and don't know wtf is going on. It's annoying. Is there a way to filter out? Mods please let us know how we can help. I thought it was an excellent idea to make the sub private.   Read the comments in this post:    Also this post by  u/Jaker_20 is relevant for this point:    3) The international help. It was amazing to see people from all over the world aid by coming into agreement to flood the NYSE on GME, AMC, etc.  I thank you. We thank you.   4) Exiting various brokerages. How much handz are there in my diamonds? Let me tell you, I initiated a transfer out of RobinDaHood while holding GME and AMC when I bought shares in both AT THE TOP. DIAMOND FUCKING HANDZ. But yes, I would like to establish a clean list of all the brokerages that will be on our blacklist.   5) AMC holders, I will see you on the moon once my transfer is completed:     congrats you made it this far, I know you can't read   LASTLY  6) That spineless cunt with erectile dysfunction who tried to sell us. Why is he even walking? This man is slipping away with the image that he is behind all of us. We HAVE TO blast the fact that this man does not speak for us in any way shape or form. He is a disgrace, he is shameless, and we must make that known. He is a sleazy cunt that Alec Baldwin would call a "little pig"  Link:    END
Ode to the WSB
Of life’s grand pursuits, we question what we have done. In shaping a future left better for everyone.  As Frost forth set the two roads in the Wood. The lesson of choice must first be understood.  Strive divergence from a society so easily impressed. Before us lies opportunity to put our will to the test.  Mine not those that cast doubt and channel resistance. They will proclaim this path taken as some kind of penance.  Hold steady diamond hand, for here is where we make our stand.  Neither predetermined or accepted as some kind of sentence. But chosen knowing its end is what will make all the difference.   TL;DR Remember the battle of GME autists, may it’s legend live for eternity. Do not forget the why, or the how. United we stand for change and a better future.
What (probably) happened with Robinhood and how Vlad Simpnev was left with no good options.
Robinhood operates via a clearinghouse that essentially just trades shares with itself, permitting them to essentially trade at whatever price they want. RH was actually investigated and the SEC confirmed the company had been misinforming and misleading investors in inaccurately reflecting market prices in the app, costing individual investors millions of dollars (at least).    It’s also been questioned whether these shares are actually even hitting the market, as noted by some well established professionals like Erik Townsend. The validity of this is beyond the scope of my knowledge.   Assuming all this information is true, we can assume that Citadel or subsidiaries/partners (say, short sellers or other large clearinghouse partners) owned a large part if not all these shares, simply trading them back and forth in a room of their own, disconnected from the market itself, at prices that may not reflect the true price of the stock. As we continued to buy and hold, some sold for MASSIVE profits, Citadel, and the shorts began to lose on their positions, meanwhile Robinhood was making just cents on every trade, while paying out said MASSIVE profits.   It was at this point the house of cards began to fall. The clearinghouse is forced to sell and buy in the actual open market as shares continued to be lost to the retail investors, in tandem with the SEC probe from earlier, it spoiled their scheme to scrape cash off the top of these trades. Without this scheme running, and with a mass portion of RH investors turning to only a handful of stocks, RH likely found themselves losing ENORMOUS amounts of cash. As stated by Vlad Simpnev himself they had to take out lines of credit to support this shitty system.   Ultimately, RH found themselves in a position where if  they don’t do anything they will likely not be able cover the payouts to their investors bagging 10K-10M every other minute of the day. Moreover, in this instance their clearinghouse may well have lost ungodly amounts of cash or worse (bankruptcy), thus leaving RH without a clearinghouse as well. The alternative is what they chose, restrict all trading on this handful of stocks to try and reestablish order in their shitty system while also essentially bailing their clearinghouse out of billions in losses, thus “saving” the company.   TLDR; delete Robinhood their business model is absolute shit, just like their CEO. They will continue to restrict, and may even go bankrupt without the ability to pay out your investing account.   PS: VLAD, CITADEL, AND EVERYONE ELSE INVOLVED IS A CRIMINAL
Ben Bernake, Former Chair of the Federal Reserve during 2008 financial crisis, is a Senior Advisor for Citadel.
Here’s the thing to remember when you hear shit like “but lots of people are gonna lose money on $GME!”: The market makers SURVIVE by cannibalizing small traders every. fucking. day.
Yes, eventually someone will buy the top of the stock, as with every stock.  But I’m happily holding my handful of shares at $400, even if that’s the top (spoiler:  it’s not ).      Because this is about more than a profit now, this is a war on those same smug assholes who were drinking c  while we were wondering where our next bag of ramen came from.  This is about finally sticking it to those narcissistic cunts who always reply “just stick your money in a mutual fund, you can’t win” when asked about investing.  This is about a win for the poor little autistic kid who always got picked last in sports while Chaz Chaddington went on to get a bullshit business degree and a cushy job at his dad’s firm.       Fuck you funds and market makers .  Individual retail traders lose money and go broke every day because they fall into the iron pincers of your market orders and manipulation games.      Get this:   we don’t care if we lose money at this point, as long as you do too  .      I’ve never felt so strongly about an investment before in my life.  Because next week the world will see that even $billionaires can bleed.
How to really fuck the hedge funds: educate the world about how you can outperform the hedge funds and why hedge funds will always eventually screw the investors
Basically, hedge funds are evaluated on their quarterly or yearly performance. Therefore, they employ strategies that will yield the best returns on a quarterly or yearly basis.   Why is this bad?  Because while they can make money 99 quarters out of 100, during that that 1 quarter where they lose money they lose all of it.   That means your investments may increase 10-20% a year or whatever boomer gains they promise you, and continue to do so for several years, but one black swan event will pretty much wipe you out.   For example:   1999 = everyone wiped the fuck out  2008 = everyone wiped the fuck out  2020 = everyone wiped the fuck out  The hedge fund managers are fine though, because they got paid fat bonuses every quarter while delivering those boomer gains while exposing you to more and more risks.   And Wall Street? Wall Street gets bailed out. Every time. The people who gambled the economy away is rewarded whether they win or lose.   What we ought to do is educate people on where to find the tools and resources that will help them make more money than investing in hedge funds. Persuade people to withdraw from hedge funds and become a retail investor.   Also, when hedge funds do shitty things like trying to destroy a company which employs thousands of minimum wage employees during a fucking pandemic, we catch those hedge funds with their pants down (edit: by exposing them)  It doesn’t matter if you’re a liberal or a conservative, straight or gay, religious or atheistic, black or white, old or young, smooth brained or wrinkly brained... we have a common enemy and its name is Big Money.       my brothers and sisters
4750 @ 91
As promised, here is my    DD. I am fully prepared for 🐂🍆. Bring it.
Okay genius, we’ve heard the    saying crash imminent for years. Why should we listen?    Truth be told, you probably shouldn’t. I am a contrarian style investor, and I missed the contrarian signal in March, and entered the uptrend again way too late. If you read my post history, you will see a lot of bad calls and terrible advice (with hindsight, that is). That is why this is not investment advice in any shape or form. I am just as retarded as the next guy. I think, however, I might contribute some things that might not be common knowledge on WSB, and I really miss the good old DD posts amid the whole wsb-goes-vigilante-activist-investor vibe.    Okay, I am retarded and can barely read. Give me some bullet points before I zone out?    My main points:   1.	The main narrative is way too one sided, and everyone’s a bull.   a.	Remember when everyone was a bear back in March? Yeah, contrarian indicators are a thing. I missed it then and lost most of my gains from the ride down trying to call a top for the “bulltrap”.   b.	USD shorts and treasury shorts are insanely large (historic record highs a couple of weeks ago), betting on a huge inflation spike any time now…   c.	Market euphoria and bullishness is also insanely high – all the bears have gone into hibernation.   2.	Everyone believes “money printing” and “stimulus” creates growth and inflation, even though there is no proof of this happening in Japan, Europe, the US or anywhere else for the last 13 years.    3.	Magic crayons and market fundamentals agree that this rally has gotten way ahead of itself.   a.	There is a massive RSI divergence between the top back in Feb 2020 and the 2021 top.    b.	Valuations are pricing in perfection for nearly every company for the foreseeable future.    Okay, genius. I’ve heard it all before. Jay Powell has our back, bulls have nothing to fear.    Does he, really? The Wall Street narrative is “don’t fight the Fed”, and it has become a self-fulfilling prophecy ever since the (in)famous “Greenspan put”. How many of you actually paid attention back in Feb-March? Jpow didn’t just fire one bazooka and made everything fine. He needed multiple tries, and for a while there, the market did NOT care one bit what he did to rates or what insane number he pulled out of his ass for Super-QE. When the bears had exhausted themselves and passive flows started saving the day, the narrative changed into “Fed saves the day, once again”, and there was much rejoicing.    But QE is creating a wave of liquidity, “sloshing around”, propping up stocks! The financial media told me so!    As many of the less retarded members of this subreddit may have noticed by now, the financial media is not your friend, and they have no idea what they’re talking about most of the time. It’s all talking points they get from their favorite Wall Street or Fed sources.   What if I told you the whole “money printing” thing was just a lie? Because it is, and demonstrably so. Sure, the Federal Reserve prints money. They print physical money. The US currently has about   trillion, or roughly 7% or the M2 Money stock (M2 is what the Fed tries to tell you is the actual amount of US dollars in circulation).  So, what is QE, if it’s not money printing? QE is the central bank buying treasuries and other liquid assets from primary dealers. Do they pay for these with money? No. They credit the value in bank reserves, so the bank may lend against the value (which they already could when they held treasuries). So the entire world want US treasuries, one of the most liquid assets in the world, and one of the most popular assets for repo collateral. The primary dealers sell these assets to the central banks to secure their balance sheets and make room for… More treasuries. What happens to the bank reserves? They stay in the central bank, and can be used as a basis for lending.  So – the banks can lend a lot more then – that means they lend money to hedge funds and other investors, and the money is put into markets! The Fed saved us after all! QE really works!! Well,   doesn’t really fit that narrative. The massive spike in 2020 is companies maxing out their revolving loans to brace for impact. Like in 2008, lending has been negative every month since the height of the crisis.  Okay, so what if the Fed isn’t really printing money. The government is clearly conjuring up money out of thin air and airdropping them to the people!  Well, they certainly are increasing their debt and spending the money on “stimulus”. I think the word is fairly misleading though. Are you “stimulating spending” if you give a homeless guy $10? Because that, for me, is the equivalent of what the government is doing. They are trying to prevent a disaster, not trying to “stimulate” growth. The gap between where we would have been without covid19 and where we actually is, is a lot bigger than a measly couple of trillion.   Some perspective on the “recovery” so far:     What the government is doing is trying to help people be a bit less miserable, not going out and boosting GDP to new heights. It sure doesn’t seem like the money they are giving out is actually increasing consumer spending in either case:      But, but… Vaccines! Pent-up demand! Reflation! Dollar to zero!    Vaccines are coming, and thank God for that. Is that really going to make the American economy explode (in a good way) though? It surely doesn’t seem like it outside the stock market. Last summer everyone were talking about how amazing Q4 would be. In Q4 everyone were talking about how amazing 2021 would be. Now people are starting to realize that 2021 probably won’t be so amazing after all, at least not until Q3-Q4. By the end of the summer, people will be talking about 2022. Noticed how nobody’s talking about a V-shaped recovery anymore? A recovery would indicate that we got back to where we started, and even though we had “insane” numbers of a quarter, we are nowhere near where we started back in February (which was already quite anemic compared to pre-2008 growth):        Lastly, about that pent-up demand. I fail to see it. Leisure makes up roughly 6% of GDP. Sure, people will start eating out again, they will go to amusement parks, they will get haircuts and pedicures, but will you make up for what you didn’t spend on it last year? 4 haircuts a month? 5 trips to Disney World? Eating out 8 days a week? The money has already been spent on RVs, computers, consoles, home remodeling and kitchen appliances. If anything, people might be spending less on these things than they did before covid. Evidence also points to Americans becoming more frugal and saving more to weather the next storm. I think “reopening” and vaccines will be a non-event.    Okay, I got this far. Why now? Why can’t we get SPY 400? 500?     Warning. Magic crayons ahead. Consider yourself warned.  This is the S&P back in 2018:     Notice how the RSI falls while the price increases? This is called divergence. It is considered a fairly reliable signal that something is amiss. The market made a new low, but the RSI didn’t? Better sell your puts and consider buying calls. The market made a new high, but the RSI didn’t? Vice versa. Some of you might happen what came next, but here is a picture:      Okay, not conviced? I get it. Here is the S&P early last year:     I probably don’t have to tell you what came next, but you can clearly see it on the final graph:     Notice anything else? Exactly. The market is soaring once again. The RSI? Not so much. Make of it what you will. If you look closely at the last picture, you will see that the S&P over the last week has gone from sitting comfortably on top of the 21 day moving average, to falling through. On Friday, we closed below the 50 day moving average. That was my cue for loading up    style. If we close above the 50d on Monday, I will cover and wait for another signal. I don’t have the time to cover passive flows now, that will have to wait – what you need to know if you load up on short term puts, is to get rid of everything before Friday Feb 19. The last week of the month is not a good time to be a bear, because dumb money is buying every index.
Self interest vs collective good
I just want to be very clear that there is only 1 position that can benefit the collective and bring change. It is $GME.   $AMC $BB and $NOK can wait. Hell we may even have to sacrifice them. The point is none of these other tickers are in such a fundamentally flawed situation. Look at burry’s Twitter. He says GME is a once in a lifetime squeeze that we will likely never see again. And he is right. When shares get called back all hell will break loose.  All other tickers are acting to split our community’s buying power. I get it, we can like many stocks, but we need to REALLY LIKE GME until the end of next week.   We have them by the balls on GME and every other fake squeeze going on in the market is here to serve as a distraction. Big money knows retail will chase green, so by popping off squeezes on these other tickers they are moving retail funds out of GME. I understand many of you may not like to hear this but this is bigger than us. We need to buy and hold GME if this movement is to succeed.   I believe mods should hold a forum referendum on the topic of banning anything not GME related for the next week. Too many $AMC $BB $NOK shills are detracting from the cause, many of them are new to our sub. ONLY GME can bring Wall Street to their knees.   BUY GME. EAT THE RICH. APES TOGETHER STRONG
BRING ME HIGHER LOVE, TAKE ME TO THE MOON BB!!!!
Real Wolf of Wall Street on GameStop stock chaos
GME since August
Late last year I opened up a TD for my big boy plays, and RH for smooth brains plays. They quickly turned into GME yolos.    all the way. This ride is far from over
Understanding how GME got to >100% short
Not only am I not a financial advisor, but my nurse just got done wiping my shit covered ass and telling me what a good retard I am. This is not advice, I just like the stock.  Many on here keep asking how GME could have accumulated greater than 100% short interest. NAKED SHORTING!! Not so   is a very legal and logical explanation HOW that could have happened BUT it doesnt change the fact it happened and GME is still going to     because of it.  If one   lends one   to a   who then sells it to another   that means there is one shorted  .  Now if second   borrows that same   from the second   and sells it to a third    guess what??  That same   has been shorted twice. This is how you can have that single   turn into two    on the short side  All debts must be paid and Melvin can suck my fat  🍆  Class dismissed you mouth breathers. See ya Monday
The Real Short Squeeze Catalyst - 4Q Earnings🌕
The sole reason to hold GME longer than next week and next month are the 4Q earnings. According to Yahoo Finance GameStop is scheduled to report between 24-29 of   March.      Why wait until then?    easy, usually short squeeze happens when there is a catalyst like acquisition, a new product announcement, or a surprise earning report. GME probably not going to buy or get bought out by someone and they won't announce a new product, but they will announce earnings 2 months from now that has a great chance to surprise EVERYONE.    What do we know so far about their upcoming earnings?    We only have information about their holiday sales:      increase in comparable stores sales YOY and   growth QOQ   309% increase in E-Commerce sales, representing 34% of total sales reaching $    Total sales declined   driven by an 11% decrease in the company store base.   Australia and New Zealand sales increase 31%  Basically, GameStop closed 11% of the company stores, and still, total sales were down a minor   while comparable sales increased   This means 2 things:  1. Physical stores are still profitable or performing very well. 2. E-Commerce Sales are now making up for the loss of sales of closed stores, leading the way for e-commerce being the main company revenue stream. 3. Covid free countries like Australia and New Zealand are still buying from GameStop helping it penetrate these huge markets.  GME on the 3Q report said that they expect positive comparable sales (which we just saw are probably going to be positive) and finally being profitable.  The key here is PROFITABILITY. GME was profitable only 3 times in the last 12Q ( .  In the last 2Q that GME achieved profitability the stock went up.    was the day of announcement:     The stock gapped up a whopping   16%   before going down.    was another profitable Q announcement:     The stock gapped up   after earnings.    Why is it matter?    well if the next earning report will be a good surprise we will see the price move up the next day and if the company will show a clear path of profitability for the next years   THE SHORT THESIS WILL BE GONE AND A SHORT SQUEEZE WILL FOLLOW       The odds of profitability are very high with the management expecting it and E-Commerce sales booming. I conclusion HOLD TILL EARNINGS DONT SALE!!!!!!!!    TL;DR:   The squeeze will happen when there will be a catalyst, the only catalyst for GME is earnings at the end of March, so hold tight until then and let's get the moneyyyyy         This is not financial advice, do you own DD.   Positions: 141 stocks at 14$ average price     Edit: IMHO these earnings are not regular earnings, they are going to talk about profitability and hopefully give guidance to after covid because of the vaccines that give hope for the retailers. But imo the most important thing that can come out of this is if they will say that e-commerce is still rising and is a clear revenue growth stream. When this will happen the Short thesis will vanish and shorts will admit their lose. Untill then I believe HF can stay under water and pay the fees unless an early catalyst will emerge. I'm holding until earnings if the squeeze won't squaze.
Stop shilling for the brokers shutting down trading. They are lying to us.
The entire purpose of the trading restrictions imposed the past few days was to fuck retail traders over full stop.  They may use any formal excuse they have such as the clearing houses mandated they stopped or something else but that is not why they did what they did.  They knew that this would allow the hedge funds to manipulate the stock and shake out paper hands.  They did this to fuck over retail traders and save themselves and the hedge funds.   If their concern was the clearing houses these stocks would have had trading halted COMPLETELY for their account holders because they would have known that hedge funds were going to be limit hunting with zero resistance against them.  Stop pretending they didn't just rob all of us.  Also, GME is the only good short squeeze candidate as it is the only stock with a short interest higher than the float.  Everything else is a trap.
$NOK: (29/01/2021) Black Rock has filled an SC 13G/A of Institutional ownership of $NOK with approx. 333,048,530 shares.
Payback!!!
NY Times BS Article About GME
The title of the article states " ".  What are they trying to say here? The government might get 12%-30% of my profits... okay? I'm still keeping 70%-88% of it? Last time I checked, 88% is more than 0%.  The title makes it seem like we're all idiots and it's not even worth making money in GameStop, because a  small  portion of the money goes to the government.  I bet you the New York Times gets big donations from hedge funds.  I just really like the stock NYT, and I have diamond hands so I don't have to worry about taxes... you only get taxed when you sell.
THE GREAT WSB DIVERGENCE OF 2021
Because that’s all Robinhood ALLOWED ME TO BUY  🙏
🚨 Billionaire Ken Griffin faces controversy involving Wall Street chat rooms, Robinhood trading app and GameStop’s stock
Lots of newbies that missed the boat on GME that just want to help and grow the community long-term
I'm a 2 year lurker on here with 10k karma and a 9 yo account, so I'm not a bot nor shill. I'm just a broke college student with very little to invest.   Lately, so many people on   have been asking me how to get involved as this is being discussed in classes. The thing that keeps being brought up is the GME price-tag. Is $300 a lot in the grand scheme of things? No. Is it a lot to a college students $1000 savings? Yes.   So the answer is to buy tons of AMC, NOK or BB instead because shares are affordable right now.  Does it divide from     ? No because they don't have the funds for 10 shares of GME in the first place.  However, they do have funds for 10 shares of AMC or whatever the NEXT meme-stock is.     together strong. These are people that we have the opportunity to make community members for LIFE if we don't bully or scare them away. This only makes the next move even more explosive.   AMC has value long-term and next week JUST LIKE WSB AS A WHOLE. We need to think about the squeez(es) next week and long term growth my friends.  So yes, buy GME AND HOLD THAT SHIT, but consider some of those cheaper options to bring in new family members.       🍆  Edit: I made this account as a cringey 7th grader making Rage Comics and now I'm a college senior.  Edit 2: Remember nothing has happened with GME yet as the shorts STILL MUST COVER. This was ALL us so far. We can do it again if WE LIKE THE STOCK.     that simple. HOLD GME.  I am a moron on the internet who cannot offer financial advice.
I have to get something off my chest...
Venice Beach California. We flying to the moon!!!
The $GME squeeze will bring down Melvin. The Silver squeeze will bring down the biggest banks in the world. That's why Robinhood barred trading of $SLV the day after they took a billion dollars in loans from JPM and Goldman Sachs. ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME.
You retarted apes are growing up. I remember a year ago this sub was nothing but memes of J-Powell littered with rocketship emojis. Now It's GME posts littered rocketship emojis. We've come so far.   Now listen:  If you think Wall Street is shitting their pants over the GME short squeeze you are 100% right. Jim Bianco lays out a   that SPY was down 2% on Friday because hedge funds were dropping their "safe" stocks to raise capital for collateral against their rising margin debt on GME.   But you also got to know this. At the same moment Robinhood halted purchases of GME, after calls from their hedge fund buddies, they also put on limits on $SLV.   (   These banks have been raking it in on suppressing the price of silver for  decades. Look at this historical chart of silver. Does this make any sense? Silver was well over $30 for several years in the    fucking 1980s.    And now it's $27???        The fair price of silver, conservatively is CERTAINLY over $50, but it seems that there were some strings attached to JPM and GS's little loan to Robinhood.   I'm balls deep in GME, but am riding this silver train too. Already last week $AG and $SLV were surging despite Robinhood's best efforts. If this thing breaks, both of those tickers will at least double. My personal price target for Silver is $70. The tendies from silver will be extra sweet for me  - nothing like breaking up the greatest cartel in modern history (apologies to OPEC).   Keep fighting the good fight apes. We'll bring these bastards to their knees.   My positions: $GME shares, $AG and $SLV shares and July calls.   <Obligatory rocketship emoji>
The Big Long
I was doing something today called thinking. This whole situation is so outlandish, farfetched, beyond imagination; something just doesn't smell right, or feel right, at least in my pp.  And so, I came, after looking at DFVs current positions again; but after that, I came up with a question - How do big firms like Melvin short over 100% and expect nobody to notice?  Or maybe... perhaps they did expect people to notice. What if Melvin and co. is actually IN on the play?  What if they saw the short interest was very high, close to or above 100% - and came up with the plan to add short positions to increase the short interest to levels that will be picked up and acted on by other firms/retail investors - and trigger a short squeeze... BUT preemptively get out of their short positions, and before they have to report their long positions etc...  Because their newer, unreported positions will be all on the LONG side.  The 'bailout' may have been necessary to increase their long positions further, or perhaps they were caught in the squeeze much faster than they had initially thought.  It could be the biggest bait and switch in (recent) financial history.  The gain porn would be unimaginable.  In the fractionally tiny chance that I'm right, I've posted this to my research related twitter account @LimeResearch - no affiliation to shitron; just in case I'm right, I want to have the proof times  in two places (for my movie/book deals of course).  ty for coming to my ted talk
Let's talk about $INTC, let's talk about $AMD  🌕
TL;DR This autist likes $AMD.  I've held AMD since November 2015 (@$  and have weathered these speculative downturns many times. IMO the latest downturn is driven purely by an anticipated return to greatness due to Gelsinger's return. This confidence in Gelsinger is greatly misplaced for two reasons:  1. Gelsinger may be better than Intels past 3 dipshit ceos, but he's no Andy Grove. Gelsinger's retarded baby was Itanium, which AMD handily beat with x86_64.  2. Even if Intel burried Andy Fucking Grove in a Pet Semetary it would take years for him to turn that steaming turd of a company around. Serioulsy retards, look at AAPL when Steve Jobs returned in July 1997. The stock peaked briefly in 2000 before quickly tanking again. It took the goddam legendary Steve Jobs 5 years to achieve a sustained turn around at AAPL.
Turned 800$ in GME into 60k as of now. This is life changing money but you bet your ass I’m still holding    HOLD!
Drew this for you my fellow retards
Well, Janet Yellen Got $810,000 to Give Speeches at One of the Firms in the GameStop Mess
I am a writer and podcaster. When this is all said and done, I want our story to be told accurately. I don't know if I'm the right guy for the job, but...
I will do everything I can to capture the nuances of the story. Details we aren't seeing on the news. Like the fact that this all started because DFV actually liked the stock. The fact that people on here have made millions and won't sell so that people who have made 4 or 5 figures and NEED that money can sell and pay their bills. The fact(?) that hedge funds are laddering to manipulate the price. That the entire market is overvalued with and our GME trades are exposing the corruption on Wall Street.  I'd need your guy's help in making sure I don't miss anything clutch, and would post drafts on here before putting it on to my channels to make sure there is a consensus that the story is being told accurately.  Is this a dumb idea? Or is it something I should pursue?  EDIT: per request, I am posting the name of our podcast. I didn't want to post it because I didn't want to act like I am trying to get free publicity. But the podcast is called (redacted, if you want to know, DM me. I don't want free publicity). and it is a self-help podcast for men, however, our audience look to us to talk about what is going on in the world and I am more than happy to hijack the channel for this story, especially since we have bee light on putting out content the past several months. That and my co-host suggested I talking about this on the show anyways. MORE IMPORTANTLY, if we can get a little crew together to write this story, we can spread it wider than to just our 3000 listeners or whatever our audience is these days. We can organize this information to create what we consider to be an accurate portrayal of these events.  EDIT 2: redcated my podcast name as I want to ensure that I am not doing this for free publicity. I don't really see the point in posting it here for now. Maybe if enough people ask. But for now you can DM me if you want to know the name.  EDIT 3; IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO HELP here are the main links that I think would help the most right now: - the best DD posts - DFV's initial comments on why he liked the stock (from back in 2019) - posts of people who NEED the money cashing out and saying what they spent it on (student loans, medical bills, etc) - screenshots with evidence of the HF's market manipulation - screenshots of Robinhood and other trading platforms GME halts
What are the hedge funds’ remaining moves?
Now that we’ve seen that they’ll disregard laws and ethics, and now that we’re heading into what’s likely the killing blow next week, what tricks do you think they’ll pull out of their hat next week?  1. Remove the buy button from RH again, because at this point RH is the fall guy in all of this, they know they’re done for anyway so might as well go down swinging.  2. Shut down Robinhood trading completely due to “too much volume”  3. Media smear & disinformation    Anything else?
The Force Awakens
Expected better results...
Thought I'd check Google trends this morning and saw some interesting results. One of our heroes has received some attention, and "tendies" is more commonly searched than expected. I thought rocket emoji might be more common as boomers start seeing it everywhere.      Yes, I should be working on spreadsheets for work instead.   No, I'm not selling. Not even for +1000% gainz! My wife's BF can wait to get his allowance.
It’s not about the money, it’s about the
WallStreetBets Meet & Greet
Next big dick play. Fuck RH.
Robinhood app stole from the poor and gave to the rich. Gave some lame excuse about capital requirements while HFs drive the prices down and were allowed to repurchase them at a discount while we watch from the side lines.   Fights still not over, SI % of float is still over 113% gme    .   RH is planning to ipo this quarter. It would be a shame if RHs loses its userbase to a different platform before/when it goes public. If news comes out that RH is losing their customer base, their shares will plummet. Feed them to the HFs they tried to protect. RH can restrict selling all they want, it wont save them.  Edit: RH sells their order flows from their users to the big players on wallstreet. If RH has no users, they have nothing to sell. They become worthless.
They will make the world HATE you. You’ve seen what the media has done to us so far. That was vanilla, level shit so they didn’t burn anyone too quickly and get called out.
Disclaimer: This is purely speculation and I simply want to prepare your minds for what could be this biggest Wallstreet smearing   in history.    Now you may have diamond hands    but do you have a diamond brain   ?  Sounds like a simple answer, right? Yes. Well...  Diamond hands are about holding the nerve when the red starts getting darker. Imagine being in a rocket violently shaking as it leaves earth’s orbit. The shaking is so violent you have ground control telling you to abort. But you don’t.  Now imagine being in school or work and rumours are being spread about you. No one likes you, they start to distance themselves, then they start to vilify and attack you too. They push you around, treat you like shit and no matter how many people you tell they don’t believe you.  That’s what you need to prepare for. Those rumours will be heard by your friends than your family, who believe them. But you hold your fucking nerve.  Last weak was them turning the oven on and getting the pan warmed up. This coming weak they will call everything under the sun. The hedgie-bitches may work with their buddies to start making people 401K’s and other funds shrink to nothing and there say it’s your fault. You’re the reason that America is getting bankrupted.  The US Gov may even get involved. Think you’ve seen or had enough of the last 4-5 years of politics? You haven’t seen shit. You’re now messing with Wall Street who have politicians on speed dial. These politicians only got into politics thanks to the help of Wall Street. Your Vote < Wall Street Money  Making sense?  We may have some on our side now but they will get pushed aside and told this isn’t their fight.  I’m going to end it there as I think you get the message.  I really hope we don’t get this far and they try to pull these tactics on us be who knows what sinister tactics they have hiding up their sleeves.  Please have a Diamond Hands   & Diamond Brain    this week  TL;DR Be prepared to be made public enemy   this coming week. Have a diamond brain     EDIT: I don't know what I was thinking when I wrote this. You fucks are gonna be fine.
Investors & Institutions that have loarge Positions in GameStop
🚨 Robinhood traders are suing — SUE THEM WITH ALL THE POWER WE GOT 💥
NOT SELLING UNTIL 10k!! KISS MY ASS ROBINHOOD
Silver demand is already skyrocketing
With Biden’s green revolution, we’ll be seeing an even higher demand for solar panels, electric vehicles, and many more products that require it. Given that there’s already a shortage, it’s the perfect time to squeeze and teach JP Morgan and COMEX who’s boss.  The best things to do is buy futures and demand physical delivery. There are hundreds of times more paper silver traded than physical silver. Most of them are cash settled, but if we demanded the physical asset we could cause them to default and send the value of silver skyrocketing to its fair value.  For most of the ancient world the daily wage of an average worker was 1/10 an ounce of silver. Today that costs around $   Edit: Wow you guys are bloodthirsty. Downvoting ever post that isn’t about GME. For the record.... wait until GME has finished its squeeze until switching over to SLV!!!
7 Million Members Strong By the Time This Hits Front Page. Congrats Apes.
Unpopular opinion – What if they screw us ? Can we imagine a scenario if they can get along with this ?
None of what is below is financial advice. Do your own research and risk management.  TL;DR: The hedge funds and the lawmakers could find a way to get around the law and screw us. They always have and they always will. They have much more means that we do, and only from a probabilistic point of view, we will lose. Can we imagine a scenario where this could happen ?     I know that what I about to say sounds bearish. I own my part of GME shares since before the first gamma squeeze and I have now pretty nice gains (as many of us do). I agree on the possibility for the price to reach astronomical limits due to the short squeeze. In theory, it could work.  In theory.  You think that because this is the weekend, everything stopped and will resume on Monday like nothing happened ? No. Right now, the hedge funds executives and all their management boards are certainly working on a solution to make legal what happened last week . They are right now trying to find a way to take your shares from you. And for this, they will have the help of many people, people which can be at a very high level of our society. And after this will happen, we will be the one accused of having manipulated the market. And you all know they have near unlimited means to do so. They have the money, they have politics, they have the hardware power. They have everything. You got a taste of it last week with that huge bots attack on Reddit and how they managed to manipulate the market so far.  We have the shares. And we got them legally, in all transparency, with our own and hardly earned money and we have the absolute right to buy some more at the price we want, and to sell them at the price we want.  Sure, the shares, that’s what they want. But what if they find the “legal” way to take it from you ? And worst than that: to take them from you without giving you back at least your initial investment ?  This sounds extreme. But this is what happened in 2008. They took your money and your houses, without giving you anything back. The hedge funds were protected by politics. To big to fail they said…  Well, this week they failed for a second time. What will they do now ? Sorry to say this, but most probably the same thing.  So, do you guys have an idea how they could manage to skirt the law or bypass it ? I do not live in the US, so I do not know how they could do this. If someone has an idea, please share it below.     I felt I had to write this because since last week and especially since last Friday, the number of people reading reddit and especially WSB increased more than exponentially. Many people want to join this financial fight. Many of them are young (I hope more than 18 at least). Many of them are maybe putting themselves in danger.  So I just wanted to suggest you to think twice before investing all your life savings for this noble cause: will you be in financial danger if they manage to take all your investment from you ? How would you live with this ? Would you still  be able to pay your bills, taxes, and bring food on the table ? Just take a moment to think about this. There is a hight probabillity to lose it all on this.  Personally, I have a broad portfolio. If this happens, I would certainly lose a certain percentage of it. It will take some time to build it again sure… But I will not be in immediate danger (so does Melvin & Co if they lose some more billions by trying to take the price down in vain😊; In theory they will continue this practice until they really start to feel what it looks like to be in danger ; maybe for the first time of their lives ?  This is why I will hold my shares: because I bought them legally and I have the right to sell them at whatever the fucking price I want. I will hold. Because it is legally mine… and also, I just like the stock, it is doing great for me recently...  I just felt I had to write this to show to all lurkers, media, and all, that WSB is not only a forum where we YOLO our savings unconsciously. We are also people who know how to manage our risks and who care about each other.    $GME
Most Trending Stocks Reddit Updates
Hello Guys,  I hope you are all doing fine. Some new updates in The Reddit Stock Tracker    Better Filtering of Spams & Non Related Tickers.   Extraction of the most Trending Stocks From Google Trends.   Better handling of the tool in your Mobile.   Showing dates of last updates of the Data Tables   You can find all that in    Don't hesitate to share new ideas and suggestions. Thank You !  Swiss-Rock
Robinhood says restrictions on GameStop due to tenfold increase in deposit requirements!!!!
Michael Jordan is connected to this?? Lost $300m last year!!!!!
Load The Spaceship With The     Fuel!!!!!!!
Explanation of why Robinhood really restricted buys of GameStop
Edit - First off, i am not a Robbinghood sympathiser as some of the comment claim... Fuck Robbing hood. DIAMOND HANDS AT $  BABY -     Here is a video from Louis Rossmann explaining it -       This is for all of those who don't understand why Robin Hood, Trading 212 and all the other brokers restricted buying of $GME and $AMC.  The levels to a share purchase of a share are as follows - Broker/hedgefund  > Clearing house > DTCC  # Broker:  Robinhood, T212 etc. They are simply a platform to allow people to buy and sell shares on an app.  Hedge funds are also at this level but obviously don't need a broker like retail investors do.     # Clearing House:  They provide the DTCC with collateral (usually 1 to 3%) for 2 days which can be called upon in case the broker/hedge fund cannot pay DTCC to settle the trade.  Trades are settled 2 days after the transaction takes place at DTCC level.  If the broker cannot pay up to legally settle the trades 2 days later, the clearing house is on the hook and has to pay up to DTCC.  Because of the volatility and risk of market wide collapse with trades not being able to be cleared with cash, DTCC required that clearing houses put up 100% collateral. This removes risk that the seller of a stock might not get paid cash.     # DTCC:  They are the guys who replace the old paper exchange of share ownership.  They handle like 95% of all share exchanges and are responsible to ensure the market does not collapse.  Collapse in this case is if a seller does not get paid when they sell a share. This would happen for every stock on the market due to clearing houses not having the money to pay up.  #   # Now why could you sell but not buy?  Surely the brokers are manipulating the stock to drive the price down?  This is because when you buy a stock, all of the above has already taken place. DTCC is happy that the money is in place in case the stock is sold.  Then when you sell GME, you get paid because the clearing house has already guaranteed the funds to DTCC.  They stopped buying so that the risk of sale default is minimised.  In my opinion, the brokers fucked up. Even though they CAN allow selling of the stock, they must have known that it would drive down the price of the stock by ONLY allowing selling. They should have blocked selling as well as buying until the clearing houses found the funds.  # So what did Robinhood do wrong?  Essentially Robinhood fucked up by allowing so much margin and borrowed funds to retail investors. They ran out of money to front to the clearing house. This is why they limited buys and asked for margin buyers to have 100% cash in the account.  # What about the hedge funds?  Melvin Capital fucked up with the short. They didn't have enough money to cover their positions and buy the high price cover. Citadel therefore bailed them out.  # Why could I buy $GME the next day?  Clearing houses went to banks to get lending for large sums of money so they can provide DTCC with the necessary collateral that they require, this is why the brokers could allow the retail investors to buy the stock again.  # Why did some brokers allow us to buy $GME when others didn't?  Different brokers use different clearing houses. So while one clearing house locked off a broker, the other clearing house may have been fine and not done the calculations yet.  That's why there was kind of a juggling situation between brokers allowing buys and restricting buys.  On Friday T212 did not restrict buys for cash on GME, but they completely restricted CFD on it. This is because they couldn't front the leverage themselves or through their clearing house  # TLDR:  I know we degens don't want to believe it, but the brokers did not have a choice in this.  The clearing houses told the brokers to stop the buying because they didn't have the money to guarantee that you get paid if you sell.  Restricting buying and ONLY allowing selling DID result in a manipulation of the stock price but that wasn't the main reason behind the Clearing Houses forcing the brokers to stop the buying.  In my opinion, the brokers fucked up. Even though they CAN allow selling of the stock, they must have known that it would drive down the price of the stock by ONLY allowing selling. They should have blocked selling as well as buying until the clearing houses found the funds.
Our favourite analyst.     🌕
Everyone Watching $GME Close Above $320 Friday -- 1/22 $65 Closing - 1/29 $325 Closing - 2/5 $MOON
Robinhood “sells information they gather from their customers to the hedge funds who use it for their advantage.”
My retarded friend sold his fractional share of GME. Robinhood decided they wanted to be the ultimate tard and sell his share for 2,  YOU HEAR THAT AUTISTS? NO SELL LIMIT FOR ANYTHING UNDER   A SHARE
GameStop mania spreads to glove makers in Asia
I'm willing to hold the bags. I will never sell.
It's just become too personal.   I bought a few shares, not too many, but it's still my money I earned. I took the decision to never sell, I will just keep my shares in my portfolio as a reminder of what is happening, and what this community has done. I will ask my broker to put a few of them on paper so that I can put some on display.   I took the decision when I remembered that back when I was a kid, in France, the first console I ever had and that was mine was a yellow Gameboy Color, along with the game Pokemon red. It was bought by my parents at a shop called Micromania. Micromania is Gamestop in France, like I just learned they are the same company.   Selling the stock and abandoning GameStop is like selling this memory. I can't do it. So I'm fine with not selling. If others do sell and make bank, I'm will happily hold the bags for them.
Robinhood: A Tale Of The Darkside
Jim Cramer describes how hedge funds short a company... sound familiar?
$GME Options: Early Exercising Mid/Long Dated DEEP ITM Call Options is a Hedge Against a Fixed-Equity FED/SEC Bailout and may inadvertently serve as the MOASS catalyst.
Read the title my rocket children. This is not a bear post🚫🏳️‍  , just a bull trying to protect himself and maybe others from the suits & feds.   A few thoughts to consider:  1.  A new major catalyst is probably necessary to trigger a MOASS due to the consequences of point #2 .  Early exercising of deep ITM calls may serve as a major component of that catalyst.   2. GME may trade up slowly (short-burn) as shorts bleed and begin to unwind over-time. This now possible because of actions taken by RH and other brokerage against retail investors, to slow upward momentum by halting the buy-side of the trade, thus allowing shorts to reconvene, degross, and reposition.   3. If GME hits >$1000 we could potentially see some unprecedented FED/SEC intervention in the form of a "retail-investor friendly" bailout. I'm not familiar with the legalities and details of how this could actually play out. That being said, if the FED/SEC are concerned about a major market sell-off due to the MOASS, I expected them to strike a fixed-equity deal where all shorted shares must be covered for a fixed value. In this scenario, those with shares will profit bigly; those with calls may be left holding their bag.  I plan to exercise my deep ITM calls on Monday, just to be safe. They have no extrinsic value. Obviously, this only works for those who have the $ to exercise.   Thoughts?                        Positions: $30c 04/19, shares  \    This is also not financial advice, I am not a financial advisor. Information/entertainment purposes only. I'm retarded.
7k -> 107k Monthly BBBY Gains
For any regulatory body skimming this thread, here are my proposed regulation changes
The goal of these proposed regulations is to stop a company from being shorted greater than 100% of float, and to disallow an asset to trade unidirectionally. There needs to be a fair market, if for whatever reason a certain market cannot remain fair, it is halted until it resumes being fair.   ;#x200B;  1. The DTCC can only raise cash obligations during, 1) extended hours trading after the regular session has ended or no later than one hour before the regular session begins, or 2)  when the market is closed. 2. No financial instrument can trade only one way. Either you can buy and sell at every brokerage, or neither and it is halted. 3. As a consequence of 2, only the exchanges can limit trading via a halt. There are many different halts that can be used. The three main halts that I think may be the most applicable are T12, H11, and O1 (Note: These are all NASDAQ halts, I cant find a good NYSE list of halts)    1. T12 -   Additional Information Requested by NASDAQ       2. H11 -    Regulatory Concern      3. O1   -      Operations Halt, Contact Market Operations    4. When the DTCC decides to raise cash obligations, if a clearing house cannot meet its new cash obligation in time of market open, it is deemed as a major risk and the DTCC will tell the exchanges to halt trading for that security until all clearing houses can meet the new cash obligation. 5. If a clearing house is unable to meet the obligation, the brokerages using that clearing house have the right to supplement clearing for that asset through a different clearing house. This will allow trading to resume even if a clearing house cannot meet it's cash obligations for that asset. 6. The DTCC needs to have a significant cash reserve on hand ready to lend to clearing houses that cannot meet the obligation requirements. This will decrease the likely hood that trading gets halted. 7. The DTCC is only allowed to loan its cash reserves at or below the Risk-Free Interest Rate. 8. Any brokerage and clearing house that allows a short sale to occur once the Short Interest reaches 100% of Float shall receive a monetary fine equal to 2x the market value of that trade. 9. No single trading body, institutional or retail,  can be short more that 5% of Float for more than 48 hours past the start of the next regular session. 10. Failure to comply with rule 9 results in a monetary fine for the trader/institution equal to the market value of the size of the short position which is above the 5% limit.
Wealthsimple CEO warns investors 'who don't know what they're doing’
Since when have institutions cared about whether or not retail investors make good decisions or not. I can't believe they can all look at us with a straight face and tell us it's because they care about us losing money. Go fuck every ounce of yourselves. You couldn't care less about us. You care about the millions and billions of dollars you donkeys have on the line.  EDIT: HOLD THE LINE FOR
I am leaving Robinhood after a year, and you should too.
The coverage of the ban on shares like AMC and GME have been covered in depth here. So I won't bore you all with my anger at that as well. I was planning on waiting to transfer my account out of Robinhood for a little while but with the news that they are now restricting the trading of stocks like AMD SBUX and more importantly IPOE (which I have been investing heavily on and will be one of their competitors), I will be immediately transferring my account to SoFi.   When Robinhood IPOs, buy puts, this company won't survive this.  I may not have gotten on the GME trend, but I respect each of you.
Robinhood not allowing us to withdraw money?
I tried to transfer $600 out of my Robinhood earlier (moving to Fidelity after all this is over, for obvious fucking reasons) and I got an error message. Tried it with three different bank accounts. No dice. It either gave me a "server error" message, or it told me that a bank had to be verified.  At this point I'm getting bad vibes, try to post my screenshot (still pending with the mods), and leave it for a minute. Come back later on my PC and try again. No dice. Then, I think, well, let's try it with $100 instead of $600.  And it lets me withdraw.  OK, we'll try a bigger number.  Nope.  Now I'm sus, so I fire up OBS studio and screen record all of this shit as I go through and attempt to get it to let me withdraw any amount larger than $100. Nothing larger than $100 can withdraw, but $100 (and presumably lower) can. I kept going right up until I run out of daily withdrawals.  It looks to me very much like   Robinhood is limiting withdrawals to $100 or less and pretending it's a server error.    This can't possibly be legal, and I don't know how it could be a server error. I'm not as strong on comp sci as I used to be, but 100 is a fucking int and 600 is a fucking int and they're both three digits and should require the exact same amount of computational power to transact/calculate/whatever.  Again, I have screenshots from my phone, and I took a screen recording as I went through and did this on my PC. Can anyone advise whether it is 1) possible that it is indeed a server error, or 2) if not, how it could possibly be legal? Cause like I said it still fucking looks to me like they're just not allowing us to get our money out.    EDIT: These funds were settled. They had not been invested in days and were marked as being withdrawable. And if they were unsettled funds, Robinhood would have given me a message to that effect, not a server error/bank needs verification message.
Theory of Current Market Conditions (DD)
TL;DR   High short % stocks are   nuclear bombs   going off that are sucking capital out of the market into the mushroom clouds that are currently ascending into the stratosphere. Read further for more details on this retarded theory.    Disclaimer  : I’m retarded and have been wrong in the past. This is fan fiction and fairy tales   not financial or investment advice  .  So during the last 2 weeks our wonderful subreddit blew up and is now pretty much known by every person on the fucking planet. I've looked at what is happening overall in the market vs what is happening in the high short % stocks during that time. I've selected a 2 week timeline because I believe during this time everyone on the market (including hedge funds) have discovered what's moving these stocks.  Here's the figures since January 19th (18th markets were closed). I've included the most popular high short % stocks since they're what retail investors (we) seem to be buying with our mouths foaming. I apologize if I left out your favourite meme stock, fuck you, keep reading it's about to get more interesting.    Timeline: January 19th - January 29th    High short interest stocks:  GME +680% AMC +330% LGND +47%  SPWR +46% SPCE +40% BBBY +35% FUBO +30%  Even half blind smooth brains can see they are all mooning. But why are GME and AMC outperforming the rest? We'll come back to them later. Next up is looking at the performance of other shit on the market. I've tried to select large cap stocks and indices that are relevant to the situation, you retards can go and look up the rest and   prove me wrong.      Timeline: January 19th - January 29th     Selected stocks & indices:  S&P 500 -2,2% NASDAQ -0,5% AAPL +3,2% MSFT +8,5% FB +0,5% TSLA -5,2% GOOGL +2,4%  What's interesting about this you say? Everything seems  normal, they're mostly flat, who the fuck cares right? You would be right, during the 2 week timeline things look pretty normal.  Now let's look what has happened since   shit hit the fan   on Thursday (28th) after Robinhood started to limit the buys on meme stocks and   EVERYONE   started to talk about wsb and retail investors hunting stocks with high short %.    Timeline: January 28th - January 29th    Selected stocks & indices:  S&P 500 -1,14% NASDAQ -2% AAPL -5,3% MSFT -1,8% FB -7,3% TSLA -2,5% GOOGL -0,5%  Everything is red. Why is that weird? For one FB, MSFT, AAPL actually   all beat earnings   released last week (TSLA missed). Why are investors not piling onto these stocks? There's multiple reasons and here's where the   nuclear bomb theory   comes into picture. I suggest you put on your cloak and wizard hat it's about to get retarded.  I believe the smart money realized what's about to happen and are exiting their long positions. By smart money I'm referring to hedge funds like Melvin Capital who are losing $3B a month. Even you degenerates here have exited your other positions and YOLO'd into GME and AMC. As many people here with IQ above 80 have earlier stated a lot of these hedge funds are piled onto the same long and short positions. The biggest short positions they're in are most likely all in the red because the short squeeze frenzy happening. They're scared shitless over the idea they might be caught in a situation like Melvin where they need to be bailed out by buddies or even worse, go tits up. Some of them saw this earlier and probably were smart enough to cover and close their shorts. Some of them have not covered or even worse may have doubled down on shorts. Since last Thursday these clowns have a planet full of  ✊ retards bidding up their short positions.  I believe to avoid blowing up their chad funds, on Thursday and Friday they started to liquidate their long positions to be able to cover the short positions. What happens when a bunch of these suits start exiting at the same time? It tanks the stock (which I believe is happening to AAPL, MSFT, FB and many others, possibly the whole market). This leads to a cycle where even more funds want to liquidate long positions because suddenly they're losing money on the shorts (mooning) and longs (tanking). Remember these people are leveraged   TO THE TITS   so in an event where they're losing on all fronts they may be forced to liquidate positions to avoid margin calls.  Moving capital from their longs to cover their short positions will make things   even worse   for the not so smart funds that have not yet covered. High short % stocks will moon even harder due to other funds covering and the boomer long positions they are in will drill down even more.   In this situation GME and AMC are   Little Boy   and   Fat Man   (read your history kids). They are the first and the second   Nuclear Bomb   to drop. They will suck all the surrounding capital into a mushroom cloud ascending into the stratosphere. Why are GME and AMC blowing up especially bigly? Because they do shit even your 90 year old grandma can understand. Depending how the situation evolves, other high short % stocks may or may not join them in their ride to the heavens (my opinion is they will be duds). I'm seeing a lot of turmoil in the upcoming weeks, look at what happened to VIX last week.  Positions: Cash gang, GME  ✊ and   SPY FDs  Hope you all have a great weekend!  Also,            EDIT: Look at this
UPDATED: Feel the Squeeze
#Common Sense GME DD.     This DD is so obvious it's easily overlooked and any smooth brain can understand.
This DD needs a lot more attention.   Ima keep this simple. The following DD posted by u/fyzle deserves more attention than it's been getting. It's simple, clear and common sense.   Basically, about 30% of GME shares are owned by just 3 investment firms (Blackrock, Fidelity, Vanguard). Another 30% is own by other investment firms and Ryan Cohen, which brings it to over 60%... all of who have a vested interest in seeing GME moon.  If you think for one second that Blackrock, the world's largest investment fund, is going to let GME fail then you must be literally retarded.   They do not lose money. Period.   Citadel, Melvin and Citron are nothing compared to the might of just Blackrock alone. Throw in Fidelity, Vanguard, Schwab, Susquehana Capital and a bunch of others (see link), and you quickly realize that shorts don't have a leg to stand on.   Autists prepare for take off.🧑🏻‍ 🧑🏼‍ 🧑🏽‍ 🧑🏾‍ 🧑🏿‍   GME to the mothafuckin moon!   🪐  🪐  🪐  🪐
The narrative you’ll hear is that Robinhood placed limits on certain orders to mitigate your risk.
We all know that’s bullshit. But WHY do we know that’s bullshit?   Well, if you’re new to investing there’s a concept called margin. Margin is essentially a line of credit given by brokerages to users to trade with. They still “own” whatever you buy with it, but you’re allowed to take profits on how you use it, paying them back with interest once you’ve made gains. If you’re not making gains, they’ll sell your stuff for you and you’ll be responsible for making up the loss.  A while back, people in financial circles were freaking out because of the “influx of you inexperienced investors trading on margin”, thinking it could cause a crash from reckless investing. Of course that’s not true, because the retail investor is on the hook for these losses. What might bring down the market is institutional investors utilizing some of the strategies that they said uninformed retail investors would do. It’s hypocrisy incarnate. You’re on the hook for your margin losses, or any cash losses. They’re trying to get hedge funds OFF the hook for theirs.  Here’s the thing though. Almost ANYONE could get an ABSOLUTE SHITLOAD OF MARGIN.  Unemployed college students and $40k/year average people were given thousands, often tens of thousands, dollars of credit to trade with. These are essentially loans that they know very few people will actually benefit from. Loans your bank would never give you. RH didn’t give a shit, because they don’t give a shit about your risk.  Once people realized buying GME with their own cash was a sure fire way to make money, they started “caring about your risk”. They’re not limiting your risk. They’re limiting your GAINS that you’d earn at the expense of hedge funds that pay them for your trading data.   “Risk with a high likelihood of downside? Have at it. Risk with almost surefire insanely high upside? We’re gonna have to step in. “  Edit to add: yes, there’s also the (probably more impactful) reality that they likely didn’t have the capital they needed to facilitate these trades. My main point is that it’s SURE AS HELL not to minimize YOUR risk.
This for everyone trying to say we were just a bunch of gross internet bros
1612063473
A Practical Guide to
TLDR  ; taking on huge risk and betting everything makes you more prone to paper handing your position at the slightest red. Be smart about your position and your profits.    💪💪, GME         Alright retards, put on your helmet and take that crayon out of your nose because it's time to get serious.   Diamond handing is important. It's been the most important part of our strategy, no doubt. The concept's easy, but this volatility is enough to age us all 40 years. Not everyone, especially the newer people, are capable of stomaching these drops, so I'd like to offer a more practical (more realistic maybe) guide to diamond handing. At the very least, this guide will help you be more confident in your positions and greatly decreasing your odds of being a little bitch that sells at the first sign of red.        If you're just joining us now and bought any of the hyped stocks at current prices or higher:       1.   Educate yourself.   You bought a stock, which is ownership of a company. Understand the fundamentals behind what your company. DD is not something WSB is lacking in. You have a searchbar. You have eyes. (I mean, unless you don't. That's cool too. Have someone read you DD out loud like a bedtime story. :) ) I really like   about any of the other stocks, so you're on your own.   Educate yourself on the company you own a portion of and you'll be less prone to paper hand.    2.   Don't sell at a loss.   It's just retarded. Fear is one of the worst human emotions and you'll never make money in the market if you're scared of a little red. So if you can't stand that you're down 10% on a stock that swings 50% a day, why did you buy it in the first place? Similarly, if you're down 50% on a stock, it makes no sense to sell it when it pretty much can only go up from there. This isn't to say that stop loss isn't important but I feel like I'll do more harm by trying to explain to you retards on when to use it. So for now, while the hype is still there, just hold.  3.   Only invest what you can afford to lose.   Don't overleverage. Don't use margin. Seriously, if you're struggling to put food on the table and your last $10 are in AMC like a retard, this game really isn't for you. The reason is that you're so scared for your money that you will make the worst possible decisions at the worst time and lose that money. Don't underestimate fear and desperation. This isn't just a get rich quick scheme.  4.   When you're up bigly, congratulations!   You win. Follow the advice for OGs.        If you're an OG and bought Gamestop when it was double digits:       1.   Congratulations you big chad! :)   2.   Consider taking a little bit of profit.   If you bought Gamestop at like $12, you are up bigly, no doubt, but it can be extremely nerve wrecking to watch your portfolio erase three years of your Wendy's salary in an hour and so you can be prone to paper handing. It will really be much easier if you sell a tiny portion of your shares to at least cover the initial deposit. That way, if Gamestop goes down to $0 (when hell freezes over, but you never know), you at least break even. It'll be easier to sleep at night. I mean, even Deepfuckingvalue does it. Be smart about it.      Anyway, it's hard to diamond hand consistently if you have trouble sleeping at night due to how overleveraged you are. It's like a diet fad. The chad that limits himself by 100 calories but sticks to it consistently will do better than the retard trying to fast 72 hours when he's never gone 30 minutes without a sugar donut.   Be realistic and take care of yourself. It's far easier to stay consistent by doing that.   If anybody has any questions on Gamestop, stocks, or options, feel free to ask in the comments. My DMs are open too if you're shy 😳 👉👈.      Positions: A fuckton of GME, bought both at $14 and at $300. I buy every dip and hold, I've sold my entire portfolio to feed my GME gambling addiction but I've also sold 8% of my shares to cover my initial investment so it truly doesn't matter anymore if it goes tits up.   Not investment advice. I have one braincell.
Is there a legitimate case for a AMC short squeeze as people are expecting (Not much AMC DD around)
Mods: I would have asked this question in the Weekend Discussion, but I haven't seen one for a while so forgive me.   Disclaimer: I am not a financial advisor, this is for purely educational learning purposes.   I have some serious questions about AMC. I am concerned about the fact that the floating shares just increased because AMC let Silver Lake dump $600 million worth of shares to remove their debt. The short volume was 42mil shorted shares to 52mil floated shares in Jan 15 (last date from Marketbeat) but now I believe it will be 42mil shorted to 96mil floated shares next week. Unless the shorts are dumb enough to short those shares instead of covering, we might have an issue with the "inevitable" short squeeze. Unfortunately AMC doesn't have the same "guaranteed" short squeeze as GME.  I am wondering what everyone else thinks about the situation?  My Position: 1050 shares at $   Keep in my mind I got in before the Reddit hype and right after AMC announced that they have secured enough funding to be free from the dangers of bankruptcy. I figured that by summer time as moviegoers rush to the theaters, by Q2 earnings, AMC would be trading at $6-7. I never in my wild dreams though that it would be trading almost 3x my cost basis one week after I got in lol.  I like the stock!
Never forget almost a year ago when WSB was all    and we lost all our fucking money. Be careful autists
Back then the economy crashing seemed like a sure thing. Memes were posted every day to reassure our bias, even after the recovery started. I remember   fuckin inspired me to double down and buy even more puts.   I'M NOT SAYING $GME WILL GO DOWN. I THINK THIS SHIT IS BLASTING OFF MONDAY. BUT AT SOME POINT THE SQUEEZE WILL END. DO NOT BE THE LAST ONE HOLDING THE BAG. I went from up 500% to down 88% from diamond handing those fuckin puts to expiration. If you can't afford to lose, at least withdraw your initial investment so you're just playing with house money. This shit is unpredictable. Even when something seems like a sure bet, it can turn against you. And when it does, please post your loss porn.         EDIT: TO CLARIFY, IM NOT SELLING!! $GME to $10k by Friday next week. I WANT MY FUCKING TESLA!!!!
I'm seeing a lot of posts about transferring capital. How long does this actually take?
I, like you, would love to leave Robinhood. I already have a Fidelity account. I am terrified if I transfer my assets over, that they will be sitting in limbo for a week and I won't be able to sell them during the squeeze.  How long does this take? I'm so paranoid at this point that I'm worried if I even transfer some long term assets RH will pull something like putting my account in some "maintenance mode" or something and not let me sell. Basically I don't trust them, I want out, but I am so scared doing so now will screw me.  edit: I should also mention I am talking about both cash AND shares here.
$GME Endgame - Game Theory & Best Scenarios
For those confused why BUY and HOLD are the investors best strategy - both to stick it to hedge funds and profit - this post is to map this out.    HEDGEFUND RISK    First understand what's at risk for the hedge funds.    for any one of them and makes retail investors battle $80B vs. say an individual worth $2B.  Now let's assume short amount is 100% of float and they have reduced the high debt on Thursday's shady tactics.  This means to calculate daily interest we take:    50M shares in float (    25% interest rate = .25/365 = .07%/day   Share Price = $300  $300\ .07%\ 50M = $  in interest/day.  At $300 share price and $80B in funds as long as they continue to acquire the minimum # of shares needed they can keep this up for    21 years.      So that's their situation.  The question they are asking then is how do we improve our situation and ensure we gather enough shares to keep this going?        HEDGEFUND GAME THEORY    Ok so now assume you are a huge asshole that steals from poor people and has no respect for others.  You need    shares    and    you want to exit your position so you can make money elsewhere   \ .\   How do you do this?  There are three tactics likely:  1.	Settlement    Let's go back to our shares needed (50M) and value of the hedge funds ($80B).  Dividing that out we see that if they pay $1600/share they would be bankrupt.   To avoid bankruptcy but get out they likely will look for government intervention that has them pay $500-$1000/share   So how would you do this?  You first use your friends to      This is their best course of action because retail investors cannot do jack shit against it   Edit: As others have pointed out the settlement could be with other hedge funds that own shares, not just government intervention      2A) Test Pricing - Low    The first test they did was to see if they could scare us.  A   costs them nothing.  And if they keep price low enough they don't have to pay out on higher issued options.   Clearly the ladder attack was very effective Thursday and Friday up until \~2:30pm (I'll explain why later).  I expect them to use this as needed to keep price in a range     2B) Test Pricing - High    Another strategy is to find a  .  Essentially they let price run up a bit and hope that everyone sells to lock in profits.  This is more risky and will be used cautiously.   However I can't state this enough -   we might see price rise substantially on Monday in hopes that retail investors sell.       3) Work with GME to Issue Shares    If they think buying is dying down, a share issuance allows them to grab a number of these shares and exit   The reason this is not their best outcome is twofold: Retail investors can help subdue with a huge buy attack and GME has little incentive to upset a large portion of retail investors   Still, keep your eyes out for this to happen as it will be a pivotal point     Well this all sounds good and I need to get back to my yacht.  Let's do some price testing and call up our buddies to solve this in a couple weeks.  This can't go tits up.   Wrong.  Retail Investors still have the power.        RETAIL INVESTOR GAME THEORY    So now you are a smooth-brained ape.  What can you do to stick it to the twats?     1.	HOLD    If everyone holds then HFs can't get shares.  This leads to a long, drawn out fight or settlement.  But guess what - at least the HFs are losing millions of $s a day and unable to screw around with other stocks   This benefits the new retail investors because eventually your short-term gains become long-term gains (less taxes)     2) BUY    How do you prevent a wall of selling slowly lowering the price?  You build a wall of buying slowly raising the price!   Whether you realize it or not retail investors almost lost Friday afternoon. RIs had two days where buying was diminished (fuck Robinhood) and therefore the ladder attack let HFs set whatever price they needed.  Thankfully retail investors pulled it off in the final minutes (maybe thanks to a whale)   If retail investors continue to commit limit order buys to prevent the ladder attack from lowering price AND continue to adjust their limit order buys UP the price will go UP      This is the most important though - the retail investor must commit to the idea that there is no longer a "dip".        Price is now pre-squeeze and post-squeeze      If they can do this the retail investor wins.  The post-squeeze price will be where most retail investors want to sell (hopefully VERY HIGH) and all shares purchased post-squeeze will make profit     3) FIND WHALES    Anyone named Elon that wants to commit to the cause and also hates short sellers?     4) DO IT QUICKLY    HFs are spending 24/7 trying to find a way out.  The longer RIs let this drag on the longer a settlement is likely       RETAIL INVESTOR WINNING - WHAT TO EXPECT    Now that we understand that what will winning look like?  Well we have two outcomes:     1.	Successful Buy Wall Overwhelms The Shorts    This could literally happen tomorrow with enough power   The price will gamma squeeze, then squeeze, and then game is over   Watch for massive market dips     2) Retail Investors Own All The Shares    While unlikely there could be a situation where everyone is HOLDING and shorts can't get their shares   A ladder attack will lower the price to get retail investors to sell  - imagine a slow steady drop to $20/share   After waiting it out a month or two eventually the HFs fold and a real buy and a real ask will go through at whatever the retail investors deem the share price to be (again hopefully VERY HIGH)   EDIT: THIS IS VERY UNLIKELY AND JUST THEORY.  IT WOULD BE HISTORICAL TO SEE 100% OF ALL SHAREHOLDERS NOT PLACING AT LEAST ONE BUY AND ONE LIMIT SELL.       TL;DR      Hedge funds want to drag this out waiting for a settlement or retail investors to sell   The retail investors best strategy is to BUY and HOLD.   A successful retail investor strategy    eliminates the idea that there is "a dip" to create a buying wall.     There is only pre-squeeze and post-squeeze prices.   A buying wall - supported by a swath of limited order buys - by the retail investor will move price up slowly day after day until this over   One well-intentioned whale could end this tomorrow if they really cared   Don't be surprised to see a settlement with government or another party come through if this drags on       (This is not financial advise.  Do your own DD.)
I don't own a single share of $GME & I have got something to say...
... I know for the fact that it's going to be my biggest "wisha woulda shoulda coulda" regret I will be telling my grand children in future.  I watched the whole $GME saga from sidelines for past couple months and I am happy for all you retards making banks.  It's just my 30K annual salary, my stupid ass risk appetite and ever lasting debt doesn't allow me to hop on a 300$ a share price at this point. (I am in \~15K debt to be clear). Have nearly 1000$ worth spread out in $AMC $BB $NOK just because you retards suggested it and I wanted to be with you guys on (somewhat possibly) next rocket.  My rational mind tells me the $GME price's gonna go up 1000$+ mark and my "woulda shoulda coulda" is gonna get more intensified. But, my convicted mind tells me to keep watching from sidelines and support my fellow autistic retard buddies.  I just want to speak out one thing loud and clear to all the guys who got in at no matter what price. Just keep on Holding for your Dear Life.  All the GME left-outers love to watch the game and see hedge funds getting burned. Just burn 'em all.  The feelings of selling my grandpa's hand-made 30 year old house back in 2008 crisis and living on rent in a basement for next 5-7 years still burns my heart to ashes each time I think about it. I was a small kid back then but now I understand all of it. Every single thing.  "GME to the MOON & beyond!"
Ryan Cohen became a billionaire on Wall Street thanks to Reddit - GME effect     AMC is next
My account dropped 240k on Thursday. Did I care? No. Cause   Fucking. Hands. I’m not letting a hedge fund scare me. Take your money back and be your wife’s boyfriend!
THEY’RE FUCKING SCARED. We got em boys.
Firstly, not sure where everyone got in their head Friday was going to be the big day. Why not? Well:   Let me clear up some misinformation: market makers don’t buy shares all at once on Friday when the calls expire in the money; that would be fucking stupid. In simple terms, they buy as the chance of the call ending in the money rises (aka the stock price goes up), so they buy slowly on the days leading up to the expiration date. Their problem is that there is not enough liquidity in the market to have bought enough shares properly when those calls get exercised on Tuesday.   Next week is going to be the biggest week in my opinion. And if they didn’t close robinhood, we would be gamma squeezed up to 700-800 by now or even more. But they did illegal shit to get away with it, and delayed the inevitable. Our friends at robinhood will have hopefully liquidated and switched brokers by Monday and set off the gamma squeeze paired with the call exercises on Tuesday and MM’s not having enough shares hedged properly to deliver. My opinion.    You know the reason why they didn’t try that short naked ladder attack like they did that drive the price from 480 to 120 again yesterday??? Because we didn’t fucking sell. It wasn’t low enough for them to close very many short positions.  Looking at volume, at 120, nobody fucking sold. People probably bought the dip and took more shares off the market instead. They know that, that’s why they didn’t try to use it to bring the price to 120 again yesterday, and only kept it in the 250 ish range. that moment made me FUCKING TRUST YOU GUYS SO MUCH. The fact that MAJORITY STILL DID NOT SELL IS UNBELIEVABLE. They’re probably thinking the same thing.   They’re literally shitting their pants. They have every professional risk analyst, Harvard data scientist, Harvard mathematicians, and the best financial analysts in the world working on this.   Unless the SEC or FED step in (I don’t think the SEC will:   They have no choice but to make us sell— and the only way they are going to do this is by psychologically torturing us until we do it. Bots spamming shit, robinhood cancelling, CNBC spreading fucking fear everywhere, short naked ladder attacks.       TLDR ⁺ THE ANSWER?          Turn your fucking brain OFF. trust the process. Ignore EVERYTHING you see that comes from the media, and more importantly don’t let any fluctuations in the price faze you, IT IS ALL ARTIFICIAL DESPERATE ATTEMPTS AT SURVIVING. Trust the fact that these shitheads are working literally this next 48 hour weekend straight and sweating and screaming and crying and begging for bailouts, and meeting behind closed doors to come up with more shitty tactics, which won’t work on us because were NEVER FUCKING SELLING. We sit at home with the shares jerking off and spending our time chilling, while they’re in emergency overdrive mode. The fact that we have RETAIL INVESTORS who are willing to lose the money to prove a point, and are not scared, and don’t understand that much is ACTUALLY OUR BIGGEST ADVANTAGE RIGHT NOW.   IMPORTANT:  don’t get burnt out or they WIN. I watch the ticker all day from 8 to 5:30. It’s so draining and I cannot keep it up forever WHICH IS EXACTLY WHAT THEY WANT. come Monday, I am not looking at the stock until 1. I’m going to exercise, eat healthy shit, drink water, spend time with the family and set some time aside NOT thinking about GME. The exact thing they want is that we lose momentum or get stressed out and sell to ease our mind. Don’t let them win.    I own GME, this is purely speculation, I don’t know anything for certain, and it is all my opinion. I like the stock, and believe in its fundamentals and leadershiP.    E D I T: THINKING ABOUT NOT LEAVING Robinhood yet for one reason or another?   Copied from my response to a comment below about someone saying it would take too long to liquidate and move to robinhood:   Don’t liquidate your GME holdings, just take your extra cash you want to put in to GME and put it in another broker account ASAP.   Robinhood is completely controlled by the person we’re fighting against. When we had momentum yesterday, they changed the 5 share buy max to 2 then to 1. They will always kill momentum because they are owned by the people we are fighting against. They will never allow you to buy again.   In my opinion you should have switched brokers the moment this news came out. I think you can get it set up for Tuesday which I believe will be the biggest day. Letting us by 5 then 2 then 1 share? They have professional analysts; they know the limit that can be bought for them to be successful; and they can control the buying limit. if they can do this; they are basically guaranteed a win. They are controlled by the big guys, you have to get OUT.
I'm your $MSTR. 1 month returns.
You retards are the best!!! I thought I would never see gains like this! Still got my 10 shares of GME and 20 shares of AMC!!        🤚
What will happen long term with Gamestop?
Lets talk Phase III.   Melvin and others who are doing the ladder shorts, scaring a few to get shares but not enough to save themselves.  Ive read that Melvin and others are paying 3% daily interest on their shorts.   Lets assume a $1B short that went against them to the tune of $10B in losses. They are effectively paying 3% or $300M a day to maintain that short. Only they can't get out because there are no true sellers, just bullshit ladder games by other shorters. Eventually Melvin cannot pay that $300M ($  a week) margije requirement. The price increases and their short goes red $20B, now they have $600M a day to carry the short. Just can't continue.    So they become insolvent, and a bigger firm assumes the risk of their short. GME hits $10K a share and now that bigger firm has a $3B a day margin risk! They go down.   Two ways this works out for the shorts, 1, enough people cash out so they can cover. 2 Gamestop themselves sell massive shares into the frenzy. They get to Cohen and he releases millions of shares, GME files an action to raise capital to restructure and sells 100M shares to do that (directly to hedges at a predetermined price so they can cover).   Lets talk what if now.
I can’t even go to the zoo without hearing about us!
Have any of the rest of you just heard random conversations about GME and WSB?   Today I’m with my family at the zoo, just enjoying animals (the apes look great), and I’ve overheard no less than 3 conversations about everything this week. It’s so strange because I think in all the years I’ve participated here, I’ve never really had a conversation with anyone, let alone overheard someone else. Now it’s everywhere.  It’s just a fascinating ripple.  Edit: Proof
Not invested in GME but support the cause? Go buy something from Gamestop?
There's six million people here. I'd guess most of you from America. What are you doing this weekend? Why don't you all go out and buy ONE item from your local Gamestop? No matter how small. Something for yourself or a present for someone you know.  The company is due it's next earning report in March. Some of us who don't need the money are planning on holding right to the end. Some of us are planning on being the bagholders so those who need the money can cash out. Give us a big bag to hold.   Send company earnings through the roof and treat yourself at the same time.  I'm not qualified to be giving financial advice so criticisms to my rationale welcome.  Tldr: Apes together strong. GME                        Edit: Also download the app. Beware the new accounts with low karma gently encouraging you away from GME. Do your own research and hold the stocks you want and the stocks you love. DIAMOND HANDS
A Friendly Reminder to BANG (BB, AMC, NOK, GME) Gang
I hope you are all doing fine on this glorious weekend.  While staying inside and looking at WallStreetBets is extremely enticing, I would just like to remind all BANG (BB, AMC, NOK, and GME) shareholders to remember to drink water, eat, go outside and get some sun, do some other stuff besides scrolling through reddit, sleep well, and to not sell and hold.  This is the revolution of our time. Decades of oppression by big hedge funds, manipulating the market when they are wrong, taking advantage of the average investor...  This all needs to stop.  "If you're poor, just invest," they say.  Well look at us now.          Edit: for those looking for a broker to trade:    Edit 2: DON'T GET DISTRACTED, BUY GME OVER ALL THE OTHER STOCKS, BUT HOLD BB AMC AND NOK IF YOU DON'T HAVE ENOUGH MONEY TO BUY GME
FEAR INDUCING ADS
This was a copy pasta from a comment but the page refreshed before i can copy the users name:  TL:DR: HOLD  Get ready for FUD (Fear Uncertainty Doubt)   on the weekend. It's already starting.  The number of posts with supposed "level headed" advice about how a short squeeze is much more difficult to achieve than we all think, how other stocks are also valuable, and how the strong and powerful hedge funds have much more cards up their sleeve and to "rethink your strategy" but still "Go GME!! I am one of you guys!", always with a few rewards sticked to them, is exploding and will be getting progressively worse in the weekend most certainly.  Does a post sow Fear, or Uncertainty, or Doubt in any way in you? Think for yourself.  Hedge Fund interns have now learned how reddit works and want to part you with your GME shares.  ALWAYS check the up / downvote ratio and read the comments before getting swayed by whatever semi correct sounding bullshit they're spouting. Oh how desperate they now have become.  I LIKE THE STOCK.  This is not financial advice. I eat crayons.  EDIT:   🤲  EDIT 2: SAVE YOUR AWARDS RETARDS AND BUY MORE SHARES. BUY THE DIP!  Originally written by: u/tyanuh
Can someone who genuinely believes amc is going to 50+ give me an explanation as to why?
To start this off with I’m not doubting amc. I’m holding 100 shares   I’m just doing some research here. I’m seeing a lot of people say it’s gonna be the next gme but I just don’t see it happening. I definitely do see it going up Monday because of the incoming gamma squeeze but the shorts have stepped up there game since game stop. They’re manipulating the market more than ever. and this things not nearly as shorted as GME. So what are your honest price predictions and why?
The media narrative vs the WSB I know
Some of us have been around here a while.  I have personally been reading and participating in WSB since we were around 600K strong.  Seeing the explosive growth here recently) is unreal.  The media coverage is also unreal.  Unfortunately, some are painting the group as a monolithic entity -- a raging, disgraceful mob bent on destruction.  Sure - some of the language here is obscene and the culture is undeniably childish.  But let me tell you some of the stuff I've seen:     \ Multiple stories of members who have used profits to buy Nintendos for children's hospitals, food for health care workers, donations to charities, etc.  This has happened many times before when members made large profits on other positions.  How many hedge fund managers would have done the same had they bankrupted GME?  \ A doctor (maybe a surgeon?) had a long-standing position on $AMD and made a significant profit.  He posted about it one day and folks were jokingly asking for money  (the typical "hi, it's me your son...." approach).  One person mentioned they were a medical student with a huge amount of loans.  The doctor contacted him personally, gave him advice, and helped with $ for loans.  \ Recently, a gentleman living in his car posted how he had placed $600 on GME call options now worth >$100,000.  The mantra here has been hold, hold, hold with anyone selling facing the potential of a relentless onslaught of insults.  In in this case, countless members encouraged him to cash out at least some of the position to afford housing, food, and warmth.  Countless posts of support and well wishes.    \ Likewise, folks posted support and congratulatory messages for someone who was able to secure some profits and buy delayed christmas presents that were unobtainable.  The sheer joy in his post and his newfound ability to bring happiness to others was heartwarming.  \ Countless posts of support.  While everyone here messes around with everyone else, there is actually a really nice undercurrent where when someone is in real trouble, there is countless outpouring of support.     Now - with countless bots and new accounts with unclear motives, these types of things are harder to find.  But it is important that this subreddit not be portrayed as a group of $Yahoos or a mob or whatever else the talking heads on financial news networks (with now overtly obvious motives) are saying.
Stop posting market statistics without citing your sources!!
Just what the title says. I'm getting sick of reading all these repackaged versions of some other DD post someone saw and then karma whoring for it. If you're going to put information out, cite your sources. Put up a screen shot. Link the information. And for God's sake check the fucking date it was updated.   I've seen short interest percentages from in the 90's to in the 200's within the same hour of posting. STOP! Put up good information or GTFO. Paraphrasing a retarded who paraphrased another retard who saw something on Yahoo Finance isn't helping anyone.   TLDR: Show me your work or get fucked.
"If YoU wAnT tO gAmBlE, uSe A cAsInO" , we are. WSB isn't the problem, WSB unveiled the problem.
Here is a rant that nobody cares about, but it's good enough to read, I'll even give you a TLDR now.  TLDR: We are this way, because it's the only way we are allowed to be, as retail traders.  Now that that's out of the way, lets look at it from a normie traders point of view.     1.   Pattern Day Trading:   Why does it exist? To protect us? From what? Do you ask for a W2 for everyone literally walking into a casino to see if they are capable of losing what they are risking? No, they are free to spend as they please. Funny, I thought that's what a free market was for too? 2.   Market Makers:   You want us to literally just stop, leave, and use a casino? Use DraftKings and that sort of platform, ok. Now what, how do you make your money off of "dumb money" when it's gone? You need us, we need you. 3.   \ WHY\  is a collective of people on Reddit such a danger?:   For the sake of arguing, before this happened, there were 800,000 of us just being collectively dumb together. LETS JUST SAY, combined, we had 1 billion dollars between 800,000 people. That's scary? You lost   in the first wave of short losses, then asked for help for another 3b. Do you know what that means? THAT MEANS, that hedge funds, as a collective, is the problem, NOT REDDIT. 4.   When we got together, it was a crime, when you got together, it was not a problem?   How can we be "investors" in a rigged game, literally, please explain it. We HAVE TO GAMBLE to make money, because those are YOUR RULES. 5.   Trading is passive income, not a job:   Yeah, it's a passive way to kill time for 95% of us, make a little side money, couple grand here or there, sometimes get lucky and make 10k. This is a lot for regular people, it's literally NOTHING to you, but debt payment and vacation funds for us. 6.   We are Degenerates and Dumb Money:   If a large group of dumb people cost you money is a   why is a large group of smart people (you market makers and hedge funds) that manipulate costs to take dumb moneys money away, allowed?  Anyways, there is a list 3 miles long.  GameStop isn't about GameStop, it's a beacon of reason, it could have been any stock, Citron just picked the target and we used it.  Good Luck Diamond Handing gents. Think about it this way. No matter what happens,   THEY HAVE LOST MORE MONEY THIS MONTH  , than what average day traders have collectively made in 5 years. Let that sink in.  Edit: This blew up, appreciate all the support!  I recently saw this video, it's 10 minutes long, but the    first 3 are incredibly important!         Jim Cramer    exposes what illegal activities hedge funds and short sellers do to manipulate the market.   . They literally take advantage of the SEC not knowing what they do.  Hold strong brothers
We like the stock, and Burry might like the "$STONK"

WE HAVE MORE POWER THAN ANYONE AMC GME        on Monday, we have musks, Chamaths, Cubans, Portnoys, and politicians supports like AOC and Cruz etc
You're Goddamn Right
I think this is something that CNBC is missing. GME is technically not speculation.
I’ve heard multiple interviews on the news saying “no way this price is justifiable! This is speculation!” And the other responds “isn’t that what investing is? Speculation?”  WELL GME isn’t technically speculation. Historically when more than 100% of a stock is shorted and people hold the stock when shorts are forced to buy back, PRICE GOES UP.  This isn’t speculation. I have a 3rd grade reading level but that makes sense to me somehow.  I may be dumb but I’m not sTooPID. ASTRONAUT BEERS ON ME WHEN WE HIT THE ASTROID BELT!    Disclaimer: This ain’t financial advice. I made it out of high school because my daddy gave my English teacher NBA tickets.
ɥnƃ
People just need another broker app that has a slick design and simple UI to move on from RH
Let’s face it, the only thing good about RH is their intuitive user interface. They’re horrible at executing orders, can’t close spreads with more than two legs, constantly glitching and make stupid mistakes like forgetting to code in leap year. Throughout the years they’ve made enough blunders and whenever that happened people got mad and swore to move out but a lot of them ended up staying because other broker apps (so far) all look much more complicated and make people especially novice traders feel at a loss.   RH is like a pretty girl with an empty head, she’s easy to use but so stupid sometimes you just want to dump her but damn she’s got a sexy body you can’t let go.  Luckily design is much easier to replicate. All we need is a new trading app that looks similar in layout but runs with a better system and integrity, like a lady that’s beautiful with brains. It will be only a matter of time before people move on and dump this stupid pos.  -edited for grammar-
Some AAPL DD for you retards
Alright retards and autists, listen up. AAPL earnings were last week and they were spectacular, sales up 21% YOY, SMASHED 100 billion in revenue in one quarter for the first time ever at   billion, sales in all product categories are up double digit percentage points and bassicaly crushed the revenue estimates for every one of their product categories aside from being under by   for mac revenue (mac revenue still up 21% YOY). Earnings per share were at $  vs the estimated $  It's also important to note that sales in China, Hong Kong and Taiwan are up 57%.  But what happened? You ask, like a wide eyed retard fresh outta mommies cunt. We've all seen this shit before, blowout earning report and a steep sell off straight afterwards. It's why only the retardiest of retards play earnings. They almost always recover after said sell off and If you look at the chart, apple is prime for a swift recovery judging by the Extremely bullish Batman throwing a batarang pattern that developed in the last few hours on friday.     The reason I believe the recovery will be swift is because this sell off was almost certainly caused by a few big funds needing liquidity to cover their GME shorts + short more GME. Also autists liquidating their positions to buy more gme. This dip will be bought right back up by institutions that have no interest in GME.  TLDR; AAPL going back over 140 by the end of next week cuz I said so.  Postions: AAPL FEB 05 140c , AAPL MAR 05 145c
Increasing GME'S Value as a Brand
Brand valuation depends on what customers will pay for a brand name, minus the cost of product.  The question is, how much more will people pay for GameStop branded merchandise, compared to a month ago.  GameStop's value is in that it represents rebellion and a striving for fairness- not only from the original short interest, but even more from the media and hedgies blaming retain investors.  Perhaps a stock price of $100 isn't sustainable, but $50 may be.  And this would still obliterate the hedgies, as their positions would still cost them 10-15 x their shorts, and 50-100x the calls they sold.  And if GameStop could demonstrate the legitimacy of this valuation, it would prevent SEC shenanigans that release short interest of their obligations.  ITT we brainstorm what products GameStop could brand, with the cache of their brand. My vote is a GameStop-branded BlackBerry phone, specializing in simple games, or a unique social chat app.  Here are some others, not my own:  I could foresee a Blackberry/GameStop ecosystem that, shunned by Google, could be a good barrier to normies. And BlackBerry could sell it as being more secure, instead of the criticism of being exclusionary.
Robinhood CEO Vlad Tenev Gave $2,800 to Reps. Waters, McHenry - WTH!!!!! 😖😖😖
Bought a Billboard AD in San Jose! Running Next Week
I have blurred the stocks I cannot show on WSB due to rules. Took a heavy loss (for me) Thursday. Sold all but one holding and bought more GME     on the dips Friday. Brought the avg down. I'll be buying more on Monday. Holding   . I hope this isn't deleted.
I might make 150USD a month but I'm holding GME!! Tiny reinforcement from Asia and a story of how unfair things have been for me and others.
