It's not about the money, it's about sending a message.
Math Professor Scott Steiner says the numbers spell DISASTER for Gamestop shorts
Exit the system
The CEO of NASDAQ pushed to halt trading “to give investors a chance to recalibrate their positions”.     Now SEC is investigating, brokers are disallowing buying more calls. This is the institutions flat out admitting they will change the rules to bail out the rich but if it happens to us, we get a “well shucks you should have known investing is risky! have you tried cutting out avocados and coffee, maybe doing Uber on the side?”  We may have collectively driven up enough sentiment in wall street to make other big players go long on GME with us (we do not have the money to move the stock as much as it did alone). we didn’t hurt wall street as a whole, just a few funds went down while others went up and profited off the shorts the same as us. The media wants to pin the blame on us.  It should be crystal clear that this is a rigged game by now. Its time to build new exchanges that can’t arbitrarily change the rules on us. Cr\ \ o has some version of these, maybe they can be repurposed to be trade stock without government intervention. I don’t know exactly what it will look like yet, but the broad next steps i see are - 1. exit the current financial system 2. build a new one.
NEW SEC FILING FOR GME! CAN SOMEONE LESS RETARDED THAN ME PLEASE INTERPRET?
Not to distract from GME, just thought our AMC brothers should be aware of this
WE BREAKING THROUGH
SHORT STOCK DOESN'T HAVE AN EXPIRATION DATE
Hedgefund whales are spreading disinfo saying Friday is make-or-break for $GME. Call options expiring ITM on Friday will drive the price up if levels are maintained, but may not trigger the short squeeze.  It may be Friday, but it could be next week the we see the real squeeze.  DON'T PANIC IF THE SQUEEZE DOESN'T HAPPEN FRIDAY.  It's not guaranteed to. The only thing that is guaranteed mathematically is that the shorts will have to cover at some point in the future. They are trying to get enough people hooked on the false expectation of Friday so that if/when it doesn't happen, enough will sell out of panic/despair. DON'T BE THAT PERSON.  WE LIKE THE STOCK
THIS IS THE MOMENT
Life isn't fair. My mother always told me that when I would complain about arbitrary treatment. I would play by the rules and someone else would ignore them. When they would win I would appeal to the first authority for an explanation. "Are you going to let them get away with this"? "Life isn't fair". No, it is not. The game is the game. Always.  In this moment, the fascade cracks further. When the first breach was made I do not know, perhaps it was Socrates, but today I see thousands. Millions.   Once they were laughing, luxuries falling out of their disgusting diseased mouths as they cackled. The unmistakable stench of derision carried on their breath. They told anyone outside of their elite class that we were fools for even trying. They told us that we were naive. We needed networks to be successful. We needed polish. We needed expertise. We needed THEM. The game is the game. Always.   They are no longer laughing. Their odious oeuvre still wafts through the air. While the rot, and hate, and condescention, remains, the noxious air betrays a new addition. Something all together disconcerting. What it betrays, is fear. They are afraid. And they should be. We do not need their inherited resources masked as acumen. A new day dawns. The day where we make an ever so slight step towards what they fear the most. An even field. Life becoming ever so slighty more fair.   AND. THEY. ARE. SCARED. They look at us and see roughness. We look at them and see softness. We are both correct in our estimation.  The game is the game. Always.  Fuck them in the street. Fuck them all in the street. We are the righteous. We are blessed by Phoebe. What started here will echo through time in the eons to come. Mount up and ride with the fury of a thousand rockets into the universal filament. May the wind always be at your back and the sun upon your face. And may the wings of destiny carry you aloft, to dance with the stars.  GME@everything BB@everything
Currently Holding AMC and NOK - Is it retarded that I think I should move it all to GME today?
I have nothing to say but BRUH I am speechless TO THE MOON
We need to keep this movement going, we all can make history!
I believe right now is one of those rare opportunities that we all can help and do good. Some of these companies like GME, AMC are good companies that's been hit hard by this pandemic. Hedgefunds and Wallstreet just want to short these companies to zero and make millions.    I really think right now we have enough support and enough of us to change that direction in history. Wallstreet says  well weak companies need to just go. 10 yrs down the road though I want to be able to watch a movie in a movie theater with my family. If we all buy and hold in what we believe in it gives these companies a second chance and we as a group can stop these companies from being shorted to death and just disappear. Just my 2 cents!
GME Premarket   Musk approved
Once you're done with GME - $AG and $SLV, the gentleman's short squeeze, driven by macro fundamentals
You guys are c . GME... who would have thought a bunch of crazy retards could reach the front page of the New York Times.  And when you're done with GME, it's time to punish the big banks who have been suppressing the price of silver since the Bear Stearns / JPM merge. It's all in fucking Bloomberg:     There's an excellent explanation of their scheme here     You think GME squeezed hard? Look what happened to silver half a year ago in July:        That's one of the banks getting squeezed out of silver, having to cover their shorts... and that's just because rich boomers freaked out about financial instability and finally started calling out the Comex on their bullshit, and taking physically delivery of silver... which they don't have.  Now imagine 4 million degenerates buying $SLV, forcing the trust to take delivery of physical silver from the Comex. This isn't GME, who's fair price is maybe around $5 a share. The FAIR price of silver based on the historical gold/silver ratio is almost surely over $50/ounce. This short squeeze will be a fantastic success even if we can take silver to it's fair market value.  And then there's $AG. Because once silver starts moving, $AG is going to go to the fucking moon. 1) it's a leverage play on silver, 2) It's got it's OWN SHORTS TO BE SQUEEZED OUT. At least a 23% short float as of last count:      TL;DR: Once this thing gets going, shares and calls of $SLV and $AG will      rocket.     Edit:
$GME price has nothing to do with fundamentals and everything to do with financial economics
Firstly, all of you diamond hands and smooth-brains are hereby promoted to Brigadier General today. Paper hands should be ashamed to succumbing to the pressure from dementor hedge funds.  I would also like to preface this post with the fact that this is not a war on billionaires, the wealthy yada yada, but it may well be described as a resistance against injustice, inequiality, poverty, rigged rules, uneven playing field etc which has been   on Wall Street forever.  Billionaires are not baddies, at least not all of them. It's what they decide to do with their wealth that is the problem. Using one's wealth perpetuate inequality and injustice is not cool. If all hedge funds were dismantled tomorrow, there will be absolutely no negative consequences to society or social fabric. Hedge funds are not the greatest capital allocators. In fact they are shit at it and the last couple of weeks have proven it.  Sending lots of love to the following billionaires / millionaires: Elon, Chamath, Ryan Cohen, even Warren Buffet and Dr Michael Burry  Fuck you's: Gabe Plotkin (Melvin Capital), Steve Cohen (Point72), Leon Shaulov and Rob Crespi (Maplelane Capital), Ken Griffin (Citadel)  \                  Now to the main part. What you fellow degenerates, smooth-brains and soft-heads have discovered is called a 'market inefficiency' and are correcting it. The market is acting exactly like it's intended to act.   You are not the problem, you are actually the solution.       Why fundamentals don't matter?     Fundamentals stopped mattering the moment $GME's short interest breached 100% of the available float. See, markets should work as a two way function (you should be able to derive x from y and y from x). There is no possibility at all to buy more than 100% of the available float at any point in time, so why would it be possible to short more than 100% of the float? Why would the market allow such an asymmetric property? Well it shouldn't and the market would and is correcting that.     So what does matter?     What really matters now is first principles. Yes, exactly like Papa Elon resumes most of his thought processes as far away from foolish abstractions (read 'fundamentals') down to first principles, this is exactly the same thing what the market is doing right now.  The fools at CNBC (fuck you Wapner - hope you are reading this), CNN, Boomerberg have described the price as being irrational, devoid of logic and reason. So let's break this down for them starting from first principles, Economics 101.  Supply and demand form the most crucial concepts of economics. Whether you are an academic, farmer, banker, hedge fund loser, smooth-brain redditor or a CNBC reporter, the basic premise of supply and demand equilibrium is integrated into your daily actions. Only after understanding the basics of this can the more complicated aspects be mastered.  So let's look at the demand and supply of $GME shares  Demand side:    Bullish investors - it is no secret that a lot of the investors have taken a position after the narrative around $GME's business model and future prospects are significantly more optimistic with Ryan Cohen now in the driving seat. Now that brankruptcy is out of the question, it is for each investor to decide what the fair value for the stock is. I will leave this part to each one of you individually, as I am just a degenerate smooth-brain redditor that doesn't know shit.   MMs (no, not market manipulators, just market makers) - these guys sold a ton of short-dated call options to you and haven't learned a shit from what happened last Friday. They are going exactly the same path this friday. There are now around 300k of OI that are ITM (probably more by end of today), which translates into 30M shares that need to be found to the option holders by EOD tomorrow.   SS (no not the nazi troops, jsut the short sellers) - yeah, you know exactly what's going on here, since this is the essence of the story. Short sellers borrowed around 70M shares and must get them at any price.  Supply side:    Float - these are the shares that are openly traded and exchange hands every day. Around 51M shares (probably less since you all have diamond hands)   Share issuance - the company can decide to issue new shares. I believe $GME shelf issuance ammount is around $100M. At yesterday's share price of $347, that's only   shares. But let's round up to 1M  So what do we get:  Demand = 30M from MMs + 70M from SSs + 10M from bullish investors (this number is out of thin air, I have no clue what it should be).   Total demand: 110M    Supply = 51M from float + 1M from share issuance.   Total supply: 52M    Demand / Supply ratio:    I will let CNBC, Boomerberg, CNN find another security, commodity, bond or whatever that has that demand / supply ratio and then make judgement on the price for $GME shares.  Finally,  the invisible hand  is a metaphor introduced by the 18th-century Scottish philosopher and economist Adam Smith, characterizes the unseen forces that move the free market economy. It is that very invisible hand that came back to slap the shit out of the 'masters of the universe' hedge funds that decided to ignore the most basic principles of economics.  If any of the hedge fund dementors read this, note that the free market will always, always humble you and put you back where you belong. Fuck you!  TL;DR: $GME                Obligatory: I am not your financial adviser, in fact I am a financial degenerate that likes buying FDs
I Love You Retards!!!!
420 wasn’t a meme. GME
To The Mass Relays & Beyond
I come back to you now... At the turn of the tide.
9 words brought to you by the fuckers at the SEC
Daily Discussion Thread for January 28, 2021
Your daily trading discussion thread. Please keep the shitposting to a minimum.                                                         DD         Discussion         YOLO         Gain         Loss              Read the   and make sure other people follow them.    Try  , also accessible through the top bar.
GME   Pre-Market. Repeat after me: $1000 is not a meme.
We need to stick together and    the ever lovin shit out of this opportunity. We will leave no man or woman behind! Forward! Together!
This is our time. If anyone will listen to you, please explain to them why GME is one of the very best investments they can make right now. I have already gotten 5 people close to me to research what is happening and they decided to dump everything into GME. NOT AMC, NOT NOK, NOT BB, but GME. After last night's AH manipulation I am not selling until at least 5k to 10k a share. We need to encourage people to have the courage to hold. We finally have the power to change our futures. They want us begging again and again for stimulus checks while they laugh at us as they sip c  from gold plated glasses. We are a fucking joke to them. Well, now, how the fuck does it feel? This is our chance at financial freedom. This is our moment. Fellow poors! Rise up! We will be enslaved no more!
Patcher and other media outlets calling this a "Ponzi scheme".
I'm so proud of how far this subreddit has come
I still remember when I first joined and most people here were going all in on binary options trades on things like trial results being positive or negative from a pharmaceutical company. Back when penny stocks weren't against the rules, the days of delisted tickers like OMVS and the others. I know a lot of you (about 2 million in the past couple of days) are new here, but I just wanted to say this has been one hell of a journey over the years with you guys.  I joined WSB back when I was still in highschool. I feel like I've grown up with you guys. I still remember losing $2000 on my 21st birthday when one of these biopharm companies we were all playing released their trial phase results. That was a lot of money to me then, still is to be honest, but I'll be damned if I didn't have a hell of a time and learn a lot of valuable information in losing that couple thousand dollars. I still remember how happy I was when i logged in one day to see i had finally earned a flair in my favorite subreddit as well.  It's 5 am here and I'm kind of cooked right now off the sauce, so I'm probably rambling at this point, but I just wanted you to know that I love you all and you're all some very unique people. Being here in this sub is proof enough of that to me. I hope you are all blessed with as many tendies as you can eat. And remember, whatever happens, it's never aloha, we'll always see each other once again boys and girls.  positions: 100% cash, still waiting to fomo @ the top for the sweet sweet loss porn  edit: for positions
Technical Analysis of GameStop ($GME) - TO THE MOON
Really? I can’t even buy GME or AMC for now?
I’ve got a friend who is all in on GME
Y'all broke it. How do we fix it? Any advice?
JUST PUT IN ANOTHER 30K IN NOK CALLS LET'S GO! $GME $NOK BUY AND HOLD
It ain’t much, but I’m in! From Germany to the moon !
Are we ready to attack the Citadel !!!!

Another devastating hit, Europoors using Trading212 can have their positions closed anytime. No new positions as well   We will HOLD as long as we can!
$GME back up to ~350USD after hours
I don’t have as much as the rest of you guys but after being in this sub since 2016 I finally made fucking money boys! Positions PLTR, BB, GME, NOK, SU, RIDE. I love you all to Valhalla!
They're trying to say this was all done by 'Nazis' now...
My brokerage wants to force close my GME calls
My brokerage called me and asked me to close my 115 calls expiring this friday. If I wouldn't close them at todays market open, they'd do it, and they'd do it for all customers with GME options expiring this friday. I could open a position expiring next week if I wanted to.     Their reasoning was that I didn't have enough cash to exercise the calls and they don't know if trading of GME will be halted for some time in the next few days. Therefore my calls would get exercised with my balance in the negative.     Now, I'm fine with closing the position and rolling it out to next week and a higher strike, since I also have a ton of shares. But this still sounds fishy to me, like they wanted to minimize the amount of shares they'd have to buy to hedge for another gamma squeeze. They told me I "also had other positions that were heavily covered in the media, but those were fine, GME realls is a big exception right now"     \      Edit: After I was being sceptical on the phone and asked if they could just close shit like that, he told me it was "a very unusual situation with big risk involved"     I told him that there are apparently enough hedge funds with no risk management either, and that we wouldn't be in this situation otherwise. But he didn't seem like he wanted to hear that.
Guys i just want to say , i never been more proud being a redditor in my life
Iacta alea est
I was the lucky one in my family.  In 2008 I was in the middle of my first enlistment.  My college had been taken care of beforehand, because I'd been accepted into a program at UMass Boston for high school students with above-average grades.  A week after graduating high school I received a degree in psychology and went off to be a Marine.  I remember 2008.  I remember my father's savings being nuked, his portfolio going to zero.  Twenty years in the United States Navy and he'd had his savings completely obliterated because of the collapse that Wall Street caused.  I remember my mother calling me in the middle of the night--I was in Okinawa, Japan at the time--and crying because the savings were gone.  That day I started sending a measly $1,000 a month to my family to take care of bills and keep my siblings fed.  My grandmother's retirement was gone in the blink of an eye but she survived, because she loved her job (she was still working in her 60s at a retirement home).  But she had to get a reverse mortgage to keep the house.  I didn't have to send money too long--only about five months--until my father got a better job, and my mother was able to get her own job as well.  But I remember the desperation in her voice.  I'm 34 now.  I've done my time in the military.  No pension, I didn't serve long enough.  But now I can look at this entire debacle and fucking laugh.  I'm a capitalist at heart.  I support being paid for your services.  But I remember the bullshit you engaged in, and I know many others do as well.  Occupy Wall Street did fuck all to you.  But now the internet has given way to arguably the worst thing for you: actual communication and planning.  Now you're seeing what a group of people who loathe everything you stand for can do to you in days.  You won't learn from it, though, which is okay.  This may not keep happening, but every time you decide to attempt something like this the fear will be there, in the back of your mind.  I wish I could have gotten in on this.  I'm not able to spend money like many of these people can.  But I hope it hurts, and it seems like it is.  And there should be no mercy in a situation like this.  Hound them until they concede.  And always remember the motto of the Marine Corps, "Semper fidelis"--Always Faithful.
Rocketship to Mars!
# Hold/Buy until GME marketcap is higher than the GDP of the planet!               # Team work is dream work!!! COME ON LADS & LADIES!!!!
There is an alternative to this system
How fucking stupid is it that retail gets no chance to participate in any stage of an ipo - I’ve always thought how incredibly fucked up is it that hundreds of people who have literally nothing to do with the formation or creation of a company are buying a pre-ipo at $10 then selling it to millions of retail at $100 only to watch it crash back to $5. We sit there terrified hoping the big guys throw us a bone. For those of us here at WSB the last 5 years this leads to massive disillusionment. And it’s all fun and games because everyone on the inside wins. How stupid is it that there is no transparency to the underpinnings of valuation and that there is 0 regulation of shorting a company and fucking it’s employees beyond 100% float just to control the asset?  When the dust settles be aware there is a massively growing system that does exists which does not allow this that is called decentralized finance. Worth learning about the future early   Edit: I don’t know for sure but I predict The GME situation ends when the government prints the $ to give to Melvin and friends bc this is an inflationary system and that’s what happens. They’ll be upset they didnt just print the $ earlier. The De-FI space is backed by deflationary systems and it’s worth understanding why that’s so profoundly different.
Feeling like exercising, dunno may delete this later

GME Gang - 34 Consecutive Days on NYSE Threshold Securities List (Still on the list?!)
Woke up to an extra $25k. Think the app took a while to update  ‍♂️ ‍♂️ FIZZ gain update 27 Jan 2021 v2
Why is GME blank I have 2 screen shots 2am cali time. Wtf is going on?
THE DARK STOCK RISES....
The real price for GME is infinity, but at that price your option is worth nothing.
Lets imagine GME has gone to 50,000. The market has gone offerless, when you exercise your option instead of stock you get 'oops, please wait while we connect you to our operator' and your shitty broker is simply ghosting you and turning off the phone line. Even your stupid lawyer refuses the case because supereme court has suspended the constitution for GME stock holders.  But lets do some maths. If every person on the sub bought 1 call option strike 100. At price 50k that means the seller is liable for 49900x100x2,000,000= 10trillion.  This will destroy not only the dirty dealing worthless billionaires and the shitty market making crooks, it will destroy the entire economy and not a single one of you will get paid because no one has 10 trillion to pay you, and even if they had, they wouldnt, the fed is not going to print 10 T so you can make your gains, no way. The US financial market is a hollow crooked ponzi and has been for years and there is no way they can stand or accept this hit.  The real price for GME is infinity but at that price, unfortunately your call option is worth nothing. It will be reneged.
OG's......Prepare to show the world who we are
The time has come for us to show the world who we really are and what we are truly capable of. There is no one else better on the PLANET to hold on to this squeeze than the OGs of this sub. We spend our days swinging on volatility that would make others cry. We don't blink an eye at a position down 70%, knowing it's headed to 600% in the green. Most of us have been preparing for this moment our entire trading careers. We were made for this.  This Friday the old guard is going to send us all on a vomit inducing #GRAVITATIONAL #GAMMA #CAPTURE. They have likely been selling poots and buying debit call spreads up and down the chain. That paired with pure insanity on the call side of the chain is going to ignite the boosters on perhaps one of the largest gamma squeezes ever seen. As we start to lift off, they will begin arresting the rocket with shorts and buying back calls as we start to cash out our options. Eventually gravity will take over plunging #DeepValue I back to earth. As they continue to short, others will begin to panic sell speeding up the   we are the force to create terminal velocity.   As the dust settles   the  🤚s we lost along the way and the rest of the world look up to see us standing there, unflinching, staring at the MMs, the MSM, the shorts and everyone   if nothing   DFV post the     up   world will never be the same.      Good luck gentlemen           Above is my unprofessional   accordingly.
Here's a little background about one of the lenders who gave Melvin money
To all who is supporting GME( movie land, the brick phone, etc..), we shall go to the next galaxy. Limit sell 1000.  To those who wants to regulate the market because retail traders are causing "problems", fuck off into the corner. Maybe hole punch your dollar bills and fuck it because we're only withdrawing in 100s.     As you're all aware, Point72(along with citadel) injected \  into Melvin.  The reason why I bring this up is because Point72's owner, Steven Cohen formerly ran SAC capital. Point72 is a family office, SAC was a hf. Cohen and friends got into shit for insider trading along with paying off research firms to get access to information before anyone else to be the first to profit. They engaged in frequent insider trading which they referred to as black edge and emailed trade ideas with a scale of conviction to show their confidence in the trade. By emailing their trade ideas with a conviction rating and not specifying their source protected Cohen from getting in trouble.    At the end of all of this, some traders pleaded guilty but Martoma(who served jail time) was Cohen's super bitch because he didn't want Cohen to get caught. Cohen closed SAC and made point72 which happens to be performing outstanding well. He paid a $  penalty. Digging a bit  , you can see that Cohen has been using material non-public information since 1999. That report shows what they have been caught doing. Imagine all the shit that they got away with.   Hedge funds have always been doing shady shit and when they get caught, some of them just change their names. Ex. Och-Zif --> Sculptor capital management.   So why does retail get shit on for trading something that was shorted to shit?
$GME
Gordan Ramsay becomes a MOD
The Wallstreetbets War Museum
I purpose that we make a museum to capture the media that has been produced as part of the war. If you walk into a ww2 museum you see those dope ass muskets and shit, well our LOTR and Avenger dubs are those and I think it's a shame to lose those in the walls of text being posted to hype GME. I believe we should take the following action:  1. Create a pinned post and only allow people to post their high quality meme content created around the GME war.  2. When the squeeze is squozen we can seek donations, in the form of our new national currency GME stock, to purchase a physical location with tvs to display these memes.   Like fuck come on everyone, I've seen legit adaptations of songs from Les Mis out there and I know that's some high tier culture for you retards. Vote to send a message that we don't want our muskets to be lost to the sands of history...... or some shit I dunno how it works.
Don’t be scared by the drop in $BB $GME etc. Hedge Funds trade after hours to scare y’all off... KEEP BUYING AND HOLDING
$NOK, $NOK Nokia is joining the party with $GME $AMC $BB
Paper hands can turn into diamond (credit to /u/nico_bico)
GameStop, Blackberry, AMC Sees Trade Halts on Major US Brokerage Firms
Original Article:    “In the interest of mitigating risk for our company and clients, we have  put in place several restrictions on some transactions in $GME, $AMC,  and other securities,” a spokeswoman for TD Ameritrade told MarketWatch,  referring to the ticker symbols of the companies. “We made these  decisions out of an abundance of caution amid unprecedented market  conditions and other factors.”  It is unclear to me at this point what "some transactions" means. Large transactions? Derivates on the stock? Buy orders in general?  If what is written in this article is true, the "technical difficulties" that some brokerages were stating yesterday evening are questionable. Maybe someone should read the terms of agreement of TD their TD Ameritrade account and comment if they are allowed to do this. Maybe some SEC rule aplies instead, I am not familiar with this yet.  A Question for today when markets are open:  \- Who is experiencing trading restrictions?  And for the whole community?  \- Are there alternatives?  So shorting well more of stock float, maybe even naked if done so, is ok for institutions, but buying a lot of stock in a collective is not ok. All of this while brokers usually make a lot of money from retail investors trading risky options / derivates, which also result in individuals losing it all.  \#Edit 1: Excuse me if this is old news, I could'n find it here filtering here for "news" flair.  \#Edit 2: Spelling
Hear me and see me Melvin
This is a war you waged upon everyone. This isn't reddit, this is you vs. the people. You caused this, you made this. SEC? This is your call to action, you have strength to take them down, GME will not be the only one. You have ruined millions of people's lives it's time we take back what is ours. Down with the institutions, down with MMs. This is our fight and we will finish it, bleed them dry.  We like the stock (not financial advice)  Edit: Mods thank you being so amazing and keeping WSB around. Over the past 3~ years I've had nothing but enjoyment. Thank you.
Robinhood has literally shut down the ability for us to buy certain GME calls in an effort to help save the hedge funds
1 of 2 I’ll be buying tomorrow and you know the 2nd!
For those hating on RH for the last minute change, they may have just saved you...
Fucking forgot to include a God damn TL;DR  TL;DR - If robinhood didn't change the rules to spread out the sales of all your ITM contracts you fuckers can't afford to exercise, they would have sold them all at 3;00pm Friday. The market makers would be the only buyers, they sell the shares they were holding to hedge the contracts they sold, they sell all of them at once, large push down then paper hands then stop losses and flash crash.    BONUS MATERIAL AT THE BOTTOM OF POST.    \  - now to the real shit.  First off, not a bear or bull, I have GME and will add later yadda yadda. I'm just pointing out an observation.  Second off, this is just a theory. No fucking way I know if this is true. It's gonna sound scary, sure, but I want some genius fucker hedge manager who is pro-GME to tell me how horribly wrong I am.  Robinhood changed the rules and you can't buy any 1DTE or 0DTE positions on GME for 1/29. Ya'll got the memo. That sucks because we ALL know you guys were going to hold on to your positions for EVERY LAST OUNCE OF ROCKET FUEL. (I don't do emojis, sorry.) Robinhood may have just saved you by not letting you.  Most of you fuckers who have options have 100c, 150c, 200c whatever. You know you need money to exercise that - at a cost of $20,000 to exercise for one contract is a little more than most can handle, especially the newbies here.  Under normal circumstances, robinhood would sell your position on Friday back to market at about 3:00pm give or take 5 minutes. The problem is that I've seen the order sheets... It's you lot that owns most of the 1/29 call positions (tiny order sizes... 1 to 5 contracts.) That means most of you won't be able to exercise your position and that means it has to go to market ALL AT ONCE. (Again, this is under normal circumstances.)  What happens when you sell a bunch of contracts at bid to the market? The bid goes down, quite possibly below intrinsic value, the market makers buy it, especially in the last hour of the day, and they do the opposite of what they did last week.  They sell shares against the lower delta. If they are the ones that buy their own contracts back especially if below intrinsic, they sell however many shares the delta was for that contract. They don't want to hold on to those shares if they don't have to. That's not their game.  But they're not just selling for the 350c that's ITM while the underlying is $360. They're selling for the 220c they got at the same time. The 200c they also got. They don't need those covered anymore. So they sell on those as well. The more they sell, the more contracts start becoming OTM and the more they can sell against the lower delta those just became.  If you flush the market with contracts where there is essentially only one buyer - MMs - this kind of thing can happen and you can end up with a potential gamma flush. Opposite of a squeeze. Queue in paper hands and stop losses and you have a very nasty flash crash.  In essence, if Robinhood does NOT do the 3:00pm flush of contracts and instead actually spreads the sales out over the next 2 days, then they saved what could have been a potential flash crash wiping everyone out.  Good luck out there, be safe, make some fucking money, and imagine there are some damn rocket emoji everywhere.    MOTHER FUCKING CONSPIRACY THEORY CRAZED NUTTER BONUS CONTENT: After a whole lot of thought, I realized something... YOU ACTUALLY WANT THE FLASH CRASH TO HAPPEN.  If anyone cares to know, let me know and I'll make another god damn post.
WARNING & DD: S3 Partner Short Interest are NOT accurate!
I've taken a look at S3 Partner's short interest data during my Tesla days and I've noted that they are wildly inaccurate. Please don't pay for this scam or reference this garbage.    Evidence:    Official short interest for GME is announced bi-monthly, and the latest number is at 61M shares in 1/15/21  .  At no point during January did short interest from from S3 partners come close to 61M.        I had tried to use their short interest numbers as a real time reference for TSLA before in 2019, but then I realized later that they are bogus because they're complete off from the official TSLA short interest too.  I am not sure if Ortex numbers are accurate, someone else can figure that one out.
The only two essential Apps to download on the App Store
Is it too late to get on the GME spaceship    and join you guys to the müüüün⁉️
I’m considering buying when the market opens, is it too late??  🏻
SEC 'monitoring' short-squeeze volatility
Went ahead and decided to join the party, zero'd the rest of my paycheck and went in the only way I knew.
Dillard's the short play no one is talking about
Dillard's has been quietly gaining attention thanks to many articles spouting its short interest. Articles below:        Dillard's is currently sitting at a short percent of float of   and will be substantially higher after todays price action.     Dillard's $DDS share float is only   million or   What this means is every dollar thrown at Dillard's will affect its price 5x more then a stock with a 100% outstanding float.  The lower the float the easier it is to moon.  Look at this mornings price action. DDS ran 20% to $128 on 240k of volume before being halted and shorted back down. If this stock gets any attention it will run faster than my dad from his parental duties.  Look at the after hours activity. It ran from $82-$93 on 400 shares. That's the type of moon possibility we are dealing with. Any volume premarket can send this up 50%+.     ​  ​  Worst case scenario and it doesn't squeeze you are invested in a company that trimmed its fat and improved its margins thanks to covid. Reporting 32 million in net income last quarter up from 5.5million in the prior year.  This post will probably get downvoted to oblivion thanks to the GME s  but ill keep it up for reference once DDS moons.  Price Target = 17k  A DDS sells for roughly 17k on runescape, a retail company with hundreds of buildings and locations should be worth atleast that much
The Financial Times are attempting to link WSB with the alt-right. Do not let the mainstream media villainise our community and push this narrative.
Help an NRI (Indian) get on board the GME spaceship from outside of the US.
Hello guys,   I am new to the subreddit and the whole chaos thats going on but I do have an understanding and a clear grasp of what this all is and want to jump in !   Issue is I have no idea what are the ways, ruless, regulations and policies , limitations of investing in the GME Stock / participating in the NYSE from outside of the USA.  If anyone here has gone through these steps please guide me and make me one of you guys !   Lets all go to the Mooon       Edit : NRI staying in Saudi Arabia.
PLTR   thank you everyone!!!
The Total Short Value Could be Underreported - Fines for Underreporting are a fucking joke
During my research on short interest and stats on short history (for my previous TA I did on GME and posted) I came across a release from FINRA.   In 2015 FINRA fined Morgan Stanley $2M for under reporting their short interest.   Let’s say that again - fined $2m   If a fund is a few billion dollars deep in a short - their underreporting of short interest is way more fucking beneficial than paying $2m  This system is fucking rigged and needs to be taken down.   The regulators are basically saying, “You can destroy companies and fuck over retail all you want. But you gotta pay $2M first.”  #FUCK THIS. GME FOREVER   Here’s the source:
GME is about more than just money, GME is about sending a message
For all the recessions they caused. For all the jobs and homes people have lost. For all the people that can't pay for college because minimum wage has stagnated while wall street gets rich. For all the retail traders they left holding the bag. For all the times they got bailed out with our tax money while we got nothing.     GME isn't about greed. It's about taking back what's ours, what we've already paid for. Obligatory       Edit: full disclosure I’m 25K in
Im poor, dont get paid for a week and have bills i need to pay. Sacrificed $100 for the cause. It aint much but it’s honest work.     please get me to the
Before you sleep tonight
Just think about this in simple terms. Everyone on this sub right now feels like this sounds too good to be true. It's not. This sub doubled in 2 days. It has not reached as many people as you may think. It takes time to transfer money into an investing account.   The only comment on this sub is GameStop. It's on tik toks, news, memes. Carefully read what people are saying on this sub and see that it all makes sense.  I'm high af rn, but I think it makes sense.  Dont sit on the sidelines to regret it for the rest of your life.   Positions 200 shares @ 299   Good autism to you lads
We must fight against censorship. WSB is showing how censorship can effect us all if we don't reject it.
There is a desperate and coordinated effort to thwart everything retail investors are doing, censor and ban their communication platforms, and lobby for regulations to protect the elite Wall Street investors against the retail investors.    CNBC has been relentlessly spreading the narrative that the government needs to step in to 'protect' the retail investors from themselves.  As short-selling hedge funds are bleeding billions of dollars, CNBC has the gaul to suggest that it is the retail investors that need to be protected.    These ultra-wealthy investors have more influence than you could ever imagine, and they are transparently using it to their advantage.  Not only are they using the media to spread fear about these squeezed stocks to drive the price down and push the narrative that the government needs to regulate retail investors, they are also using their power to CENSOR these communities and keep them from exercising their free speech.    Tech companies, likely influenced by their politician buddies in Washington, have been overtly censoring millions of people from their platforms simply for having political beliefs that they do not support.  Youtube has been banning channels for minor grievances.  Twitter has been silencing thousands of vocal users.  Facebook has been doing the same.  And most recently, the tech companies used their collective monopolistic power to basically destroy Twitters largest potential competitor: Parler.  It was no coincidence that nearly every tech platform and web service decided within a few hours to ban services to Parler.  They all used the same justification, even though their own platforms were equally as guilty, if not moreso, of the same wrongdoings.  It was blatantly coordinated censorship.  And they don't care, because they have the power.    Droves of people defended these actions as acceptable because these are not government entities, and they can censor anyone they want.  Many smugly pointed out that this censorship is not a violation of the First Amendment.  And they are legally correct (barring any future antitrust legislation), but they are absolutely morally wrong to defend this censorship.    Free speech is not just a right enshrined by our constitution, it is a cultural ethos and value that has been embraced by all political sides of this country since this country was founded.  Censoring legal speech has been looked down upon and shunned by nearly everyone in this country for 100's of years.  But recently, it seems that this ethos has been set aside as long as it is only those you disagree with who are being censored.    And then we have WSB and GME.    The people of WSB rarely if ever talk politics.  We are a massive group of investors who get together to discuss their dumb investment strategies.  People from every background come together and discuss one thing: investing and tendies.  There is no left or right, no red or   green.    But now that they are hitting the elites where it hurts, the wallet, the elite are using their power to censor.    First, we have Discord.  Over 250,000 people on the WSB discord.     The most obvious color to paint a group that you want to silence: call them hateful, racist, etc.    Note that Discord has had significant investment from private equity funds including FirstMark Capital, Greenoaks Capital Partners, Index Ventures, IVP, Greylock Partners, Benchmark, Accel, General Catalyst, Ridge Ventures, Spark Capital, and Tencent Holdings.   Who do you think pulled the strings on Discord for them to censor the WSB channel?    And now you have Reddit.  Commentators on CNBC have already called for the WSB subreddit to be banned.  And with Reddit's investor profile, who knows what billionaire may call in an order to censor that subreddit.    So you see, this isn't just about tech companies censoring those for political beliefs.  This is about censoring anyone who threatens your wealth or power.  Many of those who defended the previous censorships may have said, 'yes, I'm okay with it because I don't like their politics'.  But many of those same people may now see that accepting censorship as a norm may one day come back and hurt them.  We must collectively reject and fight back against censorship, lest it comes to effect us all.    I truly hope the last few days serve as a wake up call for those defending the billionaires and big tech censorship.  We need to get back to 'we the people' controlling this country and not 'we the elite'.  I know the censorship issue may seem like a drop in the bucket to some, but when it comes to our culture and values, that slope can be slippery my friend.    Tl;dr - GME to the moon     , Censorship by the powerful is bad.
very conflicted
wanting to buy tomorrow with a 1K budget, a lot of discord saying $AMC and then all of reddit saying $GME, with that budget whats the move?
Song I made when SPY calls were hype
What is the next step?
Obviously this GME hype cant go on forever ( Well maybe it can lol Tesla). But what does it mean that a multi billion dollar hedge fund tried shorting GME. Who is the next GME and could this be an indicator that the entire stock market will start to go down very soon because MAJOR money will be getting pulled out because they don’t wanna end up as the next Melvin?   Or is this just a lone hiccup in the stonks only go up universe? I feel some type of stock market trap will be upon us in the coming months.
Impending crash?? smh... DONT LET THEM DICTATE YOU OR THE MARKET!!
These banks WANT to convince you that the bubble will collapse so you sell — as if we haven’t barely scratched the surface of the number of people who will LEAP ON THIS TRAIN  THEY ARE NOT TRYING TO PROTECT YOU, THEY ARE TRYING TO PROTECT THEMSELVES!   GME TO THE MF MOON
Greed and Nepotism, Fundamentals, and a Blackout? The brokers, news media, hedge funds, and even the exchanges are against us now.
Tl;dr. Nasdaq exchange is threatening to engage with FINRA and the SEC if they “see a significant rise in the chatter on social media channels”. Which is maybe the most arbitrary guideline ever. I SUGGEST A FULL TRADING HOURS POST BLACKOUT TOMORROW (Except for mods if necessary) OR MAYBE BETTER AN AUTO-DELETION OF ANY POSTS MENTIONING THE NAME GAMESTOP OR TICKER GME. And during this time, we all need to know only one thing, which is to BUY GME, and don’t worry about the establishment playing dirty. We are only playing their own game while they try every dirty trick. As long as we keep our diamond hands, none of these scare tactics can or will work.     I’m a SPACs guy. I’ve been sitting on the sidelines for this because honestly at first I couldn’t care less. WSB isn’t my thing.  Then I started reading the news.   The hate. The vitriol.   Targeted at who?! Not the guys who shorted 140% of a stock’s float?? But at retail?? Seriously? Every news station I see, every YouTube video from the TV is in protection of the establishment, Melvin, and Wall Street.   Then I started reading the stories from the small guys. YouTube comments. The Reddit posts. Families   devastated   in 2008. Surviving off beans and rice and out of work. And the hedge funds? They were bailed off and eventually made off with their billions.   These same folks are ON THE OTHER SIDE OF HISTORY THIS TIME. And these folks know what it’s like to be hurt.   AKA they have COMPASSION  . The number of posts I’ve seen sharing their newfound wealth with someone who needs it … Unfathomable for what I originally had thought of wsb. It’s something Wall Street will never understand. Not a penny of profit goes to charity. Not a penny of profit goes to helping others.    AND NOW THIS?! NOBODY is on our side except our own damn selves.     The brokerages are on the other side. TD Ameritrade restricted GME trading. So called 'Robinhood' sent out a notice that no more options positions may be opened for GME this week.  The exchange itself is on the other side! The Nasdaq CEO is suggesting a trading halt to allow big investors to ‘recalibrate their positions’ and that they will engage FINRA and the SEC if ‘we see a significant rise in social media chatter”.     Who was there for us when we got screwed over?   Nobody  .   “These small and unsophisticated investors are probably going to get hurt by this.” WTF?!? We’ve redistributed billions of wealth away from the ultra-rich, and you’re worried about us getting hurt?   This reads like a feudal lord trying to protect his serfs from the “dangers of freedom”.   Piss off.   Now that we’ve established that these people are pieces of shit enriching only themselves. First things first.   # Fundamentals.  This company is still (even at $350!) only trading at a multiple of   2020 revenue. Stocks like Blink Charging are literally trading at 1000x 2020 revenue. Why the hell are they complaining about fundamentals now? Chewy is trading at 25x 2020 revenue. If Ryan Cohen can turn GameStop around into an e-commerce business with even a quarter of the success as Chewy - this stock literally DESERVES to be valued at $1000. That puts it at 10x LTM revenue.   Putting aside balance sheet fundamentals… GME will reach $1000 and that is a conservative estimate. With a short ratio of 6 (days to cover), and pure anger at the establishment raging around the entire US - scratch that, THE WORLD, this PT will be reached with ease.  # LASTLY. The light at the end of the tunnel.  Everyone from the SEC to CNBC to the Nasdaq CEO to the brokerages are fuming at us and they are ready to pull out any damn trick in the book to make this end. Here is the lowdown on what to do next and why none of their threats matters.      1. Moves? Buy buy buy buy buy. If you cannot buy options, buy shares. If you can’t buy options or shares, use an alternate broker. If you don’t have one, file a formal complaint against your broker.   The SEC may not do anything about it, but having a formal complaint open strengthens the case for the future of civil action.  2. SEC: The time has inevitably come that the SEC is actively snooping around here. Looking for signs of collusion. Some have said that we need to consider getting a megaphone, an official Twitter account to represent us. But to be honest, that actually seems like the last thing we want. The decentralization of this sub is its power. What is the SEC going to do? Arrest all of us? Track us all down? There is little they can realistically do. Worrying about the SEC directly should not be a priority (unless the investigation is being perpetuated by someone powerful, like the NASDAQ exchange itself is attempting to do). 3. News media? There is just so much misinformation misrepresenting this sub’s position along with CNBC absolutely denigrating us and putting out misleading news reports. “Epic Bubble is Building. Its Less Frothy in China” “You Will Lose Your Money Very Quickly” “GameStop analyst calls it a pyramid scheme” These are literal article titles from CNBC trying to lure us away. All I can do is facepalm at these moron’s hypocrisy. We literally just like the stock. Thank god for guys like Chamath. He is only guy on the other side I heard speak up for us today. There is only one thing we can do here. Never forget. One day it will bite them for being on the wrong side of history. 4. Exchanges threats to halt the market? They can do whatever tf they want. A halt won’t magically bring the price back down.  5. And the juicy part. Nasdaq exchange threatening to engage with FINRA and the SEC? I think we need a full trading hours GME ticker ban. Or a blackout for all posts, period. The only thing we have to remember is that WE LIKE THE STOCK. And Diamond Hands.   I will be selling off some of my SPACs and placing a market order for GME at open. It’s go time. I will not sell until the shorts have been squoze.
I’ve seen a lot of people talking about selling Friday and here is why NOT TO SELL FRIDAY
It was said best in this post:    But let me make it more retard friendly. This all happened because they shorted the market right? What the fuck do you think they are doing right now? How many times do we have to teach you this lesson old man!  They are shorting because they think that WSB will make their tendies and sell on Friday. Well they are right about one thing, we’re coming for their money, and not just 30%, assholes.   If DFV can hold, I can hold. 500 is paper hands. 1k is wood. 15k       . But that model is based on today. When we hit 15k, 100k will be the new diamond hands.   Don’t listen to the bots that will come out saying they left with their tendies. Fucking HOLD to make the real money. YOURE THE shareHOLDers now, our fate is a collective  Edit: $GME all else is a distraction HOLD FOR        TL;TR: These fucks don’t learn and are making new shorts for next week and beyond but they forgot the fundamentals. CNBC asked so here it is:    STONKS ONLY GO UP RETARDS
Can we ethically cash out our tendies?
So we ALL already know: Game Stop is going to the fucking moon      But maybe after we hit 420, 888, 1K, 5K, 10K a share, some autists may want to cash out a few of those tendies to spend on a selfless cause.   Can we find a way to work out a transparent way—to match buyers and sellers—who want to tell us how the money may be used to help a loved one, pay of debt, or give back in a different way.   This approach could help soften the impact of short sellers looking to cascade in the market, plus let people know that this community is about way more than “just the money”  Just an idea, happy to hear what people think.  Update: Idea below “We could potentially create a large pool of money from a reputable mod dispersed amongst a voted slew of several foundations/ causes. Could be phenomenal press in our behalf’s.”  Can we start a WallSteetBets fund that people could donate stock too?
Guys Micheal Burry, Alexandria Ocasio Cortez, Dave Portnoy, Mark Cuban, Daddy Elon Musk, Mia Khalifa, Thomas, THE SEC, THE WHITE HOUSE, and many others are all watching and most are rooting for us.
They have tweeted to their millions of followers. It's not just us anymore everyone is watching. This is historic. Don't sell until high 4 figures and let's make this count   IF MELVIN BECOMES BANKRUPT THEIR BROKER HAS TO COVER IF THEIR BROKER BECOMES BANKRUPT THEIR BANKS HAVE TO COVER -> SHORTS MUST REPAY IN THE END SHORTS CAN SEE OUR LIMITS. THEY PAY ROBINHOOD FOR EXACTLY THIS TYPE OF DATA!! BUY THE DIP IN THE AM AND SET A LIMIT ORDER FOR  !!!!   Here is my DD:  I like this stock!  My gf likes this stock!  Her bf likes this stock!  we have decided to buy this stock, and hold it, thanks for your attention!
What’s the bear position on GME?
Seriously, before you crush this with downvotes or let it get lost in the churning abyss, who’s gonna step up and be the     that I need?   What causes this to end in tears? A lot of seasoned traders and newbies alike are betting hard on this, life savings getting thrown around like no big deal, so let’s hear it.   Paper hands bailing out at the first sign of trouble and causing our wall to falter is at the top of my list. That dip back into the double digits a few days ago had people shook.   Regulatory intervention? Not really afraid of that, this should hopefully be over before the speed of government does anything.   Some sort of surprise news? If the open short percentage was shown to be dramatically decreased, that could cause a run for the exits. GME could also make a statement of some sort and rock the boat.   Robinhood fuckery? That 1/29 options business is odd as hell.   Anything else? I’m still holding more than I ever thought I would be, but we’ve forgotten here that stonks don’t always go up. Good to keep risk in mind during the mania.
Rocket Tattoo
Fuck it dude. If Gamestop gets to $1000, I'll get a tattoo of a rocket on my arm.    I'll even let wallstreetbets design the tattoo.  This is fucking beautiful  Fuck Melvin, fuck CNBC  GME to the moon.
We need to talk about NOK
I get it, it’s not the play. I’m not saying sell your GME. I’m not a bot or a spy or a wall street asshole. I’m a regular guy who’s got a couple of bucks in his bank account and plays videogames and wants a fucking house to live in like my parents had when they were young. If you don’t agree with me, just say so.  I’m also not a financial advisor, so make up your own minds you autistic fucks.  But, BUT, yesterday we did something they’ve never seen. Yesterday, we made them run out of NOK shares. That’s what that big spike was, and that’s why trading was stopped for 2h. If we keep doing that, it will be the biggest wall street wealth transfer from assholes to retards in history. Because they will keep dumping it until it’s too late.  Impossible, you say. Too many shares, you say. Well listen up. Yesterday, in ONE DAY, we traded, or caused others to trade, 1bn shares of Nokia. That is 1/5 of all the Nokia shares in the world. That’s never happened,  EVER . Not even when Nokia was the biggest phone company in the world.    of average trading volume.  Do you get it? They’ll keep dumping their stock, we keep buying them cheap, and then they won’t be so cheap anymore when they try to buy back in. We can move 1bn shares IN A DAY. ONE DAY.        Why do they stop trading in NYSE? Cos they ran out of shares temporarily and they don’t want “artificial” spikes in the prices. So they made us retards wait a couple of hours while some assholes called some other assholes to unload their shares into the market, and once they had enough, they started again. That’s why that spike went down right after the freeze.  But then we did it again. And they had to stop again. The price just wouldn’t go down. The assholes who’d just unloaded shares were probably back on the phone with the other assholes who’d convinced them.  Everyone is watching us. What we do, millions of normal folks do with us, and every wallstreet asshole does against us.  What did the asshole brigade do? They started shorting NOK. They will continue to do that, because they think we’re retards (they are correct).  But how come the price didn’t go down? It’s got 5bn shares, and everyone whos ever held it was dumping it. How could we ever keep up the demand when there are so many shares out there? How is this going to work?  Because the retard brigade was buying it. There’s 3m of us and counting. If we each put 600 bucks on NOK, we get 100 shares, and that’s 300m shares.  Now imagine what happens if we put 6000 on it. AND. FUCKING. HOLD. And every dip you see, you buy more. AND. FUCKING. HOLD. They'll keep dumping, we keep buying, until they realize the price isn't going down. Then they start buying, we keep holding, the market runs out of NOK. Price skyrockets.  And normies outside were following us. They can see that the stock is still LOW, lower than 2016. This means they don’t think it’s a bubble that’s going to crash on them.  So why do the normies follow us on this, and not on GME? (I’m not saying sell GME).  Because GME has never, ever been anywhere near where it is now. That scares a normal guy who’s just trying to put in some savings for his family. They think this is some Dutch tulip market shit.  Not so with NOK. Even with the spike from yesterday, NOK is still  DOWN  from 2016. Remember 2016? Remember that being a really big year for Nokia? No, me neither. And let’s not even get started on where it has been in the past. Yesterday's spike barely shows on the graph.  You know what is going to be a big year? 2021 and 2022. Why?  What else did NOK say yesterday? Well, they revealed that they have a new kind of 1 terabit data transfer networks shit, what do I know, I’m not a techie. But it IS a new kind of technology that’s going to kick 5Gs ass. And my fellow retards of the most honorable retard brigade – Do you think we’re going to need more data this year than last year?  Remember how Netflix had to downgrade its picture quality in March because the networks couldn’t handle the amount people were streaming? What do you think is going to happen with the company that solves that?  But why would NOK be the company? Well, remember the 5G war with China?  US and Europe can’t buy 5G from China, because then China has our networks. But guess who US and Europe aren’t afraid of? Fucking FINLAND. Finland, the land of NOKIA. So tiny that some people think the whole country is a conspiracy theory and doesn’t really exist. Sorry Finnish people, nobody gives a shit about you. Good thing for you, cos you get to build the 5G network on the moon and shit because nobody is scared that Finland will take over the world.  Want proof? They are literally building one on the FUCKING MOON:    And we’re going to send them there.                 But hang on, why is NOK so low in the first place if it’s so great?  Answer: because Microsoft fucked them. That’s right, they sent one of their own assholes to infiltrate the NOK, leak a bunch shit to drive the share price down, and then buy the phone part of the company. These assholes wrecked the company, the Finnish economy, and every middle class shareholder who was just trying to put their kids to college. Imagine everyone who’d be fucked if someone did that to Apple now.  Worked like a charm. Firesale. Business restructuring. Lost their phones. NOK never recovered.  The asshole they sent from Microsoft? Went back to work for Microsoft, and was paid a shit ton of money for what he did. His name is Stephen Elop. Look it up.  So they have tech that nobody else has and a brand that everyone recognizes. But what don’t they have? Money. That’s why they’re building this 1tb magic network thing in tiny fucking possibly fake Finland to show everyone it works.  But if we drive the share price up, do you think that’s going to change?  So FUCK IT. I’m in for every penny, and I am HOLDING. I’ll see you in my house ON the MOON next to a NOKIA Comms tower, or I’ll see you in VALHALLA you BEAUTIFUL RETARDED MOTHERFUCKERS.  TL;DR: NOK is literally going to the moon. Go there with them.                  Edit: I've got a lot of messages, here are my answers to the most common ones:  Remember, I'm an idiot. I don't know shit. I see cheap NOK, I like cheap NOK, I buy cheap NOK. I'm not a stockbroker or anything. All I know is it's a healthy, undervalued company with massive upside potential, new space tech etc. There is downside risk, but the risk is smaller than the potential. So if you invest 5k, you might lose 2k but you might gain 100k if we manage to move the kind of volume we did yesterday for even a few days.  Would I bet a dollar to win 100, if yesterday everyone who bet added 50% to their money? Yeah. Might lose a quarter, but could gain 100 dollars.  Do I know it's definitely going to happen? Of course not. What happened yesterday, 1bn NOK shares traded, HAS NEVER HAPPENED BEFORE. IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE IMPOSSIBLE.     Edit for the lols:      SAUCE ON THE 1TB.   3310 STILL CHARGED   UNBREAKABLE NOK
Tell Melvin who we are
Fuck the Shorts (Full video in comments)
WSB have made the front page of the Financial Times.
Politics can't stop GME and math says PT 1000+
MATH      ORTEX showed a 6mil decrease in estimated SI from 72mil on 26th Jan to 66 mil on 27th Jan.  Thx to that guy who said that we can bypass paywall with incognito.  This gave us over 100% (150 per share) in gains. (Using after hours close to be conversative)  To hit 1k, assuming linear increase of share price to decrease in short interest, we only need 30mil shares to be covered, less than half of the current estimated short interest.  If we go by percentage increase, we barely need 15mil shares covered to blow past 1k (230% increase)  Here's the kicker, this shit isn't linear.  On the side of the prolapsed buttholes, panic increases as the price increases, even if the shorts try to diamond hand, they will get margin called.  On the side of us rocket bois, paper hands get shaken off and only the true diamond hands will remain, representing increased reluctance to part with shares.  In brief, the original demand supply problem now has increasing demand and decreasing supply.  Zoom zoom,   ️ + 😩   =     to ?!?!?11  Political  You hear the big fucks coming in talking about SEC investigation, stopping GME from trading and what not.  We already have DD on why there is nothing illegal happening here but I present the human angle.  Before anything, politicians need our vote. It is our vote that allows them to be in power to pull off whatever corrupt fuck.  The optics are already looking like the oppressed little guy fighting back against the big fuck face. The People against Evil Melvin.  Tendies don't have a party. This sub doesn't have a party. Right now we don't care who the autist next to us votes for, all we know is GME gang gang will tear    a new one and we'll be rich and celebrate together from doing so.  Other than a few dumb idiots, no politician worth their salt would publicly do anything to stop GME. The backlash from the public would be MASSIVE.  We are in the right here. Melvin and co. can whine about it but any intervention on GME will be seen as foul play. Good luck getting a single vote out of any GME holder if they try fucking with us.  Positions, 200 GME shares @    Edit: Msg from u/GMEsquoze who cant post. Dude has GME positions so  PT calculation for GME  All 3 are from premarket from a 3 minute candle setup. Times for each candle are 9:15, 9:18, 9:27. Why these candles? They are completely green with no wicks.  9:15 Low 248 High 268 Volume 336k Price Range is 20$ 1$ per   Volume  9:18 Low   High 327 Volume 948k Price Range is 60$ 1$ per   Volume  9:27 Low 324 High   Volume 564k Price Range is 30$ 1$ per   Volume  My reasons for using these candles is because there was no resistance on em when I was watching, they just went up indicating institutional buying. Assuming I am correct we have 1$ move per average   Volume. We have ~70M shares shorted on GME, which accounts to ~4k$ price move. We are currently trading at 330$. If they outright cover all the shares, which they won't we will arrive at a PT of  $ for 0 Short Interest on GME. This PT also doesn't include the gamma squeezes from MM, and the bullish buying from investors. So I would say the most conservative PT for GME would be the most unlikely scenario which is  $ if the shorts just cover the entire SI. Otherwise this can keep going higher for completely different reasons as I mentioned.  Candles from yesterday's market
Letter to your national financial regulatory authority
What i wrote to my national regulatory authority to complain about todays bullshit.      I would like complain about my stock broker interactive brokers pty Ltd.     Today they limited my buying and selling of GME stock options. Other users also reported on twitter their orders were not being filled. I tried to buy/sell  sell x and _ stated they are restricting the trade of options.     This is tantamount to market manipulation. By restricting retail investors to trade by stating they do not want to take on extra risk ( this is nonsense as I was not using any margin) is not true. Simply put, its my money and I can sell puts if I want to.     Please can you clarify if this is legal under _  law and within the scope of their fiduciary responsibilities as my stock broker.   EDIT: fuck the shorts, buy the dip; can't stop, won't stop, game stop
AMC holding until the   are squozed
NOK IS NOT GOING TO MAKE YOU MONEY
To all the new users browsing this sub, I know NOK may look like the easy investment out of all the meme stocks being talked about right now. After all, it’s only $6 while GME is $300+, so it might moon just like GME did right!?!  WRONG. There’s more to stocks than just its price. Let me teach you something about outstanding shares and market cap.  Market cap = total shares x stock price  Right now the market cap of NOK is 37 billion while GME is   billion. This makes NOK have GREATER value than GME, NOT less.  In other words, GME IS CHEAPER THAN NOK.  For NOK to jump to $100 a share, that would mean it’s market cap increases by a bit more than 15 times, making it worth 555 BILLION. If it matches GME’s $300 price, that would make it worth over $1 TRILLION. To put things into perspective, if GME was worth $1 trillion, its stock price would be over $13,000!  The main takeaway is: STOP PAYING ATTENTION TO THE PRICE OF THE STOCK. IT DOESN’T MEAN ANYTHING.  The more outstanding shares there are also means the harder it is to move the stock. There’s WAY more NOK shares out there than GME, so good luck getting that to go anywhere.  Finally, GME is the only stock being shorted as heavily as it is. If you don’t know what this means, just know that it means it has more moon potential.  tl;dr: NOK is a distraction. It’s not going to $100. There’s more to a stock than its price. Learn something called “market cap” and “shares outstanding.” Load up on GME. See you at $10,000          EDIT: Buying NOK cause it’s cheap and you think it’ll get you more gains than GME is like bringing a bus to the Daytona 500 and thinking you’ll finish first cause you have the biggest engine  EDIT 2: I’m not bringing up valuations cause I think valuations mean shit in this market. They don’t. Anyone with half a brain cell can see that.  I’m bringing it up to SHOW people the relative value of NOK compared to GME so that they don’t think “oh it’s so high already, it’s not gonna go any higher. NOK is low though so it must!!”  This is not even to mention the fact that the more overvalued you are, the harder it is to increase your overall value. It’s easy to go 10x from a market cap of 1B, but it gets harder to go from 10B to 100B, 100B to 1T, etc. The fact that I even have to add this cause you guys are missing my point just shows that the hedge funds are winning in manipulating you guys to spread us out from GME  EDIT 3: changed “overvalued” to “greater value” cause technical term
We need to talk about all the real risks of a surprise rug pull
This sub is at over 4m users, getting international attention, and we’re finally realizing that it’s possible for a massive group of minnows to take down the whales. We’re living in a defining, once in a generation opportunity right now.   Because of that, euphoria is also at an all time high where pretty much 100% of the sub believes there’s no chance we can lose from here on out, including me. As long as we keep buying and    the shorts will have to close, and we'll all be rich while simultaneously punishing the excessively greedy.   However, there are very few gaurantees in life and I've yet to see a post to discuss ways we could all possibly get blindsided and left holding bags while waiting for the shorts to close.   This is probably not an exhaustive list and I am in no way an expert (definitely an idiot). It's merely meant to get us thinking and ancipating our reaction if there's evidence that any of these or other risks is likely to happen. Basically I want the actually smart people to come in an explain why I'm wrong and/or add more risks not in this list.   1. The SEC determines GME etc. are too big of a risk and suspends trading for 10 days.  What would the reaction be from the hedges that are short and retail investors? Would they still be able to close somehow during that period? Would it fuel the rebellion even more and drive the price even higher when trading resumes?    2. The Hedge Funds, media, etc. scare tactics and lies work, trigging a waterfall of paper hands selling.   There is a ton of misinformation being intentionally circulated right now and we are vulnerable because of it. Stuff like "Melvin has already closed, has to close completely by Friday, the open short % is a lot smaller than we think, bots are trying to distract us from GME, etc." The question is, what signs should we look for that sentiment is changing and hands are getting weaker in case some of their tactics stick?    3. Melvin has already started to close under our noses.  Is this even possible? Many sources seems to indicate the short percentage has barely changed and that their statment about "repositioning" to close GME is complete BS. The volume and price action trends seem to show that is the case as well, but is there a scenario where Melvin could close without initiating a gamma squeeze (assuming we continue to hold)?    4. Melvin and other short sellers get the option to close their shorts with cash instead of shares  We are gobbling up shares like crazy to try and fuel the squeeze. However, is there a possibility the share lender would let the shorts pay back the shares in cash instead of shares, therefore not causing more of a squeeze?  As I said this is probably not a complete list and maybe some of these aren't actually risks. Anyway, let's talk about these and any others I may have missed so that no matter what happens, we have a plan to deal with it and make sure we're all benefitting as much as possible from this wild experience.   GME 27 shares @ $90, 30 shares @ $200 BB 500 shares @ $18 AMC 137 shares at $14
JACKED TO THE TITS!!! #pickmeupPLS
ICYMI - Robinhood makes most of its money from Citadel and other market makers
Now that Robinhood has stopped its users from buying $GME options, this seems like a good time to remind everyone that Citadel is one of their biggest sources of revenue:     This is a strange coincidence given that Citadel bailed out Melvin's risky bet on $GME to the tune of $  billion.  It's also probably just a coincidence that the purchasing of large tranches of OTM $GME options were responsible for the gamma squeezes we've been seeing (as MMs bought shares to cover these options), and a big enough gamma squeeze could eventually create a tipping point for the MOASS.  What do I know though? I'm just a tard having fun on the computer while my wife is busy with her boyfriend. None of this is investment advice or even logical thought. My diamond hands own 400 shares of $GME. Bless.          Edited because words.
Record number of call options (37 million) traded in one day
Fair Value Price of GME is   Itself.
Consider a company with no assets, income, expenses or costs. Just a shell company.  This company has 10 shares, which are traded freely in a market, lets say they trade for $1. This share has been shorted 14 times. Each of those shorts has a margin account of $1, in total $14 exists to guarantee their short positions. For each $1 of stock, $  of collateral is present (the tendies).  Lets say, savvy investors realize that the $1 investment corresponds to $  of capital of the short side of the trade, and bid the price up to $2. Now, at that price, shorts are required to provide $2 per share in margin. Now each $2 outlay corresponds to $  of short capital. So, on and so forth $4 and $ , until enough short positions are covered or are liquidated, that each marginal investment of $1 nets less than or equal to $1 in short capital, as long as shorts keep meeting margin calls.  Assuming an even split of long and short recouping the difference, the value of a share of GameStonk is literally worth a multiple of itself,   with current 140% short interest..  These hedge funds really think they are shorting GameStock, but they are really just investing in the South Sea Trading Company Bubble.  Nobody tell the hedge funds! XD XD XD  TLDR: Fuck off, this is required reading. Explain this to your boomer dad.
Yesterday’s data suggests that AMC short sellers are not increasing their volume despite overall total volume. This means that short sellers are not falling for traps set by GME investors. Short sellers could also be exiting the stock despite maintaining a bearish sentiment.
GME: Massive increase in gamma squeeze severity if price remains high till EOD Friday. AKA Buying and holding IS WORKING. KEEP IT UP.
See my previous post first to understand the story thus far:     # Wed 01-27  Fantastic trading day.    Up 97% on the day to close out at $345 battling all through the $300s all day.   Curiously small amounts of volume all day leads me to believe this was small amounts of short covering and paper hands selling on each bump (we'll know more when Ortex posts data in the morning).   Yes it took a bit of a dip in the after market, but I expect greatness from our German brothers and sisters to keep the momentum up today. The plan is the same: buy and hold.   #  It is working .  What's most interesting rn is the new $ amount of calls about to expire.   I had to compile a spreadsheet for this from multiple sources because my usual source didn't have the complete data (highly sus? Are they trying to hide this data?)  Spreadsheet:     This is essentially just the options chain you can look up. But, if you take the Open Interest (how many contracts are alive), multiply that by the latest close price   100 and then sum all the contracts you get the total amount of $ of shares that are about to be exercised.   What's crazy about GME right now?  # EVERY CLIT LICKING CALL IS ITM  That is  insane . Never seen it before.   Tuesday ended with all those options worth $800mill    Wednesday? They jumped to $   billion  and it will continue to rise as share prices rises. Buy and hold.   Two things are gonna happen b/c of this:   -1. Mega Gamma Squeeze. MM's who weren't properly hedged before are about to be (they will have to buy shares on the market in order to cover these calls expiring higher than their delta position). But remember, all you degens are buying and holding, so there's low af volume and prices skyrocket with every share we  force  them to buy. Read this:     tl;dr   > If the stock continues to rise, the market maker's delta position also > becomes increasingly negative at a faster rate due to gamma, requiring more > buying, which pushes the stock even higher still, and so forth. This > phenomenon is known as a gamma squeeze and the feedback loop resembles a > regular short squeeze.   feedback loop  you say?   # Sounds like tendie rocket to me if everyone holds.  -2. Many of these shares can be exercised into proper diamond hands instead of in MM's accounts that will  loan them back out to shorts. Further squozing the squeezees. This, however requires the owner to put up another position to exercise.   Moral of the story:   If GME holds or even goes up further Thur & Fri this gamma squeeze could very likely be the catalyst for the big squeeze come next week.   And it will be  epic .   DISCLAIMER: This is not investment, legal, or financial advise. I am HIGH as FUCK right now (again). Seriously. Don't believe anything you read here, this is purely a work of fiction.
$GME INFINITY WAR Update from the front lines - belligerents, casualties, bystanders, fronts - BIG DAY TODAY
Not financial advice   BOYS AND GIRLS LISTEN UP, TODAY IS A BIG DAY  Infinity War has gone global. Our retarded brothers and sisters from across the world are getting news about the war and filling our ranks  Quick update:    ALLIES      Dr. Michael McFlurry Burry:   Actually autistic. DO NOT TOUCH HIS EARS     Supreme Leader General Cohen:   Loves peanuts, dogs, and hamsters. A human golden retriever. The people’s General.     Sir Chamath Brown Knight Palihapitiya:   Good with numbers. Math is literally in his name. Our voice. Hates parasitic billionaire hedge funds. Enjoys passively swinging his giant balls on Twitter. Our Brown Knight.     u/deepfuckingvalue:   Likely to become the worlds first trillionaire after Infinity War. Enjoys Seinfeld. Possibly a virgin. The original retard.     Lord Chen of BB:   Nimble. Very hard to understand... on purpose. Told securities commission he had no idea why his stock was going up, later that day releases PR of Baidu partnership. “OH so Sorry SEC, me no speakaaaaaa any Engrish”     Papa Musk:   Wields the sword of a thousand truths. Legendary short destroyer and bear meat connoisseur. Lucky numbers are 420 and 69. Actually has rockets. Our Papa.     r/wsb:   Actual retards.    AXIS OF EVIL:     Melvin Capital:   If Voldemort ran the Chum Bucket, you’d get Melvin Capital. A parasitic leech. Would sell their own mothers for a dime. Pure scum.     Andrew Left:   A tremendously gay bear. Wild, and unpredictable. Strong initial attacker, but very low HP. Folds like a house of cards once you make yourself bigger and yell loud noises    CNBC Boomers:   The mouthpiece of the Axis of Evil. A dying platform. Extremely jealous of our tendies. It was once said: thou shalt not covet thy neighbors wife’s boyfriend, CNBC did not listen. They want everything from us—mainly our voice and presence.     Retail Bears:   Backstabbing unconscionable fucks. No morals, no backbone. Fucking Judas.     Unknown financiers:   The roots are deep in this conglomerate of evil. Final bosses might show up in the coming battles.     SEC:   Did not go after anyone for 2008 when the entire world almost collapsed. Now thinks GME stock price too high in their opinion.    BYSTANDERS:     Jim Cramer:   A real life Ephialtes. Looks like him too. Genuinely wants to be a Spartan, but in the end will sell our stops to Melvin Capital so they can attack our position from the rear.   Pro tip: NO STOP LOSSES ON A VOLATILE SHORT SQUEEZE    Retards on the sidelines:   We are witnessing one of the greatest reverse wealth transfers in history. Get in and be a part of history.    CASUALTIES:     Toilet Paper Handed Soldiers:   WHEN YOU BOUGHT GME AT $150 and it went to $80 WE TOLD YOU WE’D COME BACK FOR YOU. No retard left behind. Band of retards. Apes stronger together. I know you are wounded, but the war is not over.    FRONTS:   $GME is the main battle front. There are others. But GME is THE BATTLE FRONT.   Listen retards, we have literal whales on our side. General Cohen, Papa Musk, Sir Chamath, Dr. Michael McFlurry Burry. We have politicians on our side, AOC, Elizabeth Warren. Possibly the fucking president of the U S and A.   HODLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!
We like the stock(s)!!! Thank you you beautiful smooth brained   . Still haven't sold... Waiting for GME $1,420+.
This took me longer than I'd like to admit. Enjoy boys.
$78,000 at $363. Late to the party, autist lost direction but entry price doesn't matter because all DD on WSB indicated this is going to $
Strong hands.
433 AMC shares checking in. Never letting go
Fellow WSBers: Don't sleep on Demo Day. Accumulate $PLTR (        ) with your $GME gains!
EDIT AGAIN:  Alright fine.  My last $3,000 in buying power goes to $GME at open, market buy.  It's not about the money...  For anyone that missed demo and just wants some retard from SA to break it down:     This shit was straight up fucking mind blowing.  Huge rockets in the short term, huge rockets in the long term as they slowly take over the planet.  Adopt or die.  Make sure to own your piece everyone.  I think we all know that $GME and the short squeeze wave has been the play right now, but make sure not to sleep on this unbelievable event.  Thiel and Karp are the messiahs and they're taking us straight to the fucking moon while Elon figures out our trip to Mars via an Earth-splitting SpaceX IPO.  PT: $50 by EoM / EoFebruary; $75-100 if we manage to     like men.  TL;DR - Accumulate PLTR or wonder what if while the wifes bf takes her on another trip with his $PLTR gains.  Positions: 1,950 @ $25 (few feb/march/may puts for increased buying power; december positions expired roughly at breakeven) and 1x $20C for 1/21/23 because I had some extra last week.  Things already doubled.  See you on the Martian Riviera boys.        EDIT:  I don't know what the pre-req on rockets is at these days, so fuck it: $PLTR to $500
🎵🎵🎵DO YOU HEAR THE AUTISTS SING????
A game theoretic approach to this phenomenon of an overshorted stock's value not being derived from fundamentals, but rather from squeeze potential
Suppose all fellow retard shareholders of GME morphed into one single person (ideal scenario). We'll do this to simplify what's going on here, and what's going to happen.  This person is you. You know that there are extremely greedy hedge funds who borrowed and sold the shares to you, betting GME goes to zero. You know that there are extremely greedy lenders that literally lent out shares they didn't even have, just to collect a little more interest on loans.  If you just hold, just sit tight, refuse to sell, the hedge fund shorts will hemorrhage from the absurdly high interest payments on the loaned shares.  It gets even better. If even one person has a single share sold short, in theory you could bankrupt that person by refusing to sell. You hold immense power and control now.  Knowing this, you offer anybody trapped in a short position a lifeline. You say "hey, I'll let you live, I just need 90% of your net worth for these shares." What would that person do when faced with the choice between bankruptcy and starting over with 10%? Obv buy the shares back.   It's literally name your own price now. We have them in checkmate, you just cannot sell. They are fucking terrified because they got caught.  If you own GME and REFUSE TO SELL, then  in theory  the value of a share is equal to the (sum total net worth of everybody and every fund who short sold just one or more shares divided by the total number of GME shares) times   or so to let them off the hook. They would pay you that.  Now, back to the hive.  I'll let the game theoreticians figure out what happens when you add selling pressure to the WSB swarm. Selling pressure will be a function of risk tolerance. For example, paper hands sell when the GME share they have exceeds 5% of their net worth, etc. We need to estimate average net worth of a GME long, and average risk tolerance.  The game theoretic equilibrium state of a long vs short war probably looks like 50% of shares sold short, 50% longs. The shorts are trying to get the longs to sell, and the longs are trying to get the shorts to buy.   In this current state, I believe so long as GME is above 50% short interest, the stock will continue to rise. What are your thoughts reddit, when will the
Nasdaq CEO Suggests Halt to Trading to Allow Big Investors to 'Recalibrate Their Positions' to Combat Reddit Users
Buy High, Sell Never
The game was rigged from the start.
The Tendie defender is here to hold GME open
GME Wars: Suits Strike Back. WARNING FOR ALL YOU FELLOW AUTISTS
Obligatory I’m not a financial advisor this is not blah blah blah.  Okay GME gang. We’ve got the shorts on the ropes. They’re bleeding hard and all the billionaire suits are shitting themselves out of fear. They’ve tried false information, getting on CNBC and screaming for regulation of our “market manipulation,” trying to get us shut down, Biden administration tweet, saying shorts have already covered, etc. None of it has worked so far and they’re still bleeding money.  Now they’re truly desperate. What’s something they haven’t tried quite yet but very well could be setting up to do?  MARKET CRASH  Yes, that’s right. I believe with what I’m currently seeing, they are going to crash the market and blame it on us. Do I think you need to be concerned about GME? No, because holding it should still work and they still have to cover anyway, but this is definitely to try to get you scared and sell GME and so they can take your money back when you reinvest elsewhere.  I don’t think I have to tell many of you that the current levels are at/above where the market was valued in 2008 before the crash according to the Buffet indicator. All this says is that we’re probably in a market bubble, and it’s been at these levels for months now. But guess what just started getting talked about by all the suits? That’s right. A bubble. And who are they blaming? Us.  Now that I have your attention, let’s look at a few other things.    Notice how it’s been steadily rising and suddenly spiked today? 40 is typically the resistance before the market makes a downturn. If this thing gets above that we’ll probably be seeing the market dropping quickly.  Additionally, there the spurts of high volume absolutely dumping stocks for short amounts of time. That’s one of the first things I noticed before the March crash and I’ve been seeing it get more and more abundant the last few weeks and picking up a lot today.    Now you might say, “it’s earnings season and there have been some bad earnings so far and that’s expected in this tough time.” Well yes, but there’s the Apple earnings today. They beat earnings pretty nicely and what did the stock do?    Currently we’re seeing fundamentally strong companies as well as the S&P 500 beginning to drop and the volatility increase market wide. You could say this is “smart money” pulling out because they see the overvalued stocks. However, there were many worldwide financial issues sparking before the March crash. It just needed a catalyst, AKA global pandemic. Now we’re in a similar boat. Market issues in need of a catalyst.  What is that catalyst this time around? That’s right. A bunch of “millennials on a message board who have no place in stocks creating a market bubble.” Basically this isn’t smart money pulling out here. It’s MAD MONEY (hi Cramer). They are declaring WAR. They are pissed that we are “stealing” their billions on billions of dollars from them and they will do whatever it takes to get you to sell and take your money away from you again, including wrecking the market and the economy once again. The suits are out for blood now.  Do I think this will effect GME much? Only if you don’t sell. All this is scare tactics and ways to win your money back if keeping GME suppressed fails even more than it already has. There are hardly any shares to short if any at all and retail investors and autists are likely the ones holding most of the shares that could be sold.  Be careful out there autists  TLDR: GME TO VALHALLA. Rest of the market, potentially to the depths of Avernus soon.  Positions, GME Feb 19th $115 calls
Funds losing big on GME & co, setting off liquidations and probably causing the whole market to tumble
Chamath tweeted:  > from a Prime Broker:  > > 1. biggest 4 day de-grossing from hedge funds they’ve ever seen. > > 2. Multi strats lost last week; traditional L/S guys this week. Hearing funds down anywhere from high single digits to 25%+ YTD. > > Markets only down   so retail buying as funds selling.     Also, from Bloomberg:    Funds Slashing Equity Exposure at Fastest Pace Since 2014    > Fund managers covered their money-losing short sales while trimming bullish bets for a fourth straight session Tuesday. Over that stretch, their total outflows from the market reached the highest level since October 2014, data compiled by Goldman Sachs Group Inc.’s prime-brokerage unit show. > > “If you’re getting killed on your shorts and need to close those out and reduce overall exposure, you’re going to go first to big winners that have done well,” said George Pearkes, global macro strategist at Bespoke Investment Group LLC. > > Hedge funds are under fire as retail traders whipped up in chat rooms charge into heavily shorted names, fueling squeezes in stocks from GameStop Corp. to AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc. Such a squeeze has prompted money managers to cut back risk broadly. > > “Obviously, many stocks, on both the long and short side, are ‘hedge fund hotels’ -- so one hedge fund getting squeezed can drive another hedge fund to close out their shorts (or trigger stop losses on the long side),” Purves wrote in a note. “Generally, deleveraging processes are not pleasant.”     tl;dr Funds are getting squeezed, selling their winners, and maybe having their longs liquidated, all of which is causing a wider market selloff (SPY down   yesterday). The Event is shaking up the market and might even trigger a market correction - wow, this shit is serious!
Gamestop Netflix movie premier date and cast
So, people have been absolutely crushing it. The predictions occured early (no reason to complain you missed out) and plenty of well written analysis were provided for people to make their own decisions on what to do. Also, a boatload of memes, "can't stop, won't stop, Gamestop" quotes, and if awards were a stock they would be spiking in value due to this subreddit.   Inevitably there will be a movie and more of the truth will come out that this is a random group of retail investors and that hedge funds are the ones who should be investigated by the SEC for decades of privately sharing information and swaying the market with their price targets and interviews on the news.   Not only are us retail investors curtailed on various platforms on when we can trade and what types of trades we execute pre/post market there is already information asymmetry with the information hedge funds with deep pockets can pay for and what we have access to. Yet somehow, sharing information publicly where even hedge funds can view it is seen by these delinquents as "unfair". I call bull and also call a Netflix movie on all this!  Stars: - r/deepfuckingvalue - wsb mods - @chamath - Elon, cause wtf not - Cramer - Gamestop board (and some old board who sold a bit too early...) - other boards of heavily shorted stocks. (AMC, AXDX, BBBY, FIZZ, etc...)  - who else would the group root for?   Evil people who lost boatloads of $$ - Melvin Capital - Citron - companies that bailed out Melvin - Random hedge funds that followed suit with their shorts  If I was buying calls on the movie date I would aim for a late fall 2021 expiry. But, I would pick up some additonal calls at good value for an end of summer time frame. Who's in this to expose what is really happening in the market with the hedge funds?   Netflix, if you want a smash hit - you have one. You just need to dig deep and show what is really happening.   The tide has changed hands and here we are. Stand tall  f'ing . ✌️  How do you see this movie playing out and who would you add to the cast?
Most Recent Short Interest
What is the short interest after 1/27?
Has anyone posted what the short interest is after today? Trying to figure out how much of this is gamma squeeze vs shorts covering.  As of yesterday, I calculated that $154 was the average short price based on the total number of shares short vs volume held (new shorts are entering as others are closing out, which means the average short price will be going up).  The closer this price is to the actual share price, it would mean many have covered, right now since it's half the share price, I'm inferring most have not covered yet.  Other important price targets are basically the call expirations for 1/29. If the share price is above the strike prices, the more contracts will get executed thus further gamma squeeze.   Edit: based on data posted here, I'm estimating that about 30M shorts exited, 15M shorts entered, another 5M maybe exited AH so avg short price at $204 with 40M+ short outstanding, 80%+ of float  this is a conservative estimate, meaning actual short interest may be much higher  (note these are back of the napkin math estimates, not advice)
A reminder: the stock market is not a good place for moral crusades (unless you want to lose your money)
This GME thing has been unreal. There are legitimately WSB millionaires made off this one play. This is history, and I'm glad to have witnessed it.  But I'm seeing a worrying trend here. People are beginning to make this into a moral crusade against "the man". Taking down the hedge funds because of their over-greed is no longer a way to make crazy money, it's a moral imperative. Giving advice to hold GME forever, just to punish them.  WSB is not the only thing driving GME up. WSB first noticed it and so we got in early, but other players are also involved. We cannot squeeze Melvin to infinity. Eventually, the position will be closed.  I don't know where the top of GME is. It might be $500. It might be $1000. It might be $10,000. But eventually, the stock will revert to its fundamental value. It happens with every short squeeze every time. And someone is going to be caught holding the bag.  If you are one of those "I'm holding forever" people, that person losing all their money is going to be you. The stock is going to crash from $100,000 or wherever it ends up, and when you finally decide to sell Robinhood is going to freeze for 15 minutes and it will congratulate you on your $6 sell. Meanwhile the institutional investor with their real broker made a killing.   Now I can't wait for the loss porn that is coming to this sub in a month any more than the rest of you. That's what this sub is about. But when that happens, remember, it wasn't "the man" who made you lose all your money. You were the one who decided to hold at GME $1,000,000 to fuck Melvin. And you loved the feeling of that green dildo so much that you didn't notice the giant red one coming straight for your ass.   TL;DR: You have autism. You don't have emotions. Now's not the time to start
Point72 claims to be down 15% because they are backstopping MC. I caution that is a spin piece and Point72 could be taking the market down intentionally to gain.
Today the markets were entirely down.  I saw the post with the NY Times article that Point72 is down 15% because its backstopping Melvin Capital. I thought it would be smart to review their holdings to see what is going on.  It certainly looks like holdings are being sold off to generate capital.    However, I think this is a play by Point72 to get people to jump on the bandwagon and push them them down further, which is exactly what they want.    In reality, I think it is more likely that Point72 pivoted to puts and are fire selling long positions to drive the price down.  Could they be pissed at the Market Makers for the GME blow up?  Would the MM be left holding the bag for this play? If that's the case, there is excellent smoke screen with the Melvin Backstop "losses" and Point72 needing to get more liquid Friday last week.    I speculate they literally ran one fucking algorithm on every single one of their long positions. It bought PUTS Monday 10:15-10:30am and then it sells off huge volume of shares everyday at 3:45pm.  Selling large volumes of shares into the close to ensure it is low, swing the after/pre markets lower, so its a gap down open and closer to strikes. The small spikes on Monday around 10:30AM could be the Market Makers buying the underlying positions to hedge?    What do you do? I have no fucking clue. You could try and hitch a ride? This isnt investment advice. Just be careful this is market wide deep pocket shit that I am too smoothbrained to game.  Probably fucked on my non-gme calls.  GLHF  Partial Stock List from Point72 13F - most current I have access to
HOORAY FOR CHARLES PAYNE! “The shorts have had their way with the market for decades, and no one has ever complained about it, so i am thrilled, that individual investors are playing the same game, and now you (big hedge funds) are losing” - Charles Payne.
Robinhood Announces You Can No Longer Open GME/AMC Positions For Friday.
Chamath CNBC Full Interview
AAL, AMC, EXPR, GME, NOK - The Ride to the Moon has Just Begun. History is on Our Side
Someone was complaining that we don’t have any good loss porn lately. Here’s what I lost out on when I sold covered calls on GME this week
IF GME IS YOUR FIRST STOCK EVER READ THIS
Look, supposing this passes the mod wall, you new people looking to get rich quick need to know what you are getting into. YOU ARE NOT GUARANTEED TO WIN. I was reading some of the daily thread comments and some of you have to chill the fuck out. Do not drop your fucking rent on a stock.  If you have some disposable income, buy and diamond hand to $1000.  If you have food in the fridge, ride that rocket to Betelgeuse baby.  If you're daddy's special little boy and he gives you an allowance every week on top of rent and food you better put every red cent into GME or whatever else.  But if you are literally trying to decide whether to YOLO GME 0DTEs tomorrow or pay rent, I choose pay rent every fucking time. Because no matter what these fucks tell you, it literally CAN go tits up  I own GME and this it not financial advice. I'm just a moron who doesn't want people to get hurt who can't afford it.  TL;DR: If you wouldn't walk into a casino and drop it on black, don't put it into a stock that's been squeezed for a week and a half
Useful DD, particularly if today made you wary
Thank u/dmtran1987 when GME prints for you next week, I’m posting it because they don’t have enough karma.     Okay Autists. I know this is long, with a lot of numbers and concepts, but bear with me. This is good stuff.    When I was watching the trading today on GME, I noticed something strange regarding the price action and the volume. If you noticed overall today, GME traded around 94 Million shares total. Yesterday total shares were 178 Million. Day before that 177 Million. Day before that, 197 Million. The day before that, 93 Million. Ever since we started ripping up in price, the volume has been around 200 million shares per day. But today, when the price was so high, and with so much volatility (change in price), the total volume was only 94 Million!!! If you look at the one minute chart, by the end of the day average volume per minute was 98 K / minute. And during these crazy downward dips throughout the day, the volume was sometimes as low as 8K. 8k out of 50 million float =   That means   of the total shares changed the price so much!! This doesn’t make sense. Yesterday’s average volume/ minute was 500K per minute. Which makes sense for the crazy price movement we had yesterday.    I think the reason why we had crazy lows and highs today was because of short selling.    Short selling from day traders who want to make quick profits in the day and get out by the end. Once we hit $385/ share (premarket high – day trading short sellers like to use premarket high as a good short starting point because they know a lot of long day traders and paperhanded autists will sell at that point), the short selling day traders came in and started shorting hard to make their quick profits. That’s why you see the borrowed shares on   low around these times. And you have been seeing it fluctuate throughout the last few days. So I think these day trading short sellers were pushing the stock down the whole time, and when the end of the day approached, they covered their position, and we went back up to 344 close, and 373 (close to premarket high where we dropped during the day) during the first minute of after hours.    Why is this good?    Because that shows us these massive dips in the day are not because large amounts of autists and every day people are selling, but because the day trader shorts are synthetically pushing the price down. That means we’ve been diamond handing. And even better, the normies are all diamond handing too. Guys, this is on the verge of the squeeze! Don’t sell and let this shit ride. I believe if we can push past 385 tomorrow, this shit will rip, as no short selling day trader will want to risk getting squeezed. And the crazy enough ones that do will trigger moderate length shorters to cover. Which will have the stock break out higher. Causing the breakout and momentum traders to come join us for the fight. Shit’s gonna rip. One hedge fund gets liquidated… more covering… another hedge fund.     Domino effect guys. Game over.    Some of you may argue that TDameritrade and other brokers prevented trading GME, so that’s why the volume was low. But check this out, AMC was on that TDameritrade block list too! And they traded   Billion shares today. That’s billion with a B. With the average share per minute 2 million/ minute. And we only traded 197 Million. This is not normal. Not normal for a stock that’s breaking headlines.        Stay strong. We got this.        (can’t do anything about the non-bolded “is”)
The anatomy of a blatant market manipulation to cause FUD via methods that cause the absolute maximum of carnage and psychological shock (or, the latest shady AF trick to come out of the investing inner circle). Cliff's Notes: You're going to be fine as long as you recognize their smoke and mirrors
This is going to be something of a high level discussion.  I highly encourage everybody to go and dig up the charts - particularly the AH charts from 6:30 PM EST until the time that WSB came back from privacy lock to audit and verify the veracity of what I'm saying (because I'm too damned lazy to screen grab them and upload them and link them etc.).     Lads,     What you saw tonight was nothing short of the most coordinated disinformation and psy-op strike ever conducted by the insiders of Wall Street, perpetuated upon the retail traders of Main Street.  It drew heavily upon Alinsky's Rules for Radicals, the agility of John Boyd, the robber barony of Rockefeller, and the deviousness of Tywin Lannister.  Let's examine the course of this day:     # First, the PsyOps  \-First, they sought to control the narrative using figureheads (the media).  Everything from taking Andrew Left's accusations of threats against his children at face value to claiming that a bunch of day traders somehow hacked a hedge fund, they were on full blast all day on TV and in print about how retail was the villain.     \-Then, they spread misinformation.  The headline on Marketwatch this morning was something along the lines of "Reddit already plotting its endgame to take the money and run" or something.  It was like this everywhere.     \-Then, they found "experts" willing to go on TV and shill these narratives to create FUD in anyone who wasn't on the rocket yet, or to create fear to inspire paper hands to sell by making wild accusations about how the SEC is going to suspend trading for 30 days or investigate people for collusion or how if this continues, there will be punishments doled out in the form of reduced access to markets.  CNBC was especially guilty of this.  At some point they even suggested that if you bought one of these meme stocks, it was possible you were helping a "foreign agent" like Iran overthrow the government by exploiting a strip-mall video game vendor.     \-Then, they attempted to turn potential allies into enemies by claiming that, because these hedge funds who were completely innocent for shorting 140% of a stock were being brought to their knees and forced to liquidate their long positions, that we were responsible for the larger drop in the market because we were shaking MM's.  Just to put an exclamation point on this, an obvious assault on market prices in the power hour, sending everything but the meme stocks sharply lower by creating liquidity vacuums was orchestrated that took the markets down like 3%.  Because of 1 company worth 2% of Amazon.     \-To tie it all home, they timed their afternoon messages to coincide with devastating actions against the "insurgents".  What, you think it was pure coincidence that the "breaking news" that Discord had banned the Discord server occurred at the EXACT moment CNBC and Bloomberg were talking about WSB?  If you believe that, I've got a bridge for you.  To tie a bow on that, they made a point to point out that, because the Discord server was a bit of a cesspool that it means everybody in WSB is a Nazi.  Because it's easier to stop allies from rallying to a cause if the enemy is dehumanized.    And, of course, all these actions happen AFTER the closing bell.     # And then, the ambush....  \-But the most egregious and flat out evil move?  Happened at 5 pm, almost on the dot.  Suddenly, in AH trading inhabited almost exclusively by brokers, a VERY SPECIFIC group of equities - GME, NOK, BB, AMC, and BBBY - absolutely PLUMMETED in value.   Curiously, almost NO OTHER STOCK anywhere on the market had this kind of move.  JUST these stocks.  Quite a coincidence, eh ?  Now it's easy to blame this on the privatization of WSB, sure, but look deeper....     # Inside the numbers, and how they pulled off the biggest psychological attack of all:     The sub isn't why these equities collapsed.  The great thing about AH trading is the volume is so low that you can actually watch individual trades go through in real time.  Shares of these meme companies were being   or 2 shares at a time, and they were being sold for a few cents less each time, until the Depth Chart ran into a quantity of shares, and then all of a sudden a slightly larger burst of buy orders would come in.  They walked these 5 stocks down a few cents at a time until they found gaps where there was absolutely no sell action, at which time a sell would be created at a lower number just above the next order.     # What was actually going on:     Colluding firms were orchestrating this to hunt for stop loss orders and to systematically drive down the price when there was almost nobody around to buy dips or watch it happen.  They were "buying" individual  quantity  shares from each other at progressively lower numbers in their hunt while everybody else was eating dinner or watching CNBC hearing about the Nazis of Reddit.  They positively COLLAPSED the price of these 5 stocks - the privatization of WSB (which news media dutifully referred to as a "suspension") was done to create a sense of panic in anybody who held equity in one of these companies in the hopes that they would pull the cord and bail out because the epicenter of the movement had been destroyed after a long day of psychological manipulation to condition everybody to view that epicenter as bad and untrustworthy, and their life's savings had just been hammered.  All under cover of darkness.   And it was performed with an absolute bear minimum of actual stocks - just a couple thousand total changing hands over and over.  Don't just take my word for it, go look at the movement.  You know a lot of people out there who just have to trade 2 shares of a 7 dollar stock after hours?     # Did it work?  #   Hard to say.  What's not hard to say is that WSB coming back into public mode certainly plugged the maneuver - one which would have taken these companies down by 80% had counter-information had not been brought back.  But I'm sure a lot of people panic sold, and even more will log in tomorrow to see bright red losses and figure the game is over, so on some level it's clearly done something.    can actually look at a GME chart and see the exact moment this sub came back, because the march downwards immediately reversed and the equity recovered almost 50 dollars in share price to get back up near the $300 mark.     # Are you going to be OK?     Depends on if you have a strong stomach, and if those who also believe in the companies you believe in have a strong stomach as well.  I've been asked a couple of times tonight if these big firms - which have transitioned from trying to use their money to bully everyone to outright OVERTLY rigging the game and cheating because they were losing under their own already unbalanced ruleset - could continue to swing big dick to wreck everyone.       And the answer, at least with the heavily shorted of these meme stocks, is no (a couple of these are not heavily shorted).  Everything they've done has been psychological manipulation and smoke screening.  They're still backed into a corner, just like they were 9 hours ago.  They're still facing absolutely monstrous losses.  Nothing they've done has gotten them away from that.  Everything they've done has been to your mind.  They haven't gained any ACTUAL strength.    They can't control volume because they can't create shares, at least not  for more than one day.  Which is why they resort to parading out an  endless string of "experts" on tv casting retail as the villain and  making the show hosts dance for their masters.   But as long as people don't fall for it, these moves will not only not work, but blow up in their face because the public sentiment is now so far against them that there's a risk of a full on revolt of the entire internet against big investment.  The internet has EXPLODED in outrage that has the makings of the same type of powder keg that ignited the Occupy Wall Street   this isn't one that you can just turn your head and walk past or ignore.  The story has morphed from "retail investors find someone with their hand in the cookie jar, those s " to one of "class warfare".  You can't control the internet, and they just attempted to do that.  When you fail, it makes things 10 times worse.       But they're going to keep pulling shit  like this to try and get people to sell in a panic, because it's literally the only card left in their deck.
Citadel, Melvin - Why Options didn't trade for 15 mins today. Long GME, go  on SPY QQQ
Like many of you I woke up today trying to see if I was gonna hit my second M and was a little shocked at seeing that I couldn't get a bid or ask on any options that I had. I have literally never seen this before, and honestly I didn't know it was legal for MM to not offer any bids or asks at all.  I've also been wondering why Citadel bailed out Melvin. What is their relationship? Well see, Citadel is one of the largest market makers in the US. They are the ones that sell us the options that let us weaponize degen and yolo into riches that we promptly burn up. Citadel also holds a large short position, so presumably they bailed out Melvin because they did not want to start a liquidity cascade that was gonna eat them alive too.  Questions I've been wondering and I think I have a theory for  1. Melvin was supposed to go BK at GME 175. They claimed they exited their short. What happened? 2. If you go here   3rd page Melvin has had 54k put positions on GME since 2015. Who wrote those? 3. How did GME get naked shorted when only Market Makers are allowed to naked short?  I suspect that Melvin did go BK today. They got acquired by Citadel. They bought those put options from Citadel and Citadel has held the naked short position all these years. Risk management at these market maker desks will absolutely pull a bid and not offer if they think they are at risk of blowing up the firm. IMO Citadel market maker desk didn't trade shit the first 15 minutes of the day because they were trying to figure out what the fuck to do. I don't know if they made a last minute deal this morning or pulled capital together or what but they are on their fucking last leg.  Look at Melvins long positions, a lot of them fucking sold off heavy early today. PINS. PYPL. JD. NFLX. IMO options were not traded by Citadel during first 15 minutes today while they sold off what they needed from Melvin to maintain liquidity.  I made this post a few weeks ago about why market indices are at a risk this week and last week if we see any red. Gamma is basically almost negative.    Citadel is almost BK and everyone can fucking smell it. We get one last big green on GME IMO and that will be the death kneel of Citadel. I don't know if it happens thursday, or friday, but it's coming. You YOLO on some 550c expiring Friday if you see volume in them. IF you see market red as shit tomorrow, you buy index puts and puts on whatever Melvin and Citadels longs were and you lean into it because not only is Citadel going to liquidate but the whole market is likely to go with it.  Good luck  POSITIONS 500k in GME leaps, 36k in index puts expiring 2/5 and 4k in NFLX JD PINS LB PYPL SNOW puts expiring this friday  EDIT Are we still showing screencaps of positions?    1 acct for good luck
The $GME Short Thesis and how it could backfire if retail investors behave rationally
So I'm seeing a lot of information out here about Melvin and 6 days to cover and all that and I think a lot of it is outdated. Actually, I know it's outdated because people were saying the same thing a week ago and $GME has risen like 300% since then. There's been a huge amount of price action, and yet the shorts everyone has been talking about have exited their positions and there's still tons of short interest. What gives? Why haven't the shorts learned their lesson? Are they just stupid? Maybe. But maybe not... Let's consider the short's view on this situation:    The $GME Short Thesis as of 1/27:   Here's the scene. A stock which is widely regarded as colossally overvalued has doubled in value several times within a matter of weeks. You know that the retail investor plan is to force shorts into a squeeze scenario. However, volume is up to unprecedented levels as new traders flood into the market to get in on the action, so the days to cover is falling, making it easier for shorts to get out quickly when they get a window. Meanwhile, older long retail investors (aka bought like a day ago) are staring at what are, to them, very nice gains. It's been several days of insane price action already, and people are predicting the end is near because, well, it must be, right? The uncertainty and perceived risk of losing unrealized profits are very high.  You look at this and predict the following:   retail investors who have made tidy profits will sell upon a volatility move, causing a chain reaction of sell-offs  . In other words, you expect that the bubble is gonna pop upon sharp price action (could be either way) and then there's going to be a sharp decline as retail investors scramble to take whatever profits they can before the next guy sells at a higher price.   So what do you do as a short with that thesis? Short the stock, of course!   Even if there's tremendous upwards price action the next day, you can just sell short again, pay off the old loan with the new short money, and now you're in an even better position.   Your best bet as a short is to short the stock the moment before the bubble pops. High interest rates from your lender don't bother you because, based on the thesis, you're only holding your loan for a few days and the share price on the other side is going to be way below where you shorted. This is why short interest is still strong - it's generally a good play to short a bubble that you expect to pop soon.    How the Short Thesis could fall apart:   So, the whole short thesis is based upon the idea that retail investors are going to close out their $GME positions very abruptly as soon as they see some nice gains and sense that "the end is near." But here's the thing: what if they don't? As an investor in $GME myself, I did the following with my gains - I sold a portion of them to cover my initial cost basis and now I'm just sitting on the rest as "house money." I'm not buying in anymore because I'm managing risk, but I'm not pulling out because I think there's more juice to squeeze and I've got a lot of cushioning below if the price does start dropping. If this strategy is broadly applied by other retail investors (and it's a pretty classic and intuitive investing/gambling strategy), volume will slow down and the price will generally plateau.   So as a short, aren't you happy that the price stopped rising? HELL NO. You need that price to either fall so you can close at a profit or rise sharply so you can roll your position up. $GME remaining tremendously overvalued at a steady price for a long time would be horrible for you as a short. You've taken out a huge loan, you're paying huge interest, and there seems to be no end in sight. This is how shorts playing volatility are forced to close at big losses - when the interest over time eats up all of their potential profits before volatility strikes. I think this is the scenario in which we'd see a true MOASS.    Disclaimer: I am just a guy on the internet. I don't have specialized education in the market, but I think this is a pretty plausible thesis for the continued short interest and how the MOASS might develop. I could be totally wrong! Let me know what you think about it in the comments    Positions: 100 shares $GME, avg cost basis
An Open Letter to Melvin Capital, CNBC, Boomers, and WSB
Mods do not delete, this is important to me, please read       I was in my early teens during the '08 crisis. I vividly remember the enormous repercussions that the reckless actions by those on Wall Street had in my personal life, and the lives of those close to me. I was fortunate - my parents were prudent and a little paranoid, and they had some food storage saved up. When that crisis hit our family, we were able to keep our little house, but we lived off of pancake mix, and powdered milk, and beans and rice for a year. Ever since then, my parents have kept a food storage, and they keep it updated and fresh.  Those close to me, my friends and extended family, were not nearly as fortunate. My aunt moved in with us and paid what little rent she could to my family while she tried to find any sort of work. Do you know what tomato soup made out of school cafeteria ketchup packets taste like? My friends got to find out. Almost a year after the crisis' low, my dad had stabilized our income stream and to help out others, he was hiring my friends' dads for odd house work. One of them built a new closet in our guest room. Another one did some landscaping in our backyard. I will forever be so proud of my parents, because in a time of need, even when I have no doubt money was still tight, they had the mindfulness and compassion to help out those who absolutely needed it.  To Melvin Capital: you stand for everything that I hated during that time. You're a firm who makes money off of exploiting a company and manipulating markets and media to your advantage. Your continued existence is a sharp reminder that the ones in charge of so much hardship during the '08 crisis were not punished. And your blatant disregard for the law, made obvious months ago through your (for the Melvin lawyers out there: alleged) illegal naked short selling and more recently your obscene market manipulation after hours shows that you haven't learned a single thing since '08. And why would you? Your ilk were bailed out and rewarded for terrible and illegal financial decisions that negatively changed the lives of millions. I bought shares a few days ago. I dumped my savings into GME, paid my rent for this month with my credit card, and dumped my rent money into more GME (which for the people here at WSB, I would not recommend). And I'm holding. This is personal for me, and millions of others. You can drop the price of GME after hours $120, I'm not going anywhere. You can pay for thousands of reddit bots, I'm holding. You can get every mainstream media outlet to demonize us, I don't care. I'm making this as painful as I can for you.  To CNBC: you must realize your short term gains through promoting institutions' agenda is just that - short term. Your staple audience will soon become too old to care, and the millions of us, not just at WSB but every person affected by the '08 crash that's now paying attention to GME, are going to remember how you stuck up for the firms that ruined so many of us, and tried to tear down the little guys. I know for sure I'll remember this. In response, here is a  , owned by   Comcast   and   GE  .  To the boomers, and/or people close to that age, just now paying attention to these "millennial blog posts": you realize that, even if you weren't adversely effected by the '08 crash, your children and perhaps grandchildren most likely were?  We're not enemies, we're on the same side . Stop listening to the media that's making us out to be market destroyers, and start rooting for us, because we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to punish the sort of people who caused so much pain and stress a decade ago, and we're taking that opportunity. Your children, your grandchildren, might have suffered as I described because of the institutions that we're fighting against. You really want to choose them, over your own family and friends? We're not asking you to risk your 401k or retirement fund on a single GME bet. We're just asking you to be understanding, supportive, and to not support the people that caused so much suffering a decade ago.  To WSB: you all are amazing. I imagine that I'm not the only one that this is personal for. I've read myself so many posts on what you guys went through during the '08 crash. Whether you're here for the gains, to stick it to the man as I am, or just to be part of a potentially market changing movement - thank you. Each and every one of you are the reason that we have this chance. I've never felt this optimistic about the future before. This is life changing amounts of money for so many of you, and to be part of a rare instance of a wealth distribution from the rich to the poor is just incredible. I love you all.        Note: I can't seem to get a hold of mods and they keep fucking removing the post. I have no idea how to get this to stick and its important to me that the people I'm addressing read it.
NY Times on our GME run: "Propelled by a mix of greed and boredom..."
Imagine co-writing the  ' biggest piece on class warfare in a decade and completely missing the fact that poor and middle class investors are doing this out of a sense of survival and spite.  Thank you Matt Phillips and Taylor Lorenz for enacting the same level of distain for us as the hedge fundies our tax dollars bailed out after the Great Recession.   You mischaracterized both the type of people involved in this action (literate, engaged, working poor to middle-class) and the action itself (is it greedy to spend our paychecks wringing dry hedge funds who daily manipulate the markets in milliseconds while we are forced to drop a few bucks here and there and hope for the best?).  There is a palpable elitism at play here, and a deeper concern that rests not with those risking real money during a pandemic for the shot at a better life but for the goddamn MMs and collective arbiters of financial advice and financial institutions beneath whose thumbs we've been placed to squirm long enough. This is a handful of stocks we're using to kneecap some idiot short sellers and you're insinuating that we're about to collapse the whole system.   We're not. We can't. These motherfuckers can, and have. We're fighting for a piece of the damn pie.  Make up whatever story gets you the headline, " ," as you so deliciously revel in bragging about. I hope you both learn from this. Because you didn't even bother to spend any time here listening to what these working folks have been shouting into every post on the board, shouting on Twitter, on Facebook, into our phones as we watch the stock green dick rocket every hour on Robinhood: "THIS ISN'T ONLY ABOUT THE MONEY!"  HOLD! HOLD! HOLD!  edit:words edit 2: I don't actually hope it's your last stories; I'd rather you learned from the experience.
DeepFuckingValues Pay Day
(Safe for Work) An Open Letter to CNBC and Its Contributors: Through Either Ignorance or Bad Faith, You Are Getting This Wrong.
Ladies and gentlemen and everyone in between, strap in because we’re going to use real words for this one. I speak for myself here and no one else (and no one else here speaks for everyone else either).  Feel free to DM for more facts and context.  CNBC, whether its true or not, the past 3 days have made EVERYONE honestly believe that you are truly bought out by Wall Street, in every sense. You’ve paraded “analyst” after analyst, hedge fund manager after manager, boomer after boomer, to try and demonize and deflect blame for the GameStop situation.    Firstly, your contributors need to stop pretending they don’t know short squeeze mechanics.    You’ve had dozens of people on your air whining about how no one in   cares about fUnDaMeNtALs and VaLuATiOn regarding GameStop. OF COURSE, we don’t care about GME’s fundamentals  anymore , because we are in a SQUEEZE. We are in a squeeze in which the Shorts have DOUBLED-DOWN constantly. That means OF COURSE the price keeps going into the stratosphere. Do you actually believe your own lie that the Shorts like Melvin have closed out? I don’t, and we have data that agrees. Why would we sell our shares “’fair value”” if the squeeze isn’t done?  Secondly, most of us are well aware that GME isn’t a $100billion company, or whatever $5000/share is. I think we are all very much aware that we are in the middle of a short squeeze, NOT price discovery.   This does not mean that our interest in GME was not a     value-based thesis     at first .  Our most famous GME long u/ DeepF\ \ kingValue has been in GME since 2019.( . There are others here who I’m sure joined at some point way back when. If you want more credibility, the famous Michael Burry and some dudebro Donald Foss both entered large positions in GME a long time ago. These people believed in the   FUTURE      VALUE    of GME. They saw that savage, unrelenting short sellers like Melvin had  pounded  the share price into the ground, actively and immorally aiming for bankruptcy. Retail bought in in September because Ryan Cohen saw enough   value   to buy stock. The price jumped to $13/share in November because Ryan Cohen expressed his vision for a turnaround that people saw a ton of future   value   in. The big spike happened when Cohen n co. joined the BOARD OF DIRECTORS at GME. Why are your hosts and “analysts” pretending that these things didn’t happen?  And the whole while, Melvin and Shorts were DOUBLING DOWN on their positions, which were already part of the preposterous, irresponsible and potentially illegal +100% short interest. And even now (as far as we know), the short interest IS STILL   OVER 100%  . STOP PRETENDING THAT THESE THINGS DID NOT HAPPEN. You’ve had people constantly claiming that the prices are reaching these levels “for no reason” and that the initial bullish sentiment was created “out of thin air”. The people who keep saying these things, including your hosts, are either willfully ignorant or acting in bad faith.  Good, decent people provided their Due Diligence on this subreddit. They pointed out the $6.4billion in revenue in 2019. They pointed out the E-commerce sales  tripling  YOY. They pointed out the ability to easily pay off debt. They even called HUNDREDS of GameStops, where we found out they were constantly selling out of inventory, AND have plans of having PC-building-stations in-store. They pointed out the rapidly expanding Gaming Market, and the ability to grab substantial market share. And yes, they pointed out the 140% short interest,   BUT PEOPLE DID NOT START BUYING $GME SOLELY BECAUSE OF SHORT INTEREST  . Smart or not, honest people here bought into GME initially as a   value   play. They did their homework. They found data. They showed proof of positions. This brings me to my third point:  In the entire time I have been on wallstreetbets, we have NEVER “targeted” a stock or hedge fund JUST to bust the shorts. Short-busting is not who WSB is. Those are the kids on TikTok, or the grifters on Twitter. Every single  popular  thesis on here has been backed up with  , and MAYBE 85% of the members don’t know what theta decay is, but we do  not  pull stocks out of thin air, as you’ve claimed.  People here genuinely believe in these stocks. People here believe in Ryan Cohen, and the potential for GameStop to be reinvented. People believe in Blackberry’s future (present) as a rock solid software company. This brings me to my final issue:  It is disingenuous and plainly incorrect to blame every. single. price increase. on the “reddit rebellion” and short squeezes. STOP saying we are going after $BBBY – there hasn’t been a substantive post in 4 months on that. STOP saying we are pumping $NOK – we’ve advocated for leap calls in NOK for MONTHS because  we know  we cannot wait out their giant share float. And for JPow’s sake,    STOP BLAMING US FOR A   \[movie company\]   MC, EX   \[clothing store\]   PR, AND IRBT. TWO OF THOSE TICKERS ARE LITERALLY BANNED FROM THIS SUBREDDIT, AND THE OTHER ISN’T EVEN REAL TO US. WE CANT EVEN TYPE THEM INTO A POST WITHOUT GETTING AUTO-DELETED.     People who try to pump a stock for no reason are BANNED.  Yes, because of the events of this month, and because of the actions of groups like Citron, many people are happily engaging in one particular short squeeze. But that’s it. Yes, retail is more powerful than you may know, but we are not  that  powerful.  If you or anyone else reading this are wondering why there seems to be more internet chatter on that  one  particular movie company, hear this:  SOMEONE  has been creating fake accounts and BOTS to spam and pump up \[movie company\] and $nok, etc. to distract from GME. Ask the admins. Look at Chamath’s twitter replies. Look at   ALL   OF FINANCE TWITTER. There are newly created accounts and bots spamming the hell out of these other stocks in an effort to  manipulate  the market and save the shorts. Jeez, I wonder who is behind that?   Could it be the same group of people who bought $1.2million of GME puts right before      If anyone in the void is reading this, thanks. The point of this post was just to fight back in a tiny way against the days and days of whining millionaires on TV berating people they literally know nothing about. It’s to point out the ignorance of self-serving boomers saying things like “the SEC needs to regulate   the  Reddit”, etc. The point of this post was just to get our little corner of truth out there in the world, because we all know that truth is in short supply.
A message from your cuckly Gay Bear
Hello fellow retards. I am your local commie cuckmaster the Gay Bear! And I have important bullshit for you to hate me for.  But first things first. Good job with GME! Those bastards at Melvin and Citron don't deserve the title of Gay Bear. They spew lies and spread propaganda in order to decimate companies, and now it looks like GameStop is on the way to completely revolutionize their business model all thanks to you!  Now back to my commie bullshit.  While you autists have been hyperfixated on GME, the rest of the market decided to take a dump. SPY broke a bound it's been holding on to since last November. Also, the Pring's Special K indicator is closely approaching a lower bound. If you don't trust this indicator, I can assure you that I have done lots of Special K (the hose tranquilizing kind) when a flying midget told me that I can trust it.   Now that you know it's real, it's time to wildly speculate on why the market would react like this. First of all, if anyone hates commies  more than you, it's hedge fund managers and market movers. They think that communism is when the government takes away their money and gives it to ingrates like you. What a bunch of idiots.   Now that they think you're basically worse than china, they would rather bring down the whole system out of spite than to acknowledge that you've won.  Also, remember that the orange haired troll printed off money wherever his micropenis pointed to, and now the senile hair sniffer is worried about something called a "deficit" whatever the fuck that is.   So with that, if SPY doesn't recover tomorrow I'm going to drop whatever I've been holding on to and go balls deep on GME, BB, and AMC calls.
Charitably-Minded Autists
Probably doesn't belong here, but I honestly don't think the Submission Guidelines were written with these kinds of gains in mind.  Many of you probably know this already, but if you're charitably minded you can really maximize your gift by donating APPRECIATED stock directly to charity instead of selling (incurring tax) and gifting cash.  A few fine print items to note:  -Donating stock that you have held for less than a year (short term gain) limits your deduction to your original investment (basis) to the stock. If you have held the stock for long term, you get to deduct the fair market value at the time of the gift. ( ✊)  -Charitable deductions are below-the-line deductions, meaning that you would need to itemize your deductions in order to get proper credit. If you take the standard deduction instead, your maximum deduction is $300.  -Your gains are added to your Adjusted Gross Income. If you do itemize and want to claim deduction you need to understand that your deduction is capped based on your AGI and the type of property you are donating. For cash, you can deduct up to 60% of AGI. For appreciated stock, you can only deduct up to 30% of your AGI. The IRS permits a 5 year carry forward for charitable gifting if you exceed these limits.   None of this is tax or legal advice. I just like the stock.   Some notable charities you might want to consider:  Southwest Autism Research and Resource Center :     NEXT for AUTISM:    Turning Pointe Autism Foundation:      Organization for Autism Research:
Where is the loss porn?
Maybe I'm the only one who's noticed. But this sub has gotten a lot worse. All I see now is tendies and diamond hands. This used to be one of those awesome subs where you'd get next level loss porn. You'd get something like   posts every week, and then you wouldn't know if they got shot in the back alley by a credit card company hitman. Then the GUH video dropped. That was some hardcore amateur stuff!  But lately the quality has really gone down. I could get better loss porn on like mainstream news sites. Like there was this one company that lost something like $  but you know that stuff is fake. No Robinhood bans and they get loans. There's no meat, no long lasting repercussions. Real bankruptcy never happens with any of these big hedge fund studios. I dunno, if any of you old timers are into that kind of underground stuff too can you link me to some other good subs with some amateur loss porn (\~$200k)?
Hold your ground, HOLD $GME
I’m so fucking proud of every single person in or connected to this sub.
This probably won’t get anywhere and I don’t care, even if one person sees this, I am proud to be a part of this piece of history with you. I don’t know who you are or where you live or what your living situation is like or why the fuck we haven’t sold for massive tendies yet, but I do know that this isn’t about money anymore. It’s about proving a point.   Call it an opportunity, call it revenge, or justice, I know we are on the right side of this. I’m proud to be holding next to you fellow brothers and sisters in arms. I will not sell. I will hold until Melvin and Citron and any other fucker who think that they can get away from the inevitable by using dirty tactics and mis-information to de platform us fails at their own game.  But they fucked up. The mods here got shit cleaned up and fixed in a fuckin amazing amount of time because they’re apart of this too, this community of fucking freedom fighters, stone cold killers, average fucking joes who are staring these hedge fund “eXpErTs” in the face and saying “Stonks only go up” and won’t sell until they bleed them dry.   It’s an honor to be with you.   To the fucking Moon. GME        I’ll see all of y’all on the lunar surface. Drinks on me  Edit: Spelling because I can’t spell
DO YOU SEE!
I am a bull, like my father before me
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, January 28, 2021 Part II
Your daily trading discussion thread. Please keep the shitposting to a minimum.                                                        DD         Discussion         YOLO         Gain         Loss             Read the   and make sure other people follow them.    Try  , also accessible through the top bar.
I stuffed up
So... been watching all you retards for about 9 months or so but have never been on the market or held any stocks..... with all this GME stuff going on i thought fuck it lets jump in on it...   So after much googling on how to actually buy shares.. I signed up..  signed up to a few brokers? App /sites thing.. couldn't get any of them to work because I am retarded I guess...   Anyway I finally managed using Comsec from my commonwealth bank ( Australia) ... ending up getting $510  worth of GME stocks.... only to realise it is a Australian  GME stock ( some kind of nickel and iron ore mining company) on the Asx and so Totally different to the game stop stocks..... I really am a retarded idiot....  now to buy or sell international shares i need to apply and fill out some American tax papers form ect... which due to high demand will take 15   well live and learn I guess. Was kinda fun to do anyway.
How we all bouta look tomorrow morning after burning hedge funds to the ground
Why aren't short sellers just cutting their losses? Are there really that convinced they will make a last minute comeback? Seems a little short-sighted
Those whole GME / AMC thing seems awesome. I'm loving it. But I'm not getting the concept of why the short sellers aren't just cutting their losses now while theta is chewing the shit out of them and their losses continue to increase. Do they really think the bottom is going to fall out at the last   much that they would risk billions more? I've gotta be missing something   is it?
If you want to know when to sell, read this.
# WHY WE HOLD?  First, let’s talk about fish. What do they do before they die? They jump around; they try to escape; they make noises. If your hands are weak, you let the fish escape. Now you cannot feed your family because your hands are just made of paper.  I know you are scared, me too. Especially when we thought we lost our guidance today after trading hours and we saw the price dropped without an ability to do anything. For me, I’ve just bought some more at $350 for 16k and I was scared shitless. I’m not gonna lie.  But, you should know that THEY ARE SCARED too, even more than us. You see, Melvin is nothing but just a big fish to us. This fucking shark I gotta bring it down not only to feed my family but also yours. But before we defeat them, they will use every dirty trick to fuck us over to win back this game. You will get hurt if your hands are not made of diamond. So HOLD IT tight, like you hold your wife’s boyfriend’s dong.  # WHEN TO SELL?  When you see the price goes up 5 times, 10 times, 50 times, or even more from one day to a week. That is when the short-queeze happens. That is when you sell. If your hands are made of paper, sell your position when it’s 5x. If your hands are made of wood, sell it at 10x. And so on so forth.  DO NOT SELL IT WHEN THE SQUEEZE DOESN’T HAPPEN YET. I repeat,   DO NOT SELL IT WHEN THE SQUEEZE DOESN’T HAPPEN YET  . This is a phenomenon that happens only ONCE in your life. You don’t want to miss it.  TL;DR: Only sell when you see the price spikes up 5x, 10x, 100x from one day to a week. This is the way.  Here are my rockets quotas:                  Positions: 158 shares on RH + 98 on Schwab:  LET'S FUCKING DO THIS.  I post it again because automod deleted it, this is the 4th time.
WSB when Reddit try’s to Ban Us
The real DD on SLV, the worlds biggest short squeeze is possible and we can make history
Here is the longer DD for the short squeeze case for SLV, a follow-up from my shorter post a few hours ago.  First things first,   don't do this until the GME rise is done.    Lets conquer one market at a time. I am long GME but am going long SLV immediately after. Then again each person is an individual and that needs to be made clear as well.    If you just want to know what to buy skip to the end    I present 2 investment DDs in this post, the short squeeze and the fundamentals.  If you want to see what to buy    The short squeeze:    Buy SLV shares and call options to force physical delivery of silver to the SLV vaults.  The silver futures market has oscillated between having roughly 100-1 and 500-1 ratio of paper traded silver to physical silver, but lets call it 250-1 for now.  This means that for every  250 ounces in open interest in the futures market, only 1 actually gets delivered.  Most traders would rather settle with cash rather than take delivery of thousands of ounces of silver and have to figure out to store and transport it in the future.  The people naked shorting silver via the futures markets are a couple of large banks and making them pay dearly for their over leveraged naked shorts would be incredible.  It's not Melvin capital on the other side of this trade, its JP Morgan.  Time to get some payback for the bailouts and manipulation they've done for decades (look up silver manipulation fines that JPM has paid over the years).  The way the squeeze could occur is by forcing a much higher percentage of the futures contracts to actually deliver physical silver.  There is very little silver in the COMEX vaults or available to actually be use to deliver, and if they have to start buying en masse on the open market they will drive the price massively higher.  There is no way to magically create more physical silver in the world that is ready to be delivered.  With a stock you can eventually just issue more shares if the price rises too much, but this simply isn't the case here.  The futures market is kind of the wild west of the financial world.  Real commodities are being traded, and if you are short, you literally have to deliver thousands of ounces of silver per contract if the holder on the other side demands it.  If you remember oil going negative back in May, that was possible because futures are allowed to trade to their true value.  They aren't halted and that's what will make this so fun when the true squeeze happens.  The silver market is much larger than GME in terms of notional value, but there is very little physical silver actually readily available (think about the difference between total shares and the shares in the active float for a stock), and the paper silver trading hands in the futures market is hundreds of times larger than what is available.  Thus when they are forced to actually deliver physical silver it will create a massive short squeeze where an absurd amount of silver will be sought after (to fulfill their contractually obligated delivery) with very little available to actually buy.  They are naked shorting silver and will have to cover all at once and the float as a percentage of the total silver stock globally is truly miniscule.    The fundamentals:    The current gold to silver ratio is 73-1.  Meaning the price of gold per ounce is 73 times the price of silver.  Naturally occurring silver is only   times as common as gold, so this ratio of 73-1 is quite high.  Until the early 20th century, silver prices were pegged at a 15-1 ratio to gold in the US because this ratio was relatively known even then.  In terms of current production, the ratio is even lower at 8-1.  Meaning the world is only producing 8 ounces of silver for each newly produced ounce of gold.  Global industry has been able to get away with producing so little new silver for so long because governments have dumped silver on the market for 80 years, but now their silver vaults are empty.  At the end of WW2 government vaults globally contained 10 billion ounces of silver, but as we moved to fiat currency and away from precious metal backed currencies, the amount held by governments has decreased to only   billion ounces as they dumped their supply into the market. But this dumping is done now as their remaining supply is basically nil.  This   billion ounces represents only  8% of the total supply of only 3 billion ounces stored as investment globally.  This means that 92% of that gold is held privately by institutions and by millions of boomer gold and silver bugs who have been sitting on meager gains for decades.  These boomers aren't going to sell no matter what because they see their silver cache as part of their doomsday prepper supplies.  It's locked away in bunkers they built 500 miles from their house. Also, with silver at $23 an ounce currently, this means all of the worlds investment grade silver only has a total market cap of $70 billion.  For comparison the investment grade gold in the world is worth roughly $6 trillion. This is because most of the silver produced each year actually gets used, as I have mentioned.  $70 billion sounds like a lot, but we don’t have to buy all that much for the price to go up a lot.      If the squeeze happens, it would be like 40 years worth of their gains in 4 months     The reason that only 8 ounces of silver are produced for every 1 ounce of gold in today's world is because there aren't really any good naturally occurring silver deposits left in the world.  Silver is more common than gold in the earth's crust, but it is spread very thin.  Thus nearly every ounce of silver produces is actually a byproduct of mining for other metals such as gold or copper.  This means that even as the silver price skyrockets, it wont be easy to increase the supply of silver being produced.  Even if new mines were to be constructed, it could take years to come online.  Finally, most of this newly created silver supply each year is used for productive purposes rather than kept for investment.  It is used in electronics, solar panels, and jewelry for the most part. This demand wont go away if the silver price rises, so the short sellers will be trying to get their hands on a very small slice of newly minted silver.  The solar market is also growing quickly and political pressure to increase solar and electric vehicles could provide more industrial demand.  The other part of the story is the faster moving piece and that is the inflation and currency debasement fear portion.  The government and the fed are printing money like crazy debasing the value of the dollar, so investors look for real assets like precious metals to hide out in, driving demand for silver.  The $  trillion stimulus passing in a month or two could be a good catalyst.  All this money combined with the reopening of the economy could cause some solid inflation to occur, and once inflation starts it often feeds on itself.       What to buy:    I will be putting   50% directly into SLV shares, and 50% into the $35 strike SLV calls expiring 4/16  .  This way the SLV purchase creates a groundswell into silver immediately that then rockets through a gamma squeeze as SLV approaches $35.  Price target of $75 for SLV by end of April if we pull this off.  Alternate options:  \- buying physical silver; this also works but you pay a premium to buy and sell so its less efficient and you take fewer silver ounces off of the market because of the premium you pay  \- going long futures for February or March; if you are a rich bastard and can actually take physical delivery of 1000s of ounces of silver by all means do so.  But if you simply settle for cash you are actually part of the problem.  We need actual physical delivery, which is what SLV demands and is why SLV is the way to go unless you are going to take delivery  \- miners; I don’t recommend buying miners as part of this trade.  Miners will absolutely go up if SLV goes up, but buying them doesn't create the squeeze in the actual silver market.  Furthermore, most silver miners only derive 30-50% of their revenue from silver anyways, so eventually SLV will outperform them as it gets high enough (and each marginal SLV dollar only increases miner profits by a smaller and smaller percentage)    Details on SLV physical settlement:    When SLV issues shares, the custodian is forced to true up their vaults with the proportional amount of silver daily.  From the SLV prospectus:  "An investment in Shares is:  Backed by silver held by the Custodian on behalf of the Trust.  The Shares are backed by the assets of the Trust. The Trustee’s arrangements with the Custodian contemplate that at the end of each business day there can be in the Trust account maintained by the Custodian no more than 1,100 ounces of silver in an unallocated form. The bulk of the Trust’s silver holdings is represented by physical silver, identified on the Custodian’s or, if applicable, sub-custodian's, books in allocated and unallocated accounts on behalf of the Trust and is held by the Custodian in London, New York and other locations that may be authorized in the future."  Join me brothers.  Lets take silver to the moon and take on the biggest and baddest manipulators in the world.  Please post rocket emojis in the comments as desired.  Disclaimer: do your own research, make your own decisions, everything here is a guess and hypothetical and nothing is guaranteed, not a financial advisor, I have ADHD and maybe other things too.   Bear case:  silver does tend to sell off if the broader market plunges so it’s not immune to broad market sell off.  It’s also the most manipulated market in the world so we are facing some tough competition on the short side
Why $NOK won't squeeze and why it may be manipulation
Disclaimer: This is not investment advice, I am retarded also and have 1/29 $5P and $  on $NOK because I am not retarded and I understand basic market dynamics and I want free money. I am not advocating any plays.  Yeah bagholders, shills, and hedge fund bots I know you won't like this post but shut the fuck up and Ill try to save you some money and explain the bullshit as to why this stock has been shilled. Out of random this stock gets pumped up by new accounts saying its the next short squeeze. Lets take a look at it and compare it to the other short squeezes, $GME and $AMC.  # Short Interest (SI) Potential  Its no secret now why some weird market forces are acting on $GME and $AMC because of forced buying due to a short squeeze. In order to trigger a short squeeze you need huge short positions to trigger the forced buying after a price increase. If you need more than that to know what i mean look up a youtube video im not gonna hold your hand, put your big boy pants and learn it yourself smooth brain. GME has the retardedly high level of 140% (which is illegal) causing insane forced buying spiking it 6,700% from its pre-squeeze levels     !   There won't be that forced buying pressure from shorts being forced to close out.  # Gamma Squeeze potential  Okay you're still not convinced whatever fuck you read this too. If you don't know what a gamma squeeze look that shit up it isn't that hard to grasp and i'm not you dad so teach yourself. Today an insane amount of call options traded on them, sure, but that won't affect the price much. All call option open interest is 934,240 at close, which is just 93M shares worth underlying. Even if MM's are forced to buy shares because they are selling naked there are     shares outstanding on NOK.   Even if all those calls are naked (most probably aren't) then that's only 93,424,000 shares they have to purchase which is about   of shares outstanding   if you look at the 1/29 call options. They could close those out so quickly and at no real price increase because there's no forced buying from shorts.  # Daily Volume  Okay bag holder you're impressed they traded over 1B shares today which is a record for NOK. That matters less than your basketball games did to your dad. That 1B share volume is less than 20% than shares outstanding, but today GME did 150% and AMC did 1200% so its nowhere even close in relative trading volume to the big boys. 1B seems big but it really aint in this context.  # Valuation  Yeah some of you have no idea what i said above and may never but before you go back to drooling on your keyboard lets take a look at valuations real quick. Before GME squeezed it had a Market cap of about 300M, and AMC had Market Cap of 600M. NOK is sitting at a 35B Market cap right now, it is many many magnitudes larger than those two. its not a small cap fallen from grace it is still a large cap stock. A large cap stock is a stock over 10B is it is   the minimum of a large cap, not punt GME or AMC.  # "Its a 5G play"  yeah sure it is to some point, but the market knows everything about it already. It didn't come out with a new product, service, get a new PT or anything else. Its not 50% better than it was a few days ago on now news. Sure it may have been relatively undervalued but it went up 40% today and nothing is new. Im not saying it’s a dead company either just that it’s worth 35 fucking billion dollars already   # Summary  This isn't a stock to buy to punish the hedge funds. All your calls are doing is handing free premium money to them and buying their shares at insane valuations.  # What do I think it is?  Who the fuck knows why so many pumpers are out there on this stock. Maybe some are hedge fund bots, maybe they have a record number of bagholders, maybe its people who love buying on the "greater fool theory". I don't know but what i do know is that its not the rocket ship a bunch of virgins are saying it is. All you're doing is buying hedge fund douchebag their 3rd wife's boob job and a new yacht to fuck them in.  Edit: why post this? Pumping and dumping stocks like this is gonna cause this place to get a bad name for manipulating stuff on no news or market analysis
Implications of Bullshit SEC Shutdown of Trading GME?
MASS regulator suggests halting the stock for 30 days, White House looking etc.  What are the implications if one of these bullshit moves is made by the gov? I know Powell already had a “no comment” along with press sec. but my feeling is these scum hedge funds have most of these folks bought and paid for to pressure regulation.   I personally see this backfiring on them in a big way but how would this affect our GME tendies if this shit somehow happened?  Edit: I bring this up because “authority” fucking with my hard earned money makes my blood BOIL. The silencing of free speech, the blatant manipulation and projection, the fake virtue signaling “we’re trying to save you from your own ruin” assuming we can’t handle risks WE TAKE with OUR money...   I was LIVID earlier and I KNOW they will continue to try quite possibly anything they can to fuck holders
Call your brokerage and demand compensation for today’s outage! I got $200+ from TDA!
I tried unloading AMC at open today to go balls deep into GME (using TDAmeritrade’s ThinkOrSwim) and what do you   weren’t working for about 30 minutes.   I left Robinhood because they always   this happen with TDA and all the other brokerages is highly suspicious as I’ve NEVER had an issue after the first minute or so after market open.   They have no issue collecting fees on option trades, but when their shitty service breaks for 30 minutes they take zero responsibility.  My position was fucked around $450 and they cut me a credit for almost half the amount at $200+.  I reached out via the the Chat App within ThinkOrSwim and you better believe I took screenshots and videos when nothing was working for proof.   All these brokerages are acting “suspicious” like we’re criminals because WE LIKE THE STOCK! I feel like they’re out to get us and they have to pay (literally) for screwing us over - give them a call or send them a message if you lost $ due to their outages!
I LOVE THE MOVIES: Part 1
TLDR: buy AMC shares. My position: 7600 shares at $  cost basis.  How many people have you heard talking desperately about getting out of the house? About how “I just wish I could go to the movies again!” People are FED UP with being cooped up inside. As soon as spring/summer rolls around AMC is going to sell out every single showing.   But people will be scared to go out still!!? But they will be careful!!!?  Bullshit. I’ve seen soccer moms and dads cut off locks from Chicago city playgrounds during the height of the pandemic just to get some playtime in for their kids. People are tired AF of waiting around at home and are desperate to go to the movies, buy some overpriced popcorn, and get 5 hours of sugar sweats from pounding a pound of sour patch kids.  I REALLY LIKE THE AMC STOCK.  What happens when movies sell out over and over again? Price hikes! What happens when prices get hiked on a product that has zero marginal cost like a movie license? Huge profits! What happens when you buy a coke for $15 that cost $  cents? Huge profits! What happens when your labor cost is minimum wage because everyone is unemployed (ok nevermind they always paid minimum wage)? Huge profits! What happens when a year of huge profits allows you to reinvest in a new and better movie experience and drive further growth? Huge profits! What happens when the stock is immensely oversold short? Huge profits!   I REALLY LIKE THE AMC STOCK.  I don’t know about you, but I grew up as a kid salivating at GameStop and thrilled to go to AMC. Let’s bring back the good ole days.   Positions: 7600 shares AMC
I'm Sick of Hearing Wall Street Act Like We Can't Handle Risk
On CNBC, the hosts and the interviewees kept circling back to how retail investors are in over our heads.  As if we're all so dumb that we don't realize these stocks can go down just like they can go up.  Motherfu\ \ er, have you even been through this subreddit?  We know exactly what the risks are.  This is the sub where people post graphs from March showing themselves 1000X'ing on Puts and then losing it all right back.  We get it more than you do CNBC.  We know there is risk.  Stop acting like you need to hold our hands and protect us.  That's bullshit.  None of you actually care, you're just upset that retail is absolutely killing it while your shitty portfolio is selling off.  What exactly are we risking anyways?  Most people on WSB are young with maybe a few $10K's in the bank.  We are the exact people who should be taking risks.  $10K invested in the stock market even over the next 30 years isn't gonna change your life.  These guys are flying around in private jets telling you to save for retirement so that you won't get kicked out of your shitty apartment at 65 years old.  This is a moment in history where billions of dollars have flowed from the rich to the poor.  Where it'll end up, who knows, but I guarantee that we'd rather play the game and take the loss if it happens than sit on the sidelines and play it safe.  The truth is that if you want to make it in this world, you have to take big ass risks.  The downside is usually overstated.  So yeah, fuck off CNBC analysts and stop telling us you're worried we'll get hurt.  That's not your real worry.  Your worry is that we're exposing how rigged the system really is.
They want to say we dont know fundamentals? 250% float isnt fundamental
Investopedia    has this article talking about shorts and floats:   .     Here's a couple key takeaways:    Theoretically, the maximum amount of a company's float that could be shorted is equal to the float itself; although, in reality, it's rare for a stock to have a short interest greater than 50%.   Short selling is an  .  Note that the fundamental here is that it shouldnt be above 50%💸💸💸 normally, let alone 100%. It shouldnt even be an idea under normal circumstances. We didnt create this non-fundamental scenario. They did.  Also note that shorting is called "SPECULATION." Speculation is not wise, well informed investing😒😒. They are betting and they always warn that it is betting. They warn non-stop that you should be very careful. They scare you away from these massive profit potentials and hide behind complex ideas.  Once they start losing, they suddenly change their tune   . They claim we arent paying attention to fundamentals. That we are inexperienced and making dumb moves. This is the most shrewd, clever, intelligent market move made since the Big Short. The institutional investors got caught with their pants down 😘 in public and blame us for calling them out on it.  Market Makers are not the Market. They might think they are, but they aren't. You cant time the market, but you can damn well time shorts    .  GME & AMC to the next galaxy                     just to prove a point  TLDR: 250% float aint fundamental. But our gainz will be eternal  🐱‍🏍   EDIT: SEC SHILLS ASKING ME FOR ADVICE CAN FUCK OFF. I AINT GETTING PLAYED. MY NAME AINT   KAREEM SERAGELDIN. I like the stock.  EDIT 2: Added emojis for clarity and tldr  EDIT 3: HOW DO I SELL AWARDS AND REDDIT COINS TO BUY GME?? PLZ HALP  EDIT POTATO: FUCK GUYS I MIGHT BE ACTUALLY RETARDED. LOOKS LIKE ITS CLOSER TO 95%. NOT 250
The biggest risk we face (and why it's nothing to worry about for now)
Greetings all. Bit of background: I've been on this sub for years (was even a mod temporarily when /u/only1parkjisung modded a bunch of people for fun long, long ago), and I've been in the hedge fund world for about a decade (I'm a sell-side analyst; won't go into more detail than that as it isn't necessary). I mention all of this because I know both how this world works and how the hedge fund world works, which gives me a unique insight into what might happen next.  I won't make any predictions on GME, BB, or other stocks, because I don't think the squeeze's biggest risk right now is there. Rather, the biggest risk comes from what we've already seen happen over at Discord with the shutdown of the server. Note that Discord has had significant investment from private equity funds including FirstMark Capital, Greenoaks Capital Partners, Index Ventures, IVP, Greylock Partners, Benchmark, Accel, General Catalyst, Ridge Ventures, Spark Capital, and Tencent Holdings. At least one of these firms has invested with Point72 Ventures, which recently helped Melvin Capital. So it's not too surprising that strings were pulled to get the Discord channel banned for "hate speech" (which is a very useful brush to tar anyone with, as anyone who challenges it can easily be dismissed as a nazi).  Now, this subreddit's long history of using several slurs is an opportunity for the hedge fund world to claim it is a hate subreddit and pressure Reddit to get it closed. I recommend the r-word and f-word be banned by mods for this reason; yes I know it is stupid and, well, r-worded, but best to play the game and self censor rather than give these assholes a single in to destroy this community.  What is the risk of Reddit getting orders from owners to shut us down? At the moment, I'd say pretty low, but the bigger it gets the more there is that risk. Reddit is owned by Advance Publications, which is owned by Donald Newhouse and the Newhouse family (some details here:   Fortunately, Newhouse's family office (think a private hedge fund dedicated to investing just the family's money) is pretty far removed from the hedge fund world afaik. The family office's CIO (details here:   got her career started in the investment bank world and did not work for hedge funds, at least according to her Linkedin profile. So the Donaldson family has limited motive to stick their necks out and force a ban of this subreddit.  However, it remains a risk and a very serious one. I suggest the mods work together to get some legal representation going; if Palihapitiya was serious about investing in the WSB community, I'd suggest putting some money aside for this and for compliance. A kickstarter fund would not be a good idea because of the ease with which bad faith arguments of collusion could be made.  In short, WSB is at the mercy of Reddit's admins, who are at the mercy of its executives, who are at the mercy of the owners. While WSB is making serious progress as a revolution against the billionaires, this is a very serious weakness that the Discord ban has exposed and that mods need to work on fixing asap.
I SAY WHEN WE SELL!
WE LIKE THE MODS.
We LOVE them actually.
WSB'S REVENGE - CALLING ALL     TO KEEP YOUR     AWAY FROM THE
FELLAS I AM SORRY
#FELLAS I AM SORRY    from 100k to 20k. GME finally brought me back to 100k today after holding for about a week, and I paper hands'ded and sold. I was just ecstatic to 'undo' the fuck-up that blew my account up. I am terrified of losing that money again, it's everything I've saved up since 2017.  I am glad the mods made this sub private earlier.    I am seeing the true level of conviction of the REAL WSB OG's   . I am seeing that there was a lot of noise today, and that the people who have been here the longest, who have bled and fought with me through JNUG/JDST, through meme-ing AMD at $13, through TSLA squeeze, through a GLOBAL FUCKING PANDEMIC.. are still diamond handing this.  #I feel like I betrayed you guys today.  I seriously told myself after selling today that I was going to stay 100% cash until this all blew over. It's been hard to know what is really going on lately because of all the bots and astroturfing. But I have seen the level of conviction of the TRUE VETERAN AUTISTS of this sub and I am rejuvenated.  Although I can't afford to risk all of my money,    I am not going to sit on the sidelines after the laughs, the panic, the joy, the loss, and the good times this sub has given me over the years.    I honestly see you guys as friends, even if I don't see your faces, or know you on a personal level. And friends stick it out, through whatever bullshit life throws at them.  #TOMORROW I AM BACK IN. 5K WORTH OF SHARES, AND HOLDING UNTIL THE END. NO STOP LOSS, NO LIMIT SELL. FOR GLORY, OR FOR DEATH. I WILL STAND BY YOU BROTHERS.  #   the horn of hammerhand will sound in the deep one last time.     Edit:  #OBLIGATORY #
We look now, across the vast ocean between us, to our European and Asian fellows in this war. It is up to you now, to help us enter this next day with fire in our hearts and our sell buttons disabled. To the next galaxy, comrades
I just want you to know that years from now, when we are all paid off on our debt, and starting businesses, and buying homes and apartments and paying for pet surgery and medicine, back rents and back mortgages, daycare and baby food and 529c's, brand name meat for dinner...   I will remember this moment. You will remember this moment. Let us bask in this glory forever          to infinity and beyond    We like the stock
My response to Fox Business asking for an interview. MODS REMOVE MY PRISON TAT, I'VE BEEN A GOOD BOY!
Hey Brad,  First a bit about me, I'm young and have been trading successfully with my own money for the last   years and am now retired. Thanks Elon.  With that out of the way, the beautiful thing about this movement is it's not a movement with any one representative point of view. It's more of a public gathering where if one person has an idea and it's well thought through, it gets upvoted and awarded. It's truly democratic and decentralized.  The GME phenomenon started exactly this way, when a few people including Michael Burry (Big Short fame) noticed that it was trading ridiculously below book value. Others on here took notice and believe it or not, did thorough due diligence (I encourage you to use the "DD filter" and see some of this, it's pretty incredible work) with financials laid out and then wrote posts about it. When Chewy founder Ryan Cohen took on a large position and became another activist investor with a grand new vision, more people on here noticed and saw not only and undervalued asset but one with actual explosive growth potential given the gaming sector growth.  Then people here took notice of the fact that 148% of the float was sold short (still a bit hazy on how this is legal) and did what Wall St. and the mainstream media didn't do, they looked and saw the audacity and greed of a few funds who thought they could never lose, were completely over leveraged and then acted on this public info and posted about it. More people here noticed and more people acted.  This is done everyday by hedge funds behind closed doors. The only thing we did differently is we did it out in the open and without inside information.  With that said, I have to respectfully decline to go on the air and be a representative of over   million members of Wallstreetbets, which by design, is not a coordinated movement and should not have a representative. I sincerely believe this and am not trying to be a hero or "anti-establishment."  I really appreciate you reaching out and I want you to feel free to use any of this for your segment but please make sure to stress that this is just the view of 1 out of   million people and not necessarily the views of the subreddit. I really think Fox Business has a once in a lifetime opportunity to cover the shift of market power from private to public and to differentiate itself from the hacks at CNBC.  Godspeed and make us proud!   A humble retard
"We got 'em on the ropes!"
The GME Situation: a discussion for our times.
This GME situation seems to me that it could be best described as: THE GME RESET. Or OUR GREAT RESET.  Wouldn’t it be interesting if a Point of View was offered similar to:  “It would be inequitable to introduce regulations to retail investors as a result of THE GME RESET.”  “The GME RESET is about speaking truth to power and promoting equal access to financial institutions”  “WSB supports the 2030 Agenda TO MARS”.  ETA: not financial advice. 1 share GME, bc I like the stock.
WE’RE BACK... AND READY FOR WAR!
I am a actual autist, on the spectrum, luckily I brought my   gloves from the kitchen. BB, AMC, GME, KOSS. We are strong, we will build the greatest cow capsule rocket ship too reach the mooooooooooon in history. The boomers raised us.
$NIO: Old flames never die
Ok, so gather around, a proper DD incoming.  Nio is one of the stonks that most joys have brought me in WSB. Now backed by several big banks and some might consider it more institutional, but I still think it has the opportunity to have a   huge upside   like in the ol' days. In other words :  "Where there was fire, ashes remain"  Why do I think that? Because of the following:  1- Earnings will be astronomical for the stonk as   deliveries of vehicles   have been spectacular:   111% increase YOY.    2- The company is always innovating as seen on demo day with the program related to self-driving.  3-   The company knows what its doing:   they offer shares to raise more capital and reinvest it to grow the company; they plan to open a new factory in Denmark to start covering Europe, charging stations are becoming extremely popular, and they are making a shitton of them  4- And finally they are in China if don't know about this country because you missed geography in school is the most populated country on earth and a major economic player in the world, so if the company reaches 2% of the population and sells to this 2% each year, guess how much that is? Let's do the math together to avoid mistakes: 1,393,000,000 \    = 27,860,000. The point I'm trying to get across is that there is a lot of market to cover and expand.   That's a lot of cars, and this is only considering china. If they start production and sell to other countries, we are looking at an incredible amount of sales, and sales lead to revenue, revenue leads to a company having a huge upside as it's a possible catalyst, and that leads you to have a stonk with a huge price increase, kick your wife's boyfriend out of the house and live in the most special place in the world:   Tendie town  , those sweet sweet tendies!    Positions  : 200 NIO shares @    What's my background? Well, I did a WSB fund with stonks in python using a max Sharpe ratio, that got banned because a certain stock at that moment was a low-cap, but if you followed that portfolio you would have outperformed the S&P this year by 1000% approximately.  I also published a post on PLTR when nobody gave a flying fuck about the stock and was trading at 23 USD with shitron shorting it and everybody saying it was completely overpriced.   You would be up by 66% if bag hold 'till today.      TLDR  : So buckle up,   $NIO   will fly again. By simple math and good management, this is meant to fly.
I HAVE CREATED A PETITION FOR A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT AGAINST THE BROKERAGES THAT COLLUDED AND SHUT DOWN WHEN WE WERE TRYING TO BUY GAMESTOP
THERE IS SIMPLY NO FUCKING EXCUSE FOR THIS. Brokerages such as TD Ameritrade or Etrade either shut down or restricted their trading preventing many of us, likely   millions   of us, from freely trading our own money. It is not a coincidence that all of these brokerages shut down at the same time, potentially resulting in   hundreds of millions if not billions of dollars worth of losses.    We know what their excuses will be: "heightened volatility". But all of them at the same time, really? I understand that these are unique circumstances but these are established brokers with large development teams, is it really a coincidence that all of them failed to handle larger than expected volumes?  And even if it is merely volatility, why should it be our responsibility for not being able to freely make transactions at a time when mere seconds can drastically change your portfolio value. We cannot keep allowing these powerful brokerages to fuck us   especially at times when reliable trading is most needed.   Thus, it is prudent for us to sue these platforms for not providing the services we needed in the most desperate of times.   I am attempting to contact a couple of lawyers that I know, one of which I already know would surely like to see interest in something like this.    If you are interested in joining a potential class action lawsuit, please sign this petition, and let's get the ball rolling.  It's time to make these large platforms actually suffer consequences for their actions and not screw retail traders over like every other time:
The highest conviction trade of all time
You thought he just stumbled into this yolo overnight?
Cramer should up his target to 1,  and only then will honor be regained and balance restored!
EPSTEIN SHENANIGANS ALL OVER AGAIN
So you're telling me I can't login to my accounts for hours during the most critical times?   So you're saying Melvin is out now?   You're banning WSB off of Discord?   Calling for WSB on reddit to be gone?   WSB just magically gets slapped with hate speech now as boomers lose billions?   Biden and SEC is now looking into option activity?   Don't let these BOOMER billionaires deter you! DIAMOND FUCKING HANDS                            Edit: seeing lots of media smearing and defending of billionaires who love 140% short positions. Lots of opinions from nobodies and boomers on what WSB is.  FUCK THEM, WE KNOW WHO WE ARE. DIAMOND HANDS TO MARS
Inside the room of a /WSB autist
It's Simple: We Buy Jim Cramer
Hello fellow jackasses. As we're engaged in the holiest of wars against Sellvin, I've pondered what to do after the inevitable victory when GME (hereafter referred to as "Jimmy") surpasses BRKA's value. We rain down weapons-grade chromesomium from the heavens, but what will the history books remember us doing with the spoils of war?   #THE PLAN   After we're done mailing boxes labeled "extra Jimmy shares" full of peanut brittle snakes to Melvin's Syndicate of Stupidity HQ, I propose we buy out the contract of the wax-headed Seinfeld character on CNBC. We simply shave off 2% of our collective gains, make our offer to CNBC, and collect our Cramery spoils.    From then on, we make him the WSB mascot. Dress him as a clown and rent him out for children's burthday parties. Make him wear a sandwich board reading "beanie babies are crash-proof" and have him stand outside the NYSE every day until he straight up expires from old age. Legally change his name to Jimmy ToMoon? By all means.   Me? I just wanna dress him in little sweaters and take him on walks.    I want ideas on my desk by 4.   EDIT: Cramer, if you're reading this, if you  can  read this, what's your sweater size? I'm planning on buying 2 sizes smaller, so act accordingly.
Tonight showed how much the average retail investor can do
What seemed like a coordinated attack on the discord and sub to silence us and momentarily drive the price down after hours is all the proof I personally need to see to know how much higher this can rise in the coming days. They are scared.   The shorts have only themselves to blame. They were given life lines and extra capital to escape their positions. But instead they use that money and opportunity to double down.   They call us names and make it seem like we are bandits, when in reality we are your brothers and sisters, aunts and uncles and so on. There is nothing malicious about liking a stock and buying and holding it.   In fact, CNBC and other outlets encouraged the young generation to start investing and tell us the stock market is the greatest creation of wealth possible.   But when we do, they don’t like us getting it right. They are the pool sharks at the table and they just want us to play to get our money.   Hold strong in your convictions and if you’re in a certain stock remember why and do not let emotions take over. When you do, they win and you lose. And trust me when I say, we do not get a bail out.   Hold strong!  Positions: 160 shares GME
I see dead hedge funds
If we all come up with a dollar or two, we could get the best securities lawyers on retainer for a class action if the SEC pulls shenanigans
The Age of the Retail is upon us.  The brokers have given us commission-free trading. Reddit, twitter, etc. have given us a collective hive mind where ideas can be nurtured, critiqued, developed, distributed, and acted upon in concert.  However, the government, hedge funds, brokers, et. al. still practice their dirty tricks to protect their own. We should fear the systematic risk of cronyism within the halls of government and Wall Street to put the brakes on our profit making, which is our lawful American right.  Should the SEC illegally or unjustly intervene on behalf of their friends (who so often reward government poodle regulators with lucrative jobs after leaving civil service), we will need to find a large law firm that specializes in securities and class actions and is willing to setup a trust account where you give your name, nominal retainer fee, and proof that you owned $GME to establish standing in a suit.  edit: Align incentives.  edit2: To those who misunderstand, this isn't about hiring a defense attorney, this is about holding government regulators accountable in federal court if they chose to illegally or unjustly injure GME holders. That can only be done if GME holders have representation.   Disclosure: We are individual investors that like the stock. Each WSB user acts of his own accord with regards to his market activity. Fearing illegal or unjust SEC action and hiring counsel is our American right, as is our Freedom of Association.
William Gavin on WSB "the retailers are vulnerable"
I felt like I needed to get this off my chest. I've lurked this sub for over a year. Throughout the pandemic, this subreddit and the discord have been my home. I turned $800 into $20k, not the most money, but the most fun I've had in some time. You guys have made me laugh. You guys have made me cry with bad options plays. You guys have made a lonely time less lonely. I've never been more excited to see others make money while I watched on the side.   Today, like us all, I've been reading through news. William Gavin, Secretary of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, told Barron's we should halt Gamestop for a month to let it cool down because "small and unsophisticated investors are probably going to get hurt by this.”  The outrage, to attempt to save big money while saying its to protect us. He said we are vulnerable. He said we are too "unsophisticated" to understand our risks. He said that shorts at least are sophisticated. Its so stupid its laughable. As if we are simply children mashing buttons.   We are adults, with crayons.  So Bill, please tell us how vulnerable we are tomorrow.    “I think the little guys you describe are probably the ones most likely to get hurt,” he said. “Those that are more sophisticated—who might be shorting—they may get hurt, but they’re more sophisticated. They probably understand the risk they’re taking.”   EDIT: Please dont upvote. Just hit   Karma.   EDIT 2: Too late, karma to the moon.
The WSB Index: Quantifying r/WallStreetBets ludicrous performance in 2021
For the past few months, I've been testing a strategy that is based around discussion on WallStreetBets. I don't need to give you an introduction into what's been going on here, so I'll get right into the pretty pictures.    Strategy    1. Get data on previous week’s WallStreetBets discussion from Quiver Quant API. 2. Identify the five most mentioned stocks. 3. Buy those stocks at the start of the trading week, sizing positions based on how much they were talked about in proportion to each other. 4. Sell positions at the end of the trading week. 5. Repeat    Performance       I initially considered examining the sentiment behind discussion of different tickers and constructing a market-neutral portfolio, but decided that taking short positions sounded like some bear shit and chose to steer clear.  Below is a visualization showing what the portfolio looked like every week. Note the bar sizes increasing and decreasing depending on how much capital we have to invest.     Let me know if you have any questions about the strategy and congratulations on your outstanding returns.     EDIT:  Here's what performance looked like today. WSB up 67%, market down
20 years from now...
Imagine you’re sitting in your wife’s boyfriend’s kitchen 20 years from now and their ten year old kid that you’re raising walks in.  “Hey, I just watched a movie about the GameStop squeeze of 2021! Weren’t you in the stock market back then?”  His excitement tries to cut through the field of regret the memory has sparked, but it can’t.   “I was,” you answer hesitantly. “That was a crazy time.”  “Well, did you trade it? Did you have it when it went to two thousand??”  He’s so giddy it’s almost palpable. You take a sip of coffee before answering.  “Well uh, I was, but sold my shares in the morning after they fell fifty bucks in after hours trading, at two hundred.”  You’ve never seen your son look at you like this before, and hope you’ll never have to again.  “Uh, okay.. bye..” he walks off.  You sigh, closing your eyes.   What you wouldn’t do to change the past.    Edit: Don’t give this dumb post money, put it into GME
Chamath Palihapitiya for President
This is simple retards, he already publicly hinted at running for California Governor. All we have to do is spread the word and get this mans elected to Ca Governor. By that time this sub (considering the growth scale) should have enough members to swing an election vote. Hook, sinker ladies and gents, then we really take down the hedge funds.  Note: this is super retarded and probably wont work but cool to think about. Positions: GME 350c / AMC 2700 shares @   and jan 20c 2022.  EDIT:   : GME TO 10,000  EDIT 2: Yes, I live in California
We. Are. Strong.
This community has gone through many things together. Loss porn, 10000%+ gainz, and many fights where we had each other’s backs. It’s not about the money, and we all know that or else we wouldn’t pull out loans to dump into stocks we promote. It’s about community, and we are at a precipice in history that WILL DETERMINE wether we live in a society dominated by the elite, or by the PEOPLE. If we roll over and let Wall Street steal out of the pockets of hardworking Americans like yourselves, nothing will ever change. But this time, the people hold the power, and they are scared.  WE ARE A COMMUNITY. We must not let the shill news and manipulated after hours pricing get to our heads. This is a BATTLE to TAKE BACK THE POWER TO OUR FINANCIAL SYSTEM, and possibly the best thing we could do since we fucked up the gold standard.  It’s our time. Our time is now.  Go forth and
Thank you moderators
I don’t know what the future of this community is.  I do know that the moderators of this community have made it possible to make history.  More than that, it has always felt like the mods have legitimately cared about maintaining the spirit of WSB over the years even in it’s massive growth.  We will all look back on this period of our lives with a smile - even those like me with just a little bit of money - and we have the mods to thank.     THIS IS NOT INVESTMENT ADVICE. I JUST LIKE THE STOCKS.     Edit: Mods =
Explanation for noobs who don't quite understand what's going on...
Mods: does DD tag apply? If not change it.  I wrote this in response to someone elsewhere who asked simply:  > So they're betting against the company? Like, they have no faith in them? Investing like this makes one feel horrible.  Yeah. There are three ways you can short.      1) You buy an option with a predetermined end date with the RIGHT to sell a stock at a certain price (depending on how much you want to pay determines the price.) If a stock is $10 and you expect it to drop to $5 in 6 months, you might buy a $9, 10 month expiry "put" (right to sell at price) option. This might cost you 50c per share.   IF you're even slightly right, ie it drops to any price lower than $  before expiry you made 1c per share. You can also change your mind and sell the option (either more (profit) or less (loss) than 50c/share).  IF you're properly right, and it does drop to exactly $5 you make $  per share. If it rises, or drops to any number above $ , you lose the price of the option (50c/share).      2) You're a big player. You call your buddies at Pension Fund X42 and say "Hey can I borrow those shares you have for x% interest and return them to you later?" A set timeframe may be set. I don't know for sure, but probably. Anyhow, Pension Fund X42 says "ok" because they aren't looking to sell them, so might as well make some interest on lending them.   So you borrow them, and immediately sell them. You pay your daily interest to the pension fund, and you wait. When the price drops, and you decide that you've made enough, you buy them back and return them. You keep the difference in prices whatever that may be, minus the interest.  If you're wrong... You're still obliged to return the shares to Pension Fund X42. So at some point you have to decide to eat a loss and buy the shares back.      3) You're a big player and you are ok with a bit of lawbreaking, you Naked Short Sell. This is great because it's cheaper! No interest payments!   Here, you simply sell shares you don't have, and buy the imaginary shares you just created back later so that the number of shares on issue doesn't get too far out of whack and you don't get investigated. Any gap between your sell price and buy price is profit or loss depending on which way it goes.      What's happened right now is mostly a combination of 2 and 3. I'm sure there is a bit of 1, but 1 only causes predictable losses (Like the cost of playing a hand at a casino. You only lose the amount you bet if the cards don't go your way.)  So the risk with 2 and 3 is that because you're   obliged   to buy back the shares at some point, if they go up, when you have to quit, you have to pay the current market price and your actions can make the price go up even more.   Now you're in a short squeeze. You are obliged to buy but the price keeps going up every time you do. It's entirely possible that others see the price going up and buy, so you're now competing to buy a limited number of shares with everyone else. So the price goes higher. Your losses are potentially infinite.        What's slightly different   between this particular short squeeze and all the others is:     1) The dumb fucks naked short sold AT LEAST 40% more shares than ever existed. They're obliged to buy back more shares than is possible. The only way out of that self-made trap is a complicated mess of desperately buying, returning, rebuying from the people you borrowed them from, and returning them with losses at every step. Imagine if I sold you 10 cars, but only delivered 6. You're standing there with your wtf face and I say "Hey! how much would you sell those 4 cars for?" You can name your price at this point. I pay it. Then I "finish" my "10 car delivery."     2) Retail traders are acting as one single semi-coordinated hive, loosely behaving similarly to what would in prior short squeezes, be a competitor hedge fund. They own a lot of the shares the hedge funds (HFs) NEED to buy - but they're not selling. They're actively cheering for the HFs bankruptcy while watching the price of the stock they hold skyrocket. Only other HF billionaires are allowed to do that and get away with it.   .  2a) HFs can be negotiated with. If you're really, really getting bent over and fucked, and you grovel enough, you can usually cut a deal where they stop trying to fuck you. If they won't talk to you, they'll often talk to your bank/broker/some other bigger player that can convince them that your bankruptcy will also cause significant losses or bankruptcy of another party they're not trying to fuck and they might like to have as friends one day. "You quit this, and we'll owe you one." It's always good to have favours to call.  .  2b) The self proclaimed retards on WSB can't be negotiated with. They don't need favours. They don't care if you go bankrupt or there's collateral damage. They don't give a fuck about any of them. For the most part they only hold a few hundred shares each max - and also for the most part, they're playing with their own money that they can actually afford to lose even if it hurts for a year or two.   How do you negotiate with, or swat a million wasps stinging you? You can't.          Edit.    Thanks for all the awards guys! I'll soon have enough to make a Tiara and become your Яetard Prince for the day! I was actually expecting posts telling my how wrong I am. I only think I know what the fuck is going on most of the time and usually figure out later that it wasn't.  I'd like to thank the academy, and my parents who never believed in me, and Scruffy, my first dog, who, like WSB, played chicken with truck, and, and, and...  Also.   I figure since this is so popular, I might as well nominate my suggestion for the inevitable u/deepfuckingvalue movie. It's fairly likely to be seen as a sequel to the Wolf of Wall St, so.... "The Fox/Foxes of Main Street" ? Yeah, nah?   Edit 2   NOTE       To all the people trying to PM me for advice: I have no fucking idea what WILL happen next. I just think I cobbled together enough of what HAS happened to explain it somewhat.     Ie: I'm more like a journalist. Would you ask a journalist for stock advice? (please don't answer yes...)
THANK YOU MOD TEAM YOU GLORIOUS RETARDS
I've seen this sub call you guys everything from gays to homos, and I'm too retarded to know the difference. Y'all have created and fought to preserve an amazing community on reddit despite a complete lack of proper tools to help you do so.   It's clear our sub is getting infiltrated by boomers and bastards like fucking White Walkers. Y'ALL NEED TO KNOW WE APPRECIATE YOU FOR TRYING TO KEEP SHIT FUNCTIONAL!  FUCK wallstreet money! FUCK Melvin Capital! FUCK these   !!  I bet the markets tanked today as people tried to sell other assets and cover their GME asses, as we spank them with their shorts around their ankles. Fuck em!  I don't have shit to my name, but I have 17 GameStop shares I've held since $77.  WE'RE NOT BARBARIANS AT THE GATES OF WALLSTREET, WE'RE THE WARRIORS CLEANING OUT A CASTLE FULL OF ORCS!  Keep it up mods, we're not fucking leaving  Edit: Positions
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, January 28,2021
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, January 28, 2021  Mods we need a discussion thread REEEEEE  Your daily trading discussion thread. Please keep the shitposting to a minimum.                                                        DD         Discussion         YOLO         Gain         Loss             Read the   and make sure other people follow them.    Try  , also accessible through the top bar.
None of these individuals are part of Wallstreet Bets. Nobody speaks for WSB.
WHY GME COULD GO ON TO BREAK ALL RECORDS
1. Everyday they try to cover their shorts and no one sells stock, the stock price would literally double. 2. Everyday they can't cover means they're BLEEDING money due to expensive interest rates they paid to borrow stock. 3. They're getting some help which only means we get more tendies. ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS NOT SELL, BLEEDING THEM ALL OUT. 4. They have their tactics and dirty tricks to trap investors but as long as you know why that's happening you'll be fine. Also know the next day they will try to cover again leading to a further rise in stock price. After hours is what they can control so seeing a 10-20% decline after hours don't mean shit. 5. Literally HOLDING THE LINE and delaying gratification would pay off BIGLY. AND I MEAN BIG MASSIVE GREEN TENDIES.  I BELIEVE THE COMBINATION OF AUTISM AND RETARDATION WILL PREVAIL AND WE WILL CELEBRATE IN VALHALLA!
A thank you and goodbye in case I don't get another chance
With what's happening right now I'm just worried like everyone else about an incoming ban. Fuck Melvin and fuck reddit for giving in to institutional pressure  I've been a member of this sub since 2016, originally on my old account u/MutantSushi and have loved every second. Its been amazing seeing the off-and-on Cramer name drops of this sub throughout the years and am genuinely shocked and proud that this community of retards has reached international news   I'm proud of each and every one of you that has made life changing money in these last few days. It's an amazing thing to see people paying off student and medical debt and I'm just really happy to have been a part of it  Just wanted to get my last word in in case a ban is incoming  Love you all
What happened to the discord?
Discord removed the server completely, what actually happened? Is discord lying or are they telling the truth (link to their statement)
THEY HATE US COZ THEY AIN'T US
Listen up retards.  Time immemorial, the rich and people in power will always want to fuck us normal people over. When someone breaks the norms and rules of those in power they bury us. Remember the flash crash?    There's very few times in life an opportunity presents itself to grasp the moment. A moment which will change the entire course of your life. We've already transformed lines here. The success stories of comrades is heart touching.  But RIGHT NOW you need to be STRONG. APES TOGETHER STRONG.  HOLD THE FUCKING LINE. DO NOT SELL.  LET's GO TO THE MOON
Hold your positions, also AMC is not bot propaganda
The fact that we were attacked this hard means we’re on to something. Don’t sell. Don’t panic. Don’t listen to     retards telling you to sell.  Also there seems to be a consensus that AMC is bots. It’s not. They have the least amount of shares (out of the big ones were talking about here) and the second highest short interest. It’s common sense.            Position ; 100 shares of amc @19, 33 shares of GME at 38$.
LETS HELP THE MODS WITH THE MEGAPHONE
Like u/zjz said, this sub needs a fucking megaphone right now. I was just looking at Dave Portnoy (Barstoolsports)    WE NEED EVEY RETARD AND THEIR WIFES BOYFRIEND TO @     IF WE LIKE THIS SUB THIS MUCH WE CAN FUCKING DO THIS  EDIT:     I LIKE THE STOCK
Anybody else notice a lot of AMC shilling? Big Boys manipulating sentiment?
Not dogging on the AMC play at all but what’s the deal with everyone pumping “all in AMC” “AMC the next GameStop” “AMC AMC AMC!” all of a sudden?  Bots? Or some kind of orchestrated effort to divert attention away from GME as a last ditch effort?   Seems to me that is the only weapon they possibly have left is to convince people to take their profit and move on to the next play so they get fucked a little less.  Hoping everyone else is catching on to this as well, good luck tomorrow retards      Edit: forgot positions   50 shares at 49   2 1/29 320c
WE LIKE THE STONK, NOTHING WILL STOP US
GME stocks: If most people cannot trade after hours, then who are selling big time causing the $100 dip? (which went back to $300+ lmao). I THINK IT'S A FARCE
Most people cannot trade == most people are HOLDING!  I think these dips are all a farce to scare people off tomorrow. Big companies must've been the one selling/shorting to make it look like price is dropping.  This is not financial advice.  Edit: People using robinhood can only trade until 6 EST, stock dipped at 7++
Bloomberg Data Request Thread
There is a LOT of bad data flying around and investors need good data to make responsible decisions, if you are looking for information which professionals would find on a service like Bloomberg or Eikon please post requests below or DM me. In addition, if you are willing to help answer questions and source data please DM me or help answer questions below.       Disclaimer: This post is titled "Bloomberg Data Request Thread" because professionals would look to Bloomberg first for this sort of information. I am not associated with or claiming to represent Bloomberg or any of its agents. Do not assume that the information provided here comes from Bloomberg, in fact please assume it does not regardless of what is said below. In addition, anything posted here is for informational purposes only and you should not assume anything is true or accurate or rely on it for investment decisions, you should only rely on reputable primary sources for data. You are solely responsible for what you do with information you obtain on this thread and bear all risk associated with those decisions.       edit: Please be specific re: what you are looking for. There are hundreds of fields (data points) for each ticker and if you only post the ticker I'm assuming you are only looking for short interest.  edit2: Appreciate the awards but please don't spend money doing that, would much rather you put money into more shares. How do I do a rocket emoji from my computer?  edit3: Would appreciate feedback on   \- do they and the title make sense to you? Want to bring in graphical content as well but want to make sure it's accessible.  edit4: I tried making other posts with actual points but think mods are rate limiting, understandable given the surge in activity but just heads up.
Let us turn NOK and AMC into the next GME as a final 'attack' on wall street.
Well, do it!  YOU ONLY LIVE ONCE!  EDIT: I want to say that I love GME and it will continue to go up, don't consider this an attack on GME, please.  Another edit: DON'T COMMENT ANYMORE, WERE AT 69!
Can we all take a moment and appreciate the Mods who have grinded through this and held our community together. Thank you.
This is personal now
We need their scare tactics to have the total OPPOSITE effect. We must use this opportunity to show we will NOT be intimidated. This isnt just about GME, but about all our trades in the future. This is serious.   I know we are all obsessed with making money, but there’s more to this now. For far too long the elites of the world have written the rulebook for us while abiding by a completely different set of rules for themselves. It’s a tale literally as old as time, but we can pull off something special here. If we wilt now, everything we have worked for and put up with to this point is for naught.   Even worse than that, it means that we let their scare tactics win.   If you werent already all in on GME you need to be now. We need you. We can do this, but only together.
@WSBChairman IS NOT AN OFFICIAL ACCOUNT
For some reason, hundreds of thousands of people seem to think it speaks for this subreddit.
Thank You, Mods
Mods  This job has not been easy, we know. We appreciate the hard work you have put into this community (FOR FREE BTW), and cannot be more grateful for making this place as fun as it can be.  You are truly gods among us.  Edit: $GME TO THE MOON
This sub might be down, silence or banned, but the idea stays in all of us. Don't lose it.
We are battling against a fund that tried to bankrupt a company for own personal gains. Not caring of the workers or the owners.  We might get silenced or banned and with no place to go, but keep in your hearts that we are holding until they have to pay for their deeds.  We are in this together even if we can't communicate with each other, the idea has spread, it's your duty to make it permanent.
Why AMC, Blackberry, Nok went down during after hours
Hedge fund managers, Short sellers, and Market Makers are using their extended hour trading to scare retail traders (You) off. Most retail traders (You) lack the ability to trade before and after the market opens/closes. This is why it is currently down. Once retail traders (You) are able to get back in at market open tomorrow, this will again go up. This is an attempt to scare ppl away from the stock. It will happen every single evening for the next several days so be prepared for this. If it is to stressful for you, please put away your phone/computer and check again     DON'T LET THESE HEDGE FUND MANAGERS AND WALL STREET ELITISTS TRICK YOU INTO PANIC SELLING. HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD        Edit: like u/elaguila083 said, stop spending awards please :) spend the money on the cause :DD
Thank you, Dr. Burry
I was becoming hesitant about holding past $500 but after the dirty play they pulled today, I'M HOLDING TILL $10,000!!!
Wall Street and the media are showing their real face today and this week. They dont care about anything other than their money. Y'all knows the deets so I'll fuck off but BUY AND HOLD TILL THESE MFERS ARE BACK TO THEIR MOM'S BASEMENT!
Close your WSB insta, your Twitter , your chat channels. Close all that shit
If you want WSB to live on, please do not have their name in the handle of your private or public accounts. This is why we are getting heat and in trouble.   This is a PSA - close all unofficial WSB social media accounts or change the name of your account to not mention wallstreetbets or the acronym in your account name.   Rename or close. If you want to see WSB live on than do this for all of us. For your self.   Please Upvote this so everyone sees
A watershed moment in Financial Mathematics: What CNBC and the Hedge Funds don't want you to know
When a party shorts a stock, it creates a liability to repurchase the stock at whatever the price is (unbounded). This liability is secured by the assets in the party's margin account. When the liability exceeds the amount of assets in the margin account, they face a margin call. Provide additional money or securities to cover the gap or we will liquidate your position and bill you for the remainder.  The monumental discovery which is in process is as follows: When over 100% of shares are short, the long position is effectively backed by the shorts, and becomes an infinite loop. If the market cap of a stock is $50Bn, there are $50Bn in margin assets backing this price. Thus stock is in a perpetual state of fair value as long as the over 100% condition holds and the shorts have the assets, regardless of price.  So now the hedge funds find themselves in a Chinese finger trap. To push their fingers together means to liquidate their positions and take enormous losses. To pull their fingers is to continue to provide margin as the price increase until they reach bankruptcy and lose everything. In their hubris, they were trying to pull.  As these funds and brokers employ tons of smart phds to understand this math, they have undoubtedly realized this, and hence they want to cut the trap. They have restricted retail trading to prevent this limitless outflow, they are trying to bully the regulators into backstopping their position, they may halt trading.  What is the maximum fair market cap of GME? It is as much capital as these hedge funds want to throw away, lambs to the slaughter, before they throw in the towel, and its first come first serve. What is the AUM of the remaining short funds, 50Bn? 100Bn? 200Bn? more?  As we have seen time and time again, the behavior of market participants is not rationale and is difficult to predict. People are ignorant of this mathematical fact, crying about the fundamental value of the retailer on CNBC. But big money is smart, they will figure out exactly how big the pot is, and they will snap it up. Even a country could do it.  Disclaimer: I am not a financial professional, nor is this financial advice, I'm just pointing out that there is a fundamental misunderstanding of this financial math. Make your own choices and invest responsibly (only what you can afford to lose). Lord knows they are doing anything they can legal or not to shut this down.  TLDR: The Math of over 100% short interest allows for 100% arbitrage losses from the short funds. This creates the possibility for the greatest transfer of wealth of all time.
If we get shut down like this again. Just remember HOLD. One job guys... One job...!
Where do we go from here and who is going to step up to help us?
We have grown to the kind of size we only dreamed of in the time it takes to get a bad nights sleep. We've got so many comments and submissions that we can't possibly even read them all, let alone act on them as moderators. We wrote software to do most of the moderation for us but that software isn't allowed to read the Reddit new feed fast enough and submit responses, and the admins haven't given us special access despite asking for it.  We're suffering from success and our Discord was the first casualty. You know as well as I do that if you gather 250k people in one spot someone is going to say something that makes you look bad. That room was golden and the people that run it are awesome. We blocked all bad words with a bot, which should be enough, but apparently if someone can say a bad word with weird unicode icelandic characters and someone can screenshot it you don't get to hang out with your friends anymore. Discord did us dirty and   I am not impressed with them destroying our community   instead of stepping in with the wrench we may have needed to fix things, especially after we got over 1,000 server boosts. That is pretty unethical.  To add to this, people are co-opting our name on twitter. I won't mention their accounts, but lots of handles with "wsb" and "wallstreetbets" in them are pretending to speak for us. They're saying things that we don't agree with, driving traffic to derivative communities and shitty pixelated merch stores, and generally making it harder for us to define who we are. There's also too much political bullshit in a community that was never  ever  political. The only way I want to occupy Wall St is in a suit myself or rent-free in the mind of a blown up short.  That is why I'm throwing my support behind the Twitter handle in general. We need a way to PUBLICLY reach out to the staff of the infrastructure that is failing us so the world can see that we aren't doing anything wrong here if they don't respond. We need to be able to respond directly to a reporter that is lying to the world about our clubhouse. We can't be expected to meet any expectations when we aren't given the tools we need.  That's not to say I approve of every message or will even be in the loop for all of them, but it's clear to me we can't do nothing and we need a megaphone.        aka   @wsbmod   is the only Twitter handle whose statements are directly from some part of the team.  We'll do our best not to pretend to speak for you, but to try to speak with the volume our name now seems to command to get shit done for us.
Reddit group WallStreetBets behind massive GameStop, AMC run-ups goes private, invitation required
$10k -> $425k. It’s been a wild week so far. My emotions have been all over the place. It’s great that we’re all on this ride together.
Where is the man, the myth, the legend?
„I don’t think that’s illegal,” Andrew Calamari, former director of the New York office of the
If my CRSR Calls hit $80k+ I will get a Tattoo of the WSB Logo sailing on the Corsair logo on my ass
Yo we gotta watch out they are threatening to halt trading entirely due to 'social media manipulation'!!!!
I foresee this as being their last hope if the price does not fall by Friday.  This Nasdaq snake-lady says they will halt trading on a stock if "if they link chatter [via social media] to unusual activity in a particular stock."   What a bunch of bullshit.      They will simply turn off the switch that enables us to trade.  I don't know what recourse we would have if they do that.  I suppose it would only be delaying the inevitable, as we can't sell if we can't trade.  But we also can't buy.
Bloomberg: Trading was halted on Tootsie Roll shares after they soared 53% into record territory as retail traders pour into heavily-shorted stocks
Move to Signal!
The Moon, You Say?
Control the narrative - GME
So, media have been blaming us retards for what's going on with GME and calling us out for market manipulation. But the big question is: how is GME shorted more than 100% of shares outstanding in the first place?  The answer to this is   which has been illegal since 2008. The hedge funds such as Melvin Capital among others have been engaging in illegal activities and should be the ones who are prosecuted by the SEC.  Spread the word and control the narrative. We are not the root problem to this clusterfuck and it is time for the boomers at Wall Street to pay the fuck up for their illegal activities because we retards like the stock.  Also: Pun intended  Edit: Obligatory
Apple why is it tanking? It exceeded expectations on earnings? AMC TO THE MOON
NOK - To the Moon
Back to basics - GME is a   EV/Sales 12month forward sales at current prices
Posted this (the last part) in a reply to a comment but think it deserves a post.   New shorts are pilling in, the “news” are building a narrative that a bunch of millennials - as if we don’t have several prominent boomers among us - are “targeting” Hedge Funds in “chat rooms” (mIRC much?) to create an irrational bubble and that this is a perfectly orchestrated multi-billion dollar operation!  Wanna talk about irrational? Irrational is to value GameStop at $4, with ~$2 in cash per share, a few months before a new console cycle is launched. Irrational is to keep naked short selling well above its available free float (morning start shows the most accurate free float imo) a company that has completed a major share buyback, turning inventory into cash, paying back their 6% LT debt early and attracting a major activist (sup RC? You’ve been quiet lately).   How come there were no “news” about this? Is everyone sleeping? How come Bank of America has had a price target of $2 for GameStop (sorry, BofA increase their PT to $10 today) for months? And by the way, what has FUNDAMENTALLY changed for BofA to increase 5 fold their valuation of GameStop? What a bunch or crooks.  You wanna know what’s not irrational?  - GME has $7b in sales in the end of a console cycle and amidst lockdowns.   - Out of those sales +1b is e-commerce that is growing 300% YoY  -+ 50m power up members (amazon prime has 150m members)  - an established and functioning sales and distribution network worldwide  - a healthy balance sheet.   All that while operating in an industry with a crazy TAM, with growth rates above 30% and with THE MOST DESIRABLE demographic.    And seriously, a 3x EV/sales is a bubble for this? The e-commerce part of it alone should trade at this valuation. And let’s not forget that the only reason GME has not sold more in Q3 is because there is a shortage of product! Demand is not gonna evaporate. So discount that valuation to this year sales and you have a <  time Sales/EV valuation.   So ask yourself one question:  Would you pay an +80% interest to remain short in this thesis?  Edit: grammar
Spend sometime in the WSB Discord
Who TF is @redditinvestors
Just bought $37000 worth of GME! Average Cost $309. And I'm not selling EVER! Fuck you wall street!
Louis Rossmann on financial media starting to equivalate WSB members to hackers. (Long Rant)
Resubmission - Maybe my previous title was a little harsh but institutional money is trying to drive a wedge between us and we really need to stick together if we're going to come out the other side of this...
Guys,  they are trying to divide and conquer us. We need to stay focused and not spread our buying power too thin or we will all lose. Now is not the time to be greedy.  You buy stocks you think have value. Right now the price of $GME reflects the value we all see in squeezing out the short-sellers.  We need to keep our cool and not panic sell on the dips. I beg everyone to show a bit more solidarity and stop spamming with "the next GameStop".  There is no "next GameStop" this is it. This is our one shot. We need to  make it count ✊    🌛
$5000 is not a meme, don't get tempted to sell early when you can be patient and retire early. Diamond hands prevail
Questions from a Noob on recent events
1. I heard all this crazy stuff with GME and im blown away  2. I only have like 1,500, can I and should I jump in?  3. Is it true that AMC and BB are next?  4. How did you guys jack up the GME price?
Down on amc by a lot
Down heavy on amc, 49k shares   please help me
Hedge Fund Manipulation (BlackBerry)
Hedge Fund Manipulation (BlackBerry)   Jim Cramer explains how most hedge funds can easily and do manipulate a stock (his words not mine).... In the clip he mentions the company RIM (Research in Motion) which is now called BlackBerry  I also compare it todays BlackBerry stock where on January 26, 2021, there seemed to be the same type of play at work that Jim Cramer outlined in the video (this is just my opinion).  Here is the video:     I own BlackBerry shares   $BB to the moon
SEC LOSERS WATCH THIS
ELON MUSK SPEAKS FOR US BOYS
Now I feel sad for not buying
I saw a post like a month ago talking about buying GameStop, and I thought it was interesting, but "they will never make a difference". Now I'm seeing all the people saying that they will pay debt, help family members, or just make history, and I can only sit back and watch.   Damn this is a show   Edit: it's never to late. Quite expensive tho
Alexis Ohanian to be on CNBC Squawk Box tomorrow (01/28/2021) at 6:30 AM eastern. I hope you WSB mods prepared your butts, you are probably gonna get a good ol’ fashion probing’ here soon.
I mean my title says everything needed to be said. I tried to find a picture or maybe think up some creative rambling to accompany the OP title but this is all I could come up with, just saw it on CNBC.  Oh - NOK apparently sold over 1,000,000 call options today and beat out every other equity- including GME, lol.
Gamma Squeeze Imminent sorrento therapeutics
This is my DD of SRNE, just yesterday news came out of positive preliminaru results of its phase 1b of COVI-MSC in treating covid 19. They also provide covid tests. With the amount of people infected in the world we need more tests and to treat covid 19 as the vaccine rollout. The current short volume is 68 million shares compared to the outstanding shares of 122 million shares. They have 4 days to cover. This was just stated yesterday and today it ran up 50%. I believe in a good Market tomorrow it is possible for SRNE to pop massively like AMC when they stated about their bankruptcy and solving almost all of it just to survive 2021. I am not a financial advisor but it is what i believe will be the next short squeeze and its market cap is only 5 billion which is low enough to be worth 10-20 billion market cap at the very least
With well over a billion trades on $AMC would have expected to find a thread here. What am I missing? YOLO!
What am I missing people? $AMC has seen over billion trades, I’m in late, but doesn’t appear to have the same momentum here as $GME which seems to be more of a waiting game now rather than a lot of new trades happening. I’m green though and may not be looking in the right Reddit.
Alright u crazy bastards I'm in. I've never bought stock and am poor but it's something. TO THE MOON
Potential gamma squeeze on AMC Friday?
All the current options are deep ITM. Will this have the same affect as GME options all ITM last Friday? I’m about the cash advance all my credit cards at this fucking rocketship if so.   Also holding GME
Is this our time?
DELUGE of SPAM posts of stocks like Nokia and AMC, brokers "coincidentally" restricting GME trades, not suspicious at all???
I might not be able to read letters, but numbers are easy.     Nokia and AMC are doing well! Congrats to the retards who got in early, but I would be wary. I'm not hating on the gains, but doesn't anyone find it odd how these two stocks traded over a BILLION in volume today? Sure, AMC's 900m debt relief might be a plus but I'll suck off my wife's step-boyfriend if that's the reason it shot up 300%+ today.     And what's up with NOK?? They might have decent long term prospects, but there's literally no good reason for all this volume today. By \ pure\  chance, a good number of the bigger stock brokers all had some "issues" when it came to trading GME. \ , but how could this be the case when GME only traded 90m volume today, not even a tenth of AMC?     All of this happening while we have bots FLOODING this sub with low effort garbage about buying these stocks? What are they hoping to achieve? Are they trying to \  Are they trying to deceive new subs to buy these stocks? Are they doing their own pump and dump to offset some of their losses? I don't know.     \ What I do know\  is that I'm ALL IN on GME, and I don't plan to sell before next week. CNBC can try as hard as they want to spread misinformation, I can't hear them anyway from inside my  . Every day we hold is another day the short interest burns. They're not getting shares from these   .     Stay strong fellow autists. This is not financial advice. See y'all on the moon.
Good job guys
Missed the train and couldn’t invest at this point even if I wanted to so just wanna say how amazing it is to watch suits get seriously fucked for once.
Remember to spend some of your loot at gamestop!
When you do cash out remember to spend a bit of that money at gamestop. That way we can drive the price even higher. An amazing earnings report could put the nails in those fuckers coffines.   Plus you get some new games out of the deal.  Dear Gamestop, you should offer a huge discount to customers who show they own stock. Like 1% off per share limit %30. That way you can generate sales while boosting stock prices.......
Pending transfer RH question
Will upgrading to RH Gold make my current pending transfer go instant? GME plus up waits for me
Is it too late to buy Gamestop shares?
I’ve been really busy this week and haven’t been catching up with news and memes lately. However this caught my eye. Is it too late to buy same Gamestop shares and fuck over some wallstreet guys
Back Story: Uni gave me 14 days to withdraw Dec 2020, Due to inability to pay fees(no student loan),“proof attchd”. I pleaded for payments in monthly instalments. Well, You fucking degenerates just saved a man from being deported. Off to pay it, taxes, nd a nice meal. FUCK YOU all and congrats.
So this is the TOP POST of ALL TIME ! 💫
Gain porn/ GME  NOK  BB
Did I just get fucked investing into NAKD
Did I fall for a pump and dump is my money gonna be gone by tomorrow
Can we become a force for good with our power?
Hey Gang,  Long time user that recently got back in the game. I was wondering, would this attention and popularity not be a great opportunity to kick start some good in this world? GME is a great company but can we not support GME whilst also investing in a company that makes cheap insulin, or cost effective electric batteries, or advanced PVs etc.  I’m not going to suggest a ticker up here, I wouldn’t give the SEC and MMS the satisfaction. But I would love to here some suggestions for world helping companies we could invest in as a team below in the comments.  We already reset the status quo in terms of who decides if a company succeeds in the market, could we now reset who is seen as valuable?  Going to bed now, I look forward to reading suggestions in the morning over coffee.  Godspeed tards o7
More GME reinforcements on the way
I'm from Argentina. I read the Game Stop story, and I must say, YOU GUYS ARE AWESOME.
How do i invest in GameStop? I don't know anything about stock markets.
Hmmmmmm turns out BlackRock is making use of our weaponized autism ✈️✈️✈️
Buy games at GameStop, donate to charity (not GoodWill)
Value goes up, kids play video games
HOW CAN I BUY STOCK????!!!
I'm from canada and want to know the best trading platform to use to buy gamestonks
Discord still down
i can't see how to talk to to any anti bot measure.    can any admin contact me for a free anti bot link meassure?  advise and guiding totally free.   please delete this.
What are you doing to AMC?
Hey retards what the hell is going on with AMC after hours. Are you trying to give me premature heart failure. I put my entire rent cheque in there.
Highest SI % of Float End of Business Jan 27th According to S3 Partners
Will Update Daily At Market Close  Top 5 securities with SI % of Float end of business Jan 27th:  1.) GME -    2.) SPDR S&P RETAIL ETF -    3.) SPRD S&P BIOTECH ETF -    4.) SPDR OIL GAS EXP PROD ETF -    5.) BED BATH & BEYOND -
I got in late on GME but I believe in the cause and am willing to lose it all.
You guys are amazing. Thank you for sending GME to the moon! I know I'm going to lose most of my money here because I'll hold the line until the end. Let's send a clear message to wall street with GME, BB, AMC, and any others. I've never day traded before but I'm in it now.
You all have made Melvin live up to its name
An autists journey. $150 to $68k in one month. Storytime below.
TIME TO BUY DADDY MUSK A NEW ROCKET   FUCK ROBINHOOD
💫 RALLY TESLA💫 💫 RALLY TESLA💫 💫 RALLY TESLA💫 💫 RALLY TESLA💫 💫 RALLY TESLA💫
begging is cringe
stop doing it.  ex. buy bb please i want my dad to get a liver transplant
Robinhood
Why when I click on NOK, it says at the bottom “This stock is not supported on robinhood.” ?
Fuck Robinhood! Palantir it is!
Buying dips boys ??
$GME HOLD THE LINE. DON'T BE A FUCKING MELVIN
Hold your GME, buy more GME. Robinhood and all those shit apps are trying to prevent us from buying. I'm even downloading the shit app known as webull to buy more. Hold the LINE.     ONLY MELVINS SELL. DIAMONDHANDS FOREVER.     DISCLOSURE: I HOLD $GME and other meme stocks.
Cant purchase any more $GME shares
I say we joint sue and take this shit to the Supreme Court!! In the meantime Take back the currency... pound dogecoin to the fucking moon!!
Go give RH a 1 star rating on the App Store
They have removed the ability to purchase GME , hit there pockets with that 1 star
Soundtrack to the Moon
If today is anything like yesterday, I think we could all use some good money/ stock related music. Please reply with your some songs you think will keep us on the F\ CKING HOLD! Good luck to everyone today - we are living in a history defining moment right now, don't forget that.  I'll start with these:  Gang Starr - 'Tha Squeeze' -    Drake - 'Started From The Bottom' -
SPCE Next up!!
TO THE MOON WITH       \ \ \ \ SPCE\ \ \ \      Robinhood blocks us from trading our main picks. It's ok, we have more options!
EVERYONE TAKE YOUR GAINS AND LET THE PEICE DIP. BUT BACK IN AT A LOWER PRICE AND WE WILL THEN TAKE THIS TO NEW LEVELS AND HIGHS WORH OUR PROFITS. We must do this together!!!!
Apple app store rejecting reviews for Robinhood, they're in on it.
No one's reviews are going through.
One order pending for GameStop. Let’s go!
Next one guys ?
DONT FREAK OUT, HOLD HOLD
THEY WANT YOU TO SELL, THIS IS AN OBVIOUS SCHEME. THEY DONT WANT THE 99% TO MAKE MONEY. THEY PULLING EVERYTHING TO TRY TO STOP US. SHORT SQUEUZE HAPPENING TMRW JUST HOLD.
ROBINHOOD CHANGES NOTHING!!!
FUCK ROBINHOOD! This changes nothing. These fuckers Melvin still have their dick in their ass. They’re trying to scare us. These are all scare tactics. The squeeze has still not squeezed.  HOLD THE FUCKING LINE!!! If we all sell, this is the highest we’ll see. HOLD THE FUCKING LINE AND FUCK THESE  🤲  THEY SAID $500 WAS A MEME. IT WAS FUCKING NOT, WERE ALREADY THERE!!  $1,000 IS NOT A MEME, $1,500 IS NOT A MEME!!! Fuck these bitches. Hold the line and we’ll see numbers we never thought possible  RIDE THIS SHORT BUS TO THE MOON
Be careful saying anything to Robinhood
See their disclosure as screencaped above. They can liquidate any of our securities if there is any foul language or general attacks on them or their employees at will. Stay safe.
As you guys are all aware of what Robinhood are doing we need to touch them where it hurts, so please everyone go to the App Store and give them a 1 start review you don’t understand how much this helps.
Listen to me, the Sell Button is just another Buy Button now.
Robinhood won't let us buy more stocks
HOLD  ✊  Move to webull, firstrade, moomoo, gatsby for free option trades as well!  Tldr sto nok 2/5 5p
Open Letter to GameStop
Since RH removed $amc, $bb, & $gme where should i go to trade???
And yet some of y’all really be getting on barstool explain this to me. Dave is on the hype train about what is happening with Robinhood. Hold the line retards  🤟💯
You can close out your position in this stock, but you cannot purchase additional shares.
When I try to buy $GME this morning I get this message on robinhood. Anyway around this?  You can close out your position in this stock, but you cannot purchase additional shares.
BEST BROKERS IN EUROPE?
GUY I URGENTLY WANT A GOOD BROKER IN EUROPE WITH LOW LEVERAGE AND GOOD RATES !!!!
$NAKD banned from robinhood as well. Can’t buy more shares there
🤦🏻‍♂️
Checkout HJLI boyz - low float and being held down by MM’s ! If they wanna block us we can move the goalposts!!!
DONT SELL
Gotta remember where you're from to know where you're going
What should I invest in now?
Recently been searching the internet on what to company to put my money   market is closed for GameStop and I’m not sure whether it’ll increase or drop as everyone is seeing this in the news   Recently saw an article about a   for American Airlines so is this the next wave ?
No matter what, DO NOT FUCKING SELL. DO NOT LISTEN TO OTHER POSTS DISTRACTING YOU FROM GME. DO NOT FUCK MY WIFE
BUY BUY BUY FUCKERS
$Property Solutions Acquisition( $  🌛
faraday future , Spac
What do we do now? IM NOT FUCKN SELLN MFS
Guys check out Nook BDR in Brazil! EWZ is with a huge discount in comparison with US Stocks
FLOOD THE APP WITH 1 STAR REVIEWS. IF YOU’RE GONNA BE CALLED ROBINHOOD YOU CAN’T GUARD THE CASTLE GATES WHEN THE PPL ARE ABOUT TO COME IN
LOOK AT ALL THESE FUCKING BOTS TYRING TO MAKE THE AUTISTS   FUCKING HOLDING BABY GME TO FUCKING JUPITER         THE RETARD RACE WILL RISE HIGHER THEN EVER   YOURE FUCKING GROUND. WE LIKE THE STOCK    WE LIKE THE STOCK    WE LIKE THE FUCKING STOCK
this is not financial advice, I have had a raging boner for 3 days and all blood has dispersed from my brain to my cock. I am delirious. I love you mods but don't remove, cheers retards.
Robinhood
Just heard on CNBC that Robinhood might stop investors from buying GME and AMC ?? Since when do companies say what stocks we can and cannot buy??? This is BS! The Billionaires can short anything they want!!! ??
RH BAN OUR TENDIES, WE BASH RH FEEDBACK
THE PUBLIC DESERVES TO KNOW!
Out Of The Loop: Can you guys explain to me and to others(who have no idea what's happening) what is going on?
pls don't delete this mods, every subreddit auto deletes everything related to this and the media is not reliable at all.
American Airlines AAL still on Revolut in pre market skyrocketing!!!!! 👊🏻
Fuck Robinhood, Use Fidelity if you want to buy today
I CANT FUCKING BUY MORE GME IM SO ANGRY KEEP HOLDING BOIS
STOCKS NOT SUPPORTED BY ROBINHOOD
I'm starting to see some alerts this morning on some specific stock that I hadn't seen before. "THIS STOCK NOT SUPPORTED BY ROBINHOOD".

TDOC is the next
TDOC is worth to buy
the rumblings of an ancient god....

New to the group. What stocks should I get in on today?
WOW...
so not only is robin hood fucking you but now this thread is deleting post with suggestions that you buy stock. never expected the moderators to cave like that... even they dont want you making money
Robinhood will not let you buy GME anymore.
We can use other platforms to trade. Webull, cash app, I’m sure there’s others!!!!
Lmk if you guys know other apps that haven’t restricted certain stocks.
Robinhood stealing from the poor to give to Melvin Capital. So... How was your day?
RH won't let me buy GME
Went to grab a couple more shares and they say I can close position but can't buy more
Short Robinhood IPO
Short tf out of them WSB Army
Sndl come on
Hold ur nerve on $GME and $AAL it’s the only way
Guys it’s simple.  If you’re selling YOURE hurting the stock price and a ur fellow stonkers.  If you sell you make less money if you buy you make more. It’s literally supply and demand eco 101. For those of you paperweights without the understanding or balls to do it it’s really simple.
RH TAKES OUR STOCK? WE BUY FROM ANOTHER!!!!! HOLD THE LINE!!! OFF TOO THE MOOOON    (SPWR/PLUG) Next
Fuck robinhood servers, buy $TELL
Robinhood servers are not letting a lot of people search tickers, $TELL is in the movers section so everyone can find it. Who is with me!?
TO ALL THE BROTHERS THINKING OF CLOSING THEIR  ’T!
Hey guys, I just want to start out by saying that I’m one of you guys because I started with a small amount of capital and now that I transferred more money in, I can’t buy more stock in AMC. I tried some of the other stuff, those are locked too. So trust me, I get it. I completely agree with your frustration and I understand where you’re all coming from. It feels like hell to be iced out the way Robinhood has left us. For many starter traders that have messaged me, fear of volatility was a reason that they only put in small amounts, waiting to put the rest in later. Now those people CAN’T DO THAT. So I get what you’re all saying, but I wanted to remind everyone that Robinhood, Webull, CashApp,   were all apps that have always had our backs, making it easy for us little guys to buy stock when ten years ago you had to be a suit with a briefcase and a hustler mentality. Just remember that the real bad guys are not the apps, but the people pulling the strings at the top. And those people are hurting right now. Just wait and see, stay active in the community, and encourage others who CAN buy, to keep up the good work! Anyone disagree?
WHEN THIS IS OVER WE ABANDON ROBINHOOD
We need to find alternate platforms to Robinhood, e-trade, etc.  Not only that, any money we have in major institutions or banks needs to be moved somewhere else.  Lets discuss what those alternatives are.
WAKE ME UP BEFORE YOU GOGO. In the process of refinancing debt, 5G airplane exposure, selling unprofitable operations, reopening vaccine momentum. 45% of shares sold short. Breaking out of its base ✈️
Leaked picture of WSB users transcending into literal gods in their mom’s basements
To the moon
Review bomb Robinhood?
Nice   star rating they have there, wouldn't it be a shame if it happened to go down a bit?
Don’t get me wrong, I’m probably the least expert person here and don’t know lot, but we should probably discuss the next best app now that Robinhood is messed up.
The Europoor boys stand with you!
As a call of aid was heard over the Atlantic bully boys from every corner of the world assembles to join the fight! We stand with you my fellow autists! HOLD MY BULLY BOYS HOLD!
GUYS - YES WE ALL KNOW RH IS MADE UP OF CUCKS!! ENOUGH SPAM - WE NEED SOLUTIONS AND NEW PLATFORMS  👇
What the F is this, ROBINHOOD?? I'm just a simple rocketeer, trying to buy another ticket to the MOON
What’s going on with NAK Seems to be popping in off hours
I’m so excited! Let’s do this!!!!!
The importance of the events from the past few weeks
Is it not yet obvious that we do not live in a free democracy, but rather the illusion of one until we step out of bounds if big industry and the governments invisible rules? With the INSANE recent illegal actions that control the flow of information, product, and money, I don't think it could be any more obvious.   What I really hope people can take from this is both the reality of things, but also the importance and viability of the solution: decentralization of all things. I believe that this is possible, and that those who seek to make this future possible will be greatly rewarded.
ETrade
ETrade still has our stocks.
An Idiot Proof Step by Step Guide for Transferring Funds from RH
I have no real vested interest in Fidelity, but removing GME from trading makes me want to spite Robinhood. I don't care what broker you want to transfer to, but Fidelity is one I have used for penny stocks so that's why I'm transferring to there.  I'm going to include a step by step here and include pictures below for the 90% of you who can't read.     Text Only    Open Robinhood and click on the icon in the bottom right. Go to settings -> Account information and write down your account number for later. Make sure that the piece of paper you've written on is edible so you can destroy the evidence later.   You'll have to open a Fidelity account which will take about 15 minutes and require some of your basic information. Once you're in Fidelity go the "Transact" tab on the bottom right and choose "Transfer". Then select "Transfer assets from another financial institution and click "continue" on the pop-up. Click "Start a transfer" and log in with the log in you created when you created your account. Enter "Robinhood securities llc" into the search bar. Enter in the account number you wrote down earlier and choose "Individual" for the account type assuming you're an individual investor. Or select whatever type applies. Finally click "Yes" and "Next".     With Pictures    Open up your RH account and click the icon in the bottom right.      Processing img 2gle3l6cs2e61...   Go to your account settings        Select "Account information"         Right down your account number. Not shown for obvious reasons.   Now download and start an account in fidelity. This will take maybe 15 minutes and you'll need to have some of your basic information.   Open fidelity and go to "Transact"        Then click on "Transfer"      Processing img 0k5xqtzat2e61...   Once you've selected "Transfer" select "Transfer assets from another financial institution"         Select "Continue" on the pop-up to move into your browser and click on "Start a transfer".        Enter your log-in information into Fidelity and enter "Robinhood Securities LLC" into the search bar. Scroll down and click "next".      Processing img sb750zcut2e61...   Enter in the account number you wrote down earlier and choose "Individual" for the account type assuming you're an individual investor.      Processing img 1hd46x78v2e61...   Select "Yes" and "Next"        Laugh because fuck Robinhood.
GET OUT OF RH, RATE IT 1 STAR ANS KEEP HOLDING
So it seems they blocked us from buying stocks like GME and AMC on Robinhood
WE CAN BUY THESE STOCKS ON CASH APP (and weebul) WE CANT LET THEM WIN
March to Menlo Park, CA, Robinhood HQ
They just committed a violation of free speech. On behalf of everyone, fuck Robinhood. New Yorkers go to the stock exchange, hold their asses accountable. Call your senators, representatives and demand legal recourse for this.
#EndRobbinhood
BLOOMBERG's FERRO GETS US : ONE OF US :
Robinhood won't let me buy, only sell... Why!!! 😭
Not allowed to purchase NOK
I’ve have Robinhood for years, when I tried to purchase shares of NOK I’m getting a message “this stock is not supported on Robinhood”  - Anyone else having this issue??
GME is cheap again. BUY BUY BUY
just bought another 10 at 350€
ROBINHOOD BLOCKS TRADING OF MOON STOCKS
GME executives when the accounting intern from 1993 suggests there may still be shares on the books
A list of where you can still buy GME, BB, etc..
###Seeing that Robin Hood and others are starting to restrict the buying and selling of stocks we like I am compiling a list of places that we can still buy as per comments I come across in WSB:
Robinhood restricting ability to buy AMC, GME to name a few. Switch brokers to teach them a lesson, more   stocks
Robinhood restricting ability to buy AMC, GME to name a few. Thankfully this is my small account. Webull still allows buying these stocks. Holding for sure.   CTRM is still available on Webull, has begun the squeeze yesterday up over 60%, consider this while you hold GME If on Robinhood.   DO NOT SELL, this is their way of causing mass panic so their contracts expiring today win. Hold and they’ll be on the hook for these shares
KOSS. Anyone know whats up?
I bought a bit of the stock yesterday at $60 I think. Its now hitting $140 at premarket. Do we know if its also a shorted stock?
HOLD THE LINE
New to the party. How can I help?
Hi,  I’m kinda aware of what’s going on.  There’s obviously lots of posts and news, but it’s like a barrage... I just know I don’t like that folks are upset because you guys are beating them at “their” game.  Can I help? Is it too late to help?  From someone that only has a basic understanding of finances, I wish you all the best.
Hey boomer, guess what your daughters going to be richer than you.
MASS EXODUS: GO TO WEBULL
Seems as Robinhood & most other platforms have removed these stocks from trading.    WeBull has not — everyone migrate over there    Their tools & system overall is way better than Robinhood anyway.
I don't know a fucking thing about stocks
I literally downloaded an app and put a small amount of cash into buying 12 shares of AMC because I saw people talk about it on Reddit. I'm sure I'm not the only one. How liberating is it to know probably a good chunk of people helping to tell these fatcats to get fucked literally don't know what they're doing?
Everyone download Webull! I'll be uninstalling Robinhood after this.
Robinhood in 2021 stealing from the poor and giving to the rich
2021 a crazy year. Buy and hold GME
Corsairs time has arrived
The one true stock to rule them all while all memes suspended  Oops I shitted myself a bit   45c 3/19
IN GME WE TRUST
Top 40 most shorted stocks list
My Duty is Done.
I’ve done my duty to the investing gods, my country, and my community today. This morning, at 6:54 am CST, I made my sacrifice to the Gods of Investing by buying one share of GameStop. It has been rumored for eons that owning one share of GameStop provides the amount of luck equivalent only to sacrificing 11 child-bearing lambs on November 11th, of 2011. Are we prepared to lose it all, and go down in flames? Absolutely. But, more importantly, I have taken steps to ensure good fortune in the coming years of investing.  Godspeed, GameStop!
Webull
Is still allowing purchases of GME. Most others have locked it out. You can still download webull and buy today if you want to. Don't let them stop ypu
Lets go!
NOK, AMC, Express and GME.
What should I buy when market opens
AAL

We’re back!!
This was nice to wake up to! Except almost all brokerages have blocked buying of $gme and $amc among others. If you got em don’t sell!
Things are getting heated. Gather around the   to discuss brothers. We need a plan 🔥🔥
It seems lots of brokers that are blocking us from buying the shares we want. It seems Robinhood has joined them.  What do we do? What are the alternatives.  We need to keep the buying pressure on.   Experienced traders, guide us. We will follow.
Robinhood proves they stand with the elites
Can't buy shares of GME AMC or NOK on the app.  Sell only....    If that's not collusion, not sure what is
DO NOT SELL
1611870555
Doge
F this. Let’s get Doge to a million
Robinhood returned my money
Well RH returned my money for AMC and NOK. How is this possible? Is it bc I used their “money” while my deposit cleared. I have order completions. I didn’t realize there was returns in the stock market. THIS IS FUCKED!
HOLD GME BUY BUY BUY SNDL
Big moves inbound
we can do a short squeeze in atossa current price $ 2. Let's make money...
Going hard for GME them dumping into a charity. Show big wallstreet who's boss and give the money to those who need it most.
Also leave some negative reviews on the brokerage apps that are stopping the trades of GME and other short squeezed stocks.
Stochastic Optimization of Covered Call Strategies.... Or, I know I f'ed myself, but(t) ... in a good way? Let's find out together
Nokia, AMC, and Blackberry were all just taken off Robinhood
Should we be looking to change broker after GME moon-squeeze?
I am absolutely furious like everyone else at the brokers locking down trading on stocks they consider "volatile". If someone was cynical they might assume it was to allow the shorters on companies like AMC to get out before they get spanked.     Are there any brokers that folk recommend that have not tried to limit access during our moon trip?     Obligatory reminder: Keep those diamond hands you fucking nerds
Robinhood controlling trades
So we know that NOK, GME, AMC is unable to be traded on RH?  Is BB the move now, while HOLDing everything we al have until wealth do us part?
Open your new brokerage account through your banks.
Fuck all these institution working with the hedge funds.   Open your brokerage acct through your banks. Wells Fargo still have AMC listed.
Nokia to the Moon!!!!!

Free GME
Man screw robinhood they’re restricting  trading on GME, AMC, and others
CLASS ACTION AGAINST ROBINHOOD. Allowing people to only sell is the definition of market manipulation. A class action must be started, Robinhood has made plenty of money off selling info about our trades to the hedge funds to be able to pay out a little for causing people to loose money now
HOLD THE LINE U IDIOTS HOLD!!!
HODL HODL DO NOT LET THEM WIN
AMC
Hold AMC, buy on Schwab
Just introduced my mom to Reddit. And made her follow this as her first account and she is loving it.
Thank you for making her enjoy the app!
FIDELITY BUY GME AMC NAKD BB NOK HOLD AND BUY IF YOU CAN
Sorkin literally says we're "hurting people's pension funds"
Anyone else having issues buying GME on robinhood? The app won’t show the search results for GME
I noticed GME / NOK / AMC are not searchable on robinhood now  Earlier they had a tagline at the bottom saying something to the effect of: “this stock is not supported on robinhood”   But now it’s not searchable at all and my NOK calls were auto canceled - hope this doesn’t happen with my buy orders
RONIMHOOD AND TD HAVE.BLOCKED BUYING AMC GME BB GO TO ETRADE CASHAPP OR WEBULL
LETS GET $GE MOVING SHALL WE 🤑⬆️🔥
Buy Seat On Exchange
Fuck these brokerages thinking they can play god and “ban” trading on certain stocks. WSB needs to band together pool some money and get a seat on the exchanges. Run all our orders through them. Wtf they gonna do then delist it???
Robinhood
Just blocked purchase sales of BB AMC GME NOK NAKD.  Oh man...
ROBINHOOD CAN SUCK MY DICK, WE NEED TO RISE UP
I bought AMC/BB last night after hours on Robinhood before they shut those stocks down but the transaction hasn’t gone through, am I still going to have those shares?
Title
Robinhood has removed ability to buy NOK, GME, AMC, and KOSS
Since we KNOW Robinhood execs read this sub, make this your "I'm boycotting Robinhood when this is over" button.
And a hearty FUCK YOU to anyone who sides with billionaire whales crying their soft little cucumber covered eyes out.   Let them know they fucked up.
Regarding the exchange delisting..
HOLD THE FUCKING LINE. DONT FUCKING SELL.  $GME, $BBBY, $AMC, $BB
It would be a huge shame if Robinhood’s app rating was to drop today for not allowing users to take positions they were allowed to yesterday.
GameStop Bear Thesis
Because I’m a   🏻   I wanted to post why it’s possible that retail investors lose and the “smart money” wins again. I’m stupid as fuck and totally expect to be ripped apart and for y’all to run a train on my wife. But here goes. The theory that this bubble is different from other bubbles comes from the idea that, instead of retail investors holding the bag yet again, the real bag holders are the short sellers. But will they be forced to cover? Here’s why they might not have to:     1) they have huge amounts of funds, including a trillion dollar lifeline from The Citadel. They can stay retarded and at a loss longer than you can stay exuberant.  2) short selling might not cause much of a squeeze. A short squeeze relies on there being more demand for stocks than supply. But GameStop is so heavily traded, that more than 100% of the float is traded every. Single. Day.  3) the smart money isn’t just in shorts. GameStop insiders own over a billion dollars worth of stock. Organizations are buying stock when their call options become ITM. There may be smart money going long the stock hoping to take a profit before y’all can.  4) Institutional investors can change the rules. They can cease trading completely on these stocks. Or, well meaning brokers can stop you from buying through their apps, which is already happening. They could arrest u/deepfuckingvalue to kill moral. They could kill this subreddit. All of these things would cause a panic and end the bubble.  5) for many of you this is your first time buying stocks. This isn’t smart money’s first rodeo. They are smarter and more emotionally and financially equipped for this situation.  Alright, I’m ready to be killed now. I love you all and hope you take every fucking penny from the hedge funds and market manipulators. If there was ever a time for such a transfer of wealth, it’s deep in a pandemic in America.
Stonks
Nakd Thoughts ???
I would like some serious thoughts on the stock not just send it to the moon
Help us at Kandi
Geometric Fitness!! Fitness and Health for the BRAINS! Ask for Gav’s online training 502-895-3472
DOGECOIN BABY
I’ll put these shares into the dirt after this bullshit Robinhood.
Let's go
Buy NOK / Nokia in other places in case your broker (Robinhood etc.) blocked NOK at NYSE.
Processing img ahh79ztxu2e61...
GME Short Float   according to FINIVIZ
Is there a more up to date place to see current shorts?
Citadel is behind Robinhood's shutdown
Prove me wrong
1Star Robinhoid
EVERYONE ONE STAR ROBINHOOD AND THEN GO BUY GME SOMEWHERE ELSE
Y'all do you! But this what I'm doing.
ROBINHOOD MANIPULATION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ever since the top stocks GME, AMC, BB and NOK took off robinhood doesn't support them anymore.   Does anyone have a quick substitute so the rest of us don't miss out on the action?
Robin Hood desktop!
Hearing a rumour that you can still buy on Robin Hood desktop site! Not sure if its true but worth a look. Robin Hood don't work in my part of the world anyway!
They shut buying down of GME on Robinhood. Can I buy more on other apps?
You can buy stonks on cashapp
Do it
THEY ARE OUT OF BULLETS

Hey autists-kind of missed the GME uprising, is there still time to buy?
I chickened out this Monday but I'm more than willing to still help overthrow capitalism. Should I still buy or is that too degenerate, even for this sub?
Anyone on Schwab have 0 day trading power?? I have money in my account but no day trading power. Meme stock owner.
I sold shares yesterday so I should have buying power. Called Schwab margin just now and they said there is nothing they could do to increase my day trading power and now on hold to talk to someone else. Feels like it wont get resolved. I have like 250k cash in my account and cant buy a share of anything. Is this legal?  Need suggestions for other brokers, this is ridiculous.
Robinhood blocking GME. What does this mean for the retail buying and pushing power right now?
I'll still be holding, but lets get some serious discussion here.  Obligatory I'm not a financial advisor.  Obligatory positions, been buying in since $34/36/62/96/150/200.     EDIT: I'm an asian trader using Tiger Broker, all seems fine on my end.
BB GME AMC NOK NO LONGER AVAILABLE ON ROBINHOOD WTF AM I BEING RETARDED OR ARE WE BEING THROTTLED!?😳 MY BONER IS GONE FUUUUCK
Uavs   delivery drone money
Robinhood: $GME, $AMC, $NOK, and more taken down because they are scared of us, what to do now! Simple: HOLD
TLDR;   HOLD GME, leave feedback to the developers of Robinhood to show how much of a disagreement there is in our representation on the app.       It is shocking to see how much the community can impact the lives around us in such a positive way, but it is hard to see that Robinhood has fucked us with the current gamma squeeze this friday. However, it is optimal for us to remember that next week is the week for this squeeze as mentions by u/wildthangy.     So what is the plan? By no means is this financial advice or market manipulation, as said in the r/WALLSTREETBETS   RULES,   but to allow robinhood to take away our tendies and gains is absurd. REVIEW THEIR APP AND LET THEM KNOW IMMEDIATE FEEDBACK.      HOLD GME, AMC, AND BB
What do we do next. Need guidance ASAP
Holding positions, no to bullshit
Holding everything I have bought yesterday. Don't sell, use Webull.
PLEASE READ THIS! About RH trade ban
DON’T BE ALARMED BY ROBINHOOD’S STOCK BAN!   They are doing this so that people stop buying, so we stop contributing and adding to the massive tendy pile that has made the world as a whole wealthy, this will ultimately ruin all the progress we have made to get this far.   So please i’m asking for all of us, even the ones who can’t bare to hold due to the fear built up inside. FUCK that fear. Hold on and strap on, they don’t want nobody new to join? Fine, find other ways to buy stock, webull, etoro, td ameritrade. Fuck there’s so many other options. Leave some of the gold in the bank on robinhood and begin investing on new platforms if you would like to see this continue, otherwise the stock is most likely going to lose its momentum due to the panic from people selling from being uninformed.   HOLD THE LINE, IT’S THE ONLY WAY TO ETERNAL WEALTH!   TLDR: simple caveman logic: 1-robin hood ban trades on popular stock. 2-no one sells. 3-stock no go down due to people not selling. 4-stock rebounds as hedge funds are forced to buy at high prices. 5-Stonks go up.  It’s pretty damn simple. DON’T FUCKING SELL!
ROBINHOOD NUKES GME
So guys Robinhood is displaying the “Stock not supported” message 🤦🏽‍♂️ I had my orders via this app, what are y’all using to buy AME???? A big FUUU!!!! To Robinhood btw
Won’t let me buy
IMPORTANT  HOLD! IT'S THE BEST STRATEGY TO WIN THIS WAR. The fund manager's dateline is on monday. ALL OF US HOLD TO WIN THIS WAR... fight till the end!
What’s the plan with SNDL?
DOGE COIN
Is there a hedge fund behind doge coin.. if there is we have another opportunity.
Trading212 (UK) now restricting access!
Hold amc !!!!!
Trading 212 stopped the ability to buy more, don't let them win.
Robinhood just made a big mistake.
Your thoughts?
Robinhood no Gme wtf
My message to Robinhood Support
😥
What’s an app I can use to buy stonk at open? RH screwed me and WeBull has like a two day waiting period apparently
GNUS still able to trade on platforms
I hope someday this same kind of turned tables can happen on GNUS ... shorters burned so many to big losses
Move to DOGECOIN
ROBINHOOD inserted a BAN on AMC GME BB actions, let's move on DOGECOIN !!  Please see     to more infos, there is a big train leaving now! Don't miss it !    EDIT: if you want, you can buy it on Binance or Kraken for EUR/USD
GameStop
Robinhood says this stock is not supported
GME from europe
Hello there, im from Europe and have a small cash amount I can "throw away" seeing the news about this and being shocked at thow "legal" is left to interpretation if you're either a billionaire or a dumb peasant I kinnda want to just enter the fray.     I have an Etoro account atm was planning on investing simply like 360€ I have left, but I was wondering if any1 else on etoro has any fears about the platform or more info regarding it tbh, plus considerings its not the USA but the EU regulations is there anything they can do to mess this up from the european side?     Thanks, and i'm more than ready to put it in GME and hold till 5k.
SNDL = $
Its time to buy don't wait and miss out.
DO NOT SELL IF YOU USE ROBINHOOD
Fuck Robinhood. DO NOT CLOSE POSITIONS  This is exactly what they want for you to get pissed close all your positions and leave. Guarantee Robinhood got a huge payout for all the lost users theyre about to have. DON NOT SELL THO. Hold and take it on the chin for now. Do not trigger a mass sell off.
Time to move to the biggest short. #silver
Anyone else ?
If you’re going to fight, you have to move with your terrain. It’s time to mobilize and beat them at their own game. Take back all your money and find a different place and find a way to share it and shut down the entire piece of shit. Just a suggestion for this war.
Discord help
Hi everybody, plese I need your help, why I cant write to the discord? Does I need any rank or somenthing? Im new here, than you for help.
Don't sell!!! Fight back and hold... NOK GME
Trading212 BANNED GME and AMC Buy
We got your bois runnin’
ROBINHOOD IS A HEDGE FUND SHILL!!! All these stocks are now “unsupported” by RH and positions can only be sold!
Zom
Can we all take over ZOM its at 98 cents right now
Switch from Robinhood to Schwab!!!
They have commission-free stock trading and a pretty easy-to-use site with a lot of features. You can still trade gme, nok, amc, bbby, and others that robinhood banned with them. Fuck the hedge funds!
THIS DIP MEANS NOTHING !!!!LOAD UP!!!!

Robinhood declared war! (BLOCKED TRADING)
What's the Goal here?
I'm just a small investor and new here so still more cautious than most posts. I have money in GME, and have held AMC and NOK for more than a year.  I am NOT selling anything!  If the goal is to get some revenge on hedge funds, we have done that, and we can continue to squeeze them some more as GME rockets higher.  Reddit has certainly rattled the big boys too, like JPM.  I'm for revenge but more about "death by a thousand cuts".  To the point: GME is great: HOLD POSITIONS, but let's diversify a bit and drive up other stock, too.  We have made a   in some who are also in $$ need.
My beautiful account of ~4 years. Took dad’s advice and did AMZN and APPL
1611870506
THEY HAVE SHUT DOWN AMC PURCHASES ON ROBINHOOD!! SEND SUPPORT!!
They have shut down purchases of multiple stock on robbinghood. WE CAN ONLY SELL! The people in power area allowing people who have the ability to make moves in the pre market to take profits or buy. WE MUST HOLD THE LINE!!! THEY ARE TRYING TO SCARE US TO SELL! IF YOU HAVE THE ABILITY TO BUY DO IT!!
I can’t buy more shares of GME. How is this legal?
What platform are we all moving to now?
Obviously Robinhoodlum isn’t working out so where are we all going to go to?
Everyone buy 420 shares of SNDL RIGHT NOW UNTIL ITS DELISTED!!!!!!!
I’m going full retard I don’t give a fuck, fucking do it!!!!!!!!!!  It’s a weed company so smoke up and pour all your 420s in this bitch
After this event in how ever many weeks or months or days. Get off Robinhood they don’t deserve anything, they were supposed to be for the people. They shall burn along with Melvin.
AMC
Your thoughts on AMC? Can we push them?
Robinhood stopped supporting GME, BB, AMC!!! Maybe more, Robinhood
unsophisticated investors are going to be hurt by this- William Galvin SEC
File official complaints with SEC due to blocking trades
We must put in complaints with the SEC   in order to put pressure on the big guys to allow us to trade
TAKE YOUR GAISN
GO exit!!! They will come after  us!
great idea , help American Co. being squeezed, less than 20 mil shrs issued
I have a candidate for a short squeeze reprimand to the fund group trying to hurt an All American red-blooded Stateside American Manufacture.  This is hurting every American worker at the plant, every sales agent and every aspect of a ordinary profitable American Stockholder of the Company.  Yes ! , this company has and is making money according to their reports, so the question is why would the funds sell over 28% of the shares short ?  The company only issued less than 20 million shares,  1 class of common shares, no other layers. The owners retained 12%  so the only thing I can figure is the fund is trying to make this company ill. It would not take too much effort to reprimand these short selling fund groups that are harming this American firm. Do you want me to mention the stock symbol ?   Should we reprimand this foul fund with a firm   so please tell me your view point.      Silkey69
Let’s bombard NOK since they are trying to scare us off! F CK UM!
AAL NEXTTTT
Putting a grand in lets go
GNUS should be next!!!
Who to follow on twitter?
Hey all,  I got caught up in this once it hit the MSM. Love it. Who should I be following on twitter to get a good picture as to what's going on? I find it tricky to navigate what's happening on here.
DOWN WITH ROBINHOOD!
Everybody leave 1 Star and a very negative review for Robinhood. They are thieves and should be sued. Then uninstall it and find another broker if you use them. Let's make them pay!
If you really want to make a difference - screw over the oil company’s buy buying clean energy...GameStop resells games they for 90% more than what they bought it for in malls. Clean energy has been fighting oil company’s and hedge funds when we’re all in diapers.
Oil company’s have been starting wars and killing innocent people for decades. Melvin capital is just a bunch of assholes.
It's truly awesome what y'all are doing.
I had just started dipping my toes into stocks (only on Robinhood) when the whole GME thing really took off, and after having a friend explain it, I'm so impressed and proud of y'all. I'd hop on the train if it wasn't too expensive lol but keep up the good work! It warms my heart that so many of you are finally getting the chance you deserve 😊
Market manipulation. Can’t buy AMC or NOK, GME options only
Literally stopping the price from going up. All that’s available is selling
Anyone else use WEALTH SIMPLE? They don’t have premarket sales but they still sell GME AMC NOK
I’m not in GME but I’ll be damned if I am going to use a broker that decides what I can and can’t buy myself. What’s our alternatives?
I already have thinkorswim and tastyworks.   Who are you guys switching to?
Just a note: Hedge funds have doubled down on AMC shorts
The     have shorted over 160 million shares of AMC as of YESTERDAY. They have doubled down on their shorts. Taking into account the free float of AMC is around 100 million shares, this means the current short interest is 160%!!!  GameStop is rumored to be around 140% short interest, but hedge funds have doubled down on their AMC shorts, so AMC now has more short interest than GME.  TLDR:     have bet more on AMC shorts, increasing short interest to more than GME. BUY, HOLD, AND       My positions: 50x AMC FDs, 4x GME FDs
I don't have money or the knowledge to spare. But i (and most of the the internet) are behind you.    🌜
Stocks
So they are basically saying that it's ok for the wealthy to pump(I don't necessarily mean pump and dump) a stock such as Tesla and bitcoin but once middle class or lower class do it it's a crime? Make it make sense please.
DO NOT SELL ANYTHING. this is not financial advice. IM NOT LEGALLY ALLOWED TO TIE MY SHOWS DUE TO MY AUTISM
🍎        🤲
Don't let inconvenience get in your way
Many Market Makers are struggling to comprehend and react to what is happening not because they are evil but because they are incompetent   If you're unhappy with their service switch to a different platform and buy in again   Don't let them manipulate you with their kind words. Give them no quarter   I like the stock and they will give it to me
Wall Street seems to be exerting pressure on us for what we've done. Let's fight back.
Instead of going after small stocks and squeezing them, we should go after larger more influencial ones to really make wall street squirm. TSLA, APPL and others with large marketshares. If this gets big enough, Wallstreet might shut down. They don't know how to handle semi organized autists with too much time on their hands.  GO GO GO BROTHERS
We are being   a SEC complaint.
Brokerages not allowing purchases of GME is illegal and we should report to the SEC.   Can someone who’s smarter than me come up with a well worded letter for us to send, and a link of where to send it.
Freetrade still supporting gme, bb and amc
Cheeky I know but if your gonna sign up help an autist out     Join me and invest commission-free with Freetrade. Get started with a free share worth £3-£200.
RH and TD right now
Robinhood disables AMC, GME buying
Transfer out of RH WITHOUT selling your shares.
If you want to get out of robinhood transfer your account DO NOT sell your shares to transfer
Fidelity is still allowing trades guys
Trading 212 just banned us from buying GME HOP ON THE BB BUS STAT!
Well squeese BB just as hard if not more GROUP UP N TAKE EM DOWN
What app are we moving to boys? We boycotting Robinhood now.
What is the endgame for robinhood with this? they just dug their own grave
WEBULL BUY MORE GME AMC NOK BB NAKD HOLD AND BUY MORE IF YOU CAN
Robinhood
If you’re unaware Robinhood has blocked trading of our favorite stocks $AMC $NOK and tendy maker $GME. HODL THE LINE!!   Should we ban together and do a class action against them?
ROBINHOOD CAVING TO HEDGE FUNDS AND STOPPED TRADING GME ALL TOGETHER. WTF
APRN short squeeze
DON´T SELL
JUST DON´T DO IT!!!, I am not gonna go deep into manipulation or stuff like that but, just don´t give in to pressure at all!!!     Also, Hi American SEC!!!
SNDL to the moon
Rate 1 star reviews as helpful on play/app store
It's not enough to shit talk Robinhood.  We need to bring these reviews to the top.  Don't forget to mark 1 stars as helpful.
HOW CAN WE SELL IF THERES NO ONE TO BUY!?!?
HOLD THE LINE
Don’t sell!!
They Really Out Here Tryna Make Sure We Don’t Win! GME not available on Robinhood.
DODGE COIN TO PLUTO BABY
Robinhood has removed support for BB, GME, AMC, and others
Robinhood is not supporting trading in these companies. It will allow me to close out my BB position, but not purchase more.  The banks and funds have gotten to them. They’re blocking us.
try use futu Momo instead of robinhood
GME&BB- what’s the move
i just opened a fidelity account. it doesn’t say anything about blocking shorting stocks yet. neither does webull. what are we doing? should i buy in still?  after gme goes up, i’m switching all my stocks to webull. fuck you RH.
Robinhood just started WW3!!
Fuck you Robinhood
THIS IS AN ONLINE PROTEST. ON THE FUCKING MARKET. WHERE IT HURTS THEM!!! HOLDDD DONT FUCKING SELL!!! 🔥🔥🔥
SRNE we are sick of stockroaches hitting this company since May!! Let’s punch back and let’s send this one to the moon as well. It’s a great company with lots of pipelines. BUY BUY AND HOLD THE LINE!!
get fricked lol
.
Free Ass Pics for $GME. Since RH is already fucking me .
Went to buy more GME on Robinhood, now says "This stock is not supported...". Wtf does THAT mean??
Cancel robinhood
Deleting Robinhood after this trading ban. 1 star .
American Airlines AAL
Strong Earnings Report, strong fundamentals, undervalued, big short position. READY FOR A VERY BIG SHORT SQUEEZE
the blocking of Robinhood, Trading212 and others. which platform is next?
It's no secret that that diverse brokerage apps act like huge cockblockers now that the purchase of $gme, $amc, $bbby and others has been halted. preventing the users from making $$$$$$$$$$ once. bad reviews and possible class-action lawsuits are pouring in for these company's and this thing is far from over.  since i've been cucked by my broker I'm wondering if i should switch and to which one, and I'm wondering what you retards are going to do   btw I'm still holding my GME an AMC, and you should definetly do the same     #
How to buy Dogecoin
1. Buy BTC on Coinbase 2. Download Freewallet 3. Send BTC from Coinbase to FreeWallet  4. Exchange BTC to Dogecoin 5. Watch as it goes to the fucking moon!
FIDELITY
Fidelity to my knowledge has not removed gme or any other stock. I have fidelity and shares in GME BB. If having serious issues and wish to continue to buy shares you can check them out
Bouta throw 10k into AAL and 15k into GME, let’s hold the lines and take it to the
New crypto coin coming in February! Support sustainable mining and space mining without the corporate greed! My new project! I've been mining for 20 years and have dealt with alot of shit men. Time to stop. #ecocoin on binamce and kucoin in February!!!
RH JUST LIT THE MATCH! The fire rises. DO NOT SELL. HOLD THE LINE BROTHERS.
There are so many other platforms to use. FUCK RH. FUCK HEDGEFUNDS. WE CARRY ON AND REBEL
This RobinHood shit will just be the start. Let’s attack with buying Physical precious Metal?!
Okay. They will fight like crazy now. What do you guys think about actual buying physical Gold and Silver? It’s gets manipulated for decades and it’s incredible undervalued. We wouldn’t have a fast effect but it would be longer lasting. Let me know your opinion on that one.
Are we running AAL to the moon? Robinhood has left us no choice
Is AAL to the moon? I think yes!!
Unsupported on Robinhood????
They have yet to unsupport $SNDL. May be some potential there. HOLD THE LINE.
RH is no longer supporting GME! 🥸Although I am not on his  , I am still having fun watching this saga. It’s unbelievable, the effort at play to control the retardedness 😬
I bought PTEN
Robinhood restricting purchases of Stock
Robinhood is now restricting the purchases of AMC, Blackberry, and Gamestop stocks. It is now "no longer supported" on robinhood.
Check PTTN looks good. Great potential.
What the hell is this Robinhood email???
Put in a limit order for GME on robinhood last night. Will it still process even though buying is restricted now?
IM GOING ALL IN, WHOS WITH ME?
the way i see it is - 1. i  either go broke or 2. i own a yacht and sip on cocktails in columbia. RAGS TO RICHES BOYS LETSGGOOOO $AMC $GME $NOK $EXPR
RH not allowing anyone to buy more shares??? Or just me?
Robin Hoods -Spam Help
Everyone please spam Robinhood’s help center! This is BS!
It’s been done (and fuck Robinhood)
Today I received my first salary and i cannot yolo it. I want to the Moon as well 😢
Robin Hood
I'm only a G into this because I'm a poor fucker, but this is making me feel like a modern-day Robin Hood. I'm here to ride the wave with everyone!
Where are we going heavy today? I’m in on BB hard today let’s go
Buying NOK and AMC through Cashapp  ‍♂️
Cashapp still has NOK and AMC up, never supported GME.
Can’t trade on Robinhood?
$GME TO THE MOON FELLAS!
Robinhood not allowing new purchases?
Guys robinhood is not letting new purchases on GME. What other apps do you prefer?
Invest, Invest, Invest. Make your money work for you.
You all have heard or seen these “advices” from the rich telling you how to make money. They love giving advice right.  But now that our time for the taking has come they try to pull the plug.  They want to keep us poor. They want to stop us. They want to control us. Because that’s the only way they profit. Well I and everyone of you say that this is enough. Our time has come.  We will push further, we will start to take control and we will make money. Ladies and Gentlemen THE REVOLUTION HAS JUST BEGUN
ROBINHOOD REMOVED GME, AMC, NKD?
I just woke up this morning to find out that robinhood has removed stocks suck as GameStop, AMC, and Naked from its app, and I believe it isn’t alone in doing this, with other platforms such as Ameritrade and Charles Schwab following suit. What do you guys recommend?
For those trading with money they need...
I am proud of everyone but those that are playing with more than play money need to realize this isn’t sustainable. Robinhood just restricted buying. Just because you HODL doesn’t mean the price doesn’t go below where you bought it. the price is only propped up by constant buying. Eventually the powder will run dry. It’s not a matter of if, but when.  Can GME go higher, sure. But it can also drop in an instant if large amounts of buying are not sustained. If GME declares bankruptcy, everyone is screwed. I want everyone to make money but I don’t want people to lose money they really need. Have fun, make stacks, but have an exit plan and be careful out there I want everyone to make money but I don’t want people to lose money they really need.   Have fun, make stacks, but have an exit plan and be careful out there
🚨🚨 BANT - Golden Cross stock alert🚨🚨
Hi guys   BANT    Has just entered a golden cross movement as of now and already up 13% pre market   It is a supply and service company and has already sealed some drone contracts with the US government  military fire police and hospital departments college universities amongst more  Drone play has already proved its self with UAVS and ALPP and is expected to grow another 20-30 billion over the next 2-3 years which is getting divided to the company’s making biggest movements   More exciting right now is that it has currently entered the golden cross moving average as of now and is already up 13% pre market   Do you DD and be fast market is opening soon current price is only
Thoughts on AAL
I already have a little bit of money in GME but was wondering.. is AAL the next GME? I bought AAL at   and when I woke up this morning it was hovering around 25 during premarket. Should I hold? What do you guys think the earnings report will be like?
Let the temptation take hold! To the moon!
NNDM what to do now
Good morning, new here, what’s the deal with NNDM, should we get out of it if sitting at a loss right now?
Can't sign up for Robinhood?
I don't intend to jump on the GME revolution train, however would like to jump on pumping DOGE TO THE MOON  and Coinbase doesn't trade DOGE.   I can get on their site, but the other day the signup page kept me in a loop of linking back and forth to 2 pages and now today I just straight up can't get the page to load, it's just a spinning circle in the middle of the page.  Tips pls? Also the revolution seems to now be turning away from RH for halting GME stonks so any other suggestions?
You guys are making AAL Fly!
Scumbag retail brokers
Can we all make some big noise about brokers who are restricting our trades?   Can we all mass exit the brokers who will not let us buy stocks and ones that hold us to GFV for selling. They limiting retail investors  to a point you forcing them to take losses.
I'm longing big the GME future. THEY WILL NOT STOP US
How do we buy now? With Robinhood stopping buying and all.
BUY NOK BUY NOK BUY NOK
GUYS LETS PUSH AMC & NOK THEY ARE IN THE RED!!!!!!!!!!! THEY THINK WE ARE ONLY FOCUSING ON GME SO THEY ARE MESSING WITH AMC AND NOK!!!!!!!!!
GME the War of Attrition.
Repost from a while back that I feel still applies and is going to apply even more in the coming days.     Hello fellow Autistic  smooth brains!  As you can see its going to be a war of attrition... these hedge funds think they can get a majority of you out of your stocks for 440 or whatever it is settling at make them pay for 2008, make sure they learn from this. Its not about the money its about the message!     HOLD THE LINE!    Disclaimer: I am not here to give advice on what you do with your money, nor is this written to be advice for this particular stock, just my opinion/thoughts on the current standing of it. And of course   🏻      My stakes are 42@87
I might transfer all my funds over to WEBULL now .
Yo this shit really the wild west rn. Some of these post just egging y'all on btw
Shits getting scary let's be real.  Anyway,
I do not have diamond hands today
I think we are something that most hedge fund managers and market analyst did not anticipate. I do not have diamond hands. But I also do not have paper hands.   I have something else they don’t have. Something they’ve never worked against.   An 8am-6pm grind.   I can’t sit here watching the market fluctuations, panicking at every dip and selling it all like they hope. I check my phone once every couple of hours to see the days trend (stocks go up not down), then get back to work.   I can’t sell off everything I’ve got at a moments notice. I don’t have some algorithm watching stock price rate of change/millisecond.   I’m still here and holding.   Not because of   .   I’m here because of 🐢 .
Why it’s showing I can’t buy GME anymore??
You can still sell in Robinhood
Robinhood has stopped new buys on amc,bb and gme but you can still sell them! Do not panic sell! That’s what they want
Should I sell American Airlines when it reaches
Bought AAL yesterday at   Thinking about selling when it crosses   seems there's massive short on the stock.  Should I hold it beyond
Diamonds From Sierra Leone (Bonus Track)
At this point, it's more than just profiteering. They can try to take GME off RobinHood, but I believe in my WSB brothers and sisters to hold.
NOK, AMC, GME all disabled on RobinHood ahead of trading today. We can understand it. The people have organized! The pitchforks are out! Close the gates, do not let them trade! Organized People confronted Organized Capital. So what happened to calling for free markets and innovation?
You can still purchase AMC with cash App so let’s get it while we can!!!!
New here, from mexico, watching shit unfold and ROOTING FOR MY AMIGOS ON REDDIT
So I've been watching you guys only because i sometime come here, the news down south hasn't said shit about the marvelous feat you guys are doing, after careful consideration y myself bought 2 stocks of gme, 10 of amc, 15 nok, its a very small amount compared to you guys but keep in mind in mexico 1 usd equals 20 of our pesos so yeah.  Anyways i just want to be a part of this, to be beside you guys while you show the world what a couple of internet nerds can do to the world!   🤜🤛
If they want to play dirty, then let's play dirty.
We need a stickied post right now that says 1) Where we can go, from Robinhood, and instant deposit to buy GME today and 2) Remind everyone to hold their Robinhood positions, even after they open on a new broker
See title. What are brokers that are still working?  And DON’T sell your RH positions in the process of leaving!
Let’s switch to webull and put our life savings on AMC
RALLY TESLA RALLY TESLA RALLY TESLA
💫💫💫TESLA TO 10,000 FOR UNLIMITED TENDIES💫💫💫
Let’s try something bigger...
Let’s see how far we can push this. GameStop’s market cap is 20b. Let’s see if we can push a 700b dollar company like Alibaba ($BABA).   $BABA has gone down a lot because of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) regulating it and Wall Street firms shorting it. Let’s see if we can piss both of them off, shall we?  Went all in on $BABA, follow me, my army. Our strength brings tears to my eyes. Now let’s bring tears to the CCP’s eyes.
PAAS Pan American Silver To Cheap to Ignore
PAAS Value based on fundamentals appears to be cheap, with news from Guatemala that the Escobal mine should be open in the next 12 months doubling the production of Silver for PAAS.  Earnings mid February.  Great play for inflation protection and growth.
HOPE ROBINHOOD IPO GETS SHORTED BY THE SHORTERS. SO PISSED. F ROBINHOOD. WE GONNA GET EM. GME AMC BB NOK BBBY TO THE FKIN MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
YOU CAN BUY ON DESKTOP! ON ROBINHOOD! SPREAD THE NEWS
You can buy and sell on the desktop not on the app.
us after all this
GME no longer supported on Robinhood
Title. This is war.
Do you like pancakes for breakfast? I'm sure you will like these pancakeswap.finance
WE DID IT $
Just a reminder that not all of those fat cats in Washington are in the pockets of Wall Street billionaires.
silver
totally agree on slv as silver has been trailing for a year
Short sellers scared of AAL
lets go fellow retards, AAL is our next play !!!  Let's fuck these short sellers again!!
Thank you for doing Justice!
We live in a world were laws go firstly and after is there is some space, a bit of moral, something that hedge founds as is not mandated by law , don't have. (Melvin lawyers would agree on that, the unique thing that matters is if we get in trouble or not, not if we are hurting someone)  I'm glad to see that where our governments would never do nothing to make justice, like in this financial environments, at the least, the coordinate action of common people does. The best of all this situation is not the money. It is the sense that the bad guys that never pay  at least this time have paid a bit.
DON'T SET SELL ORDERS AT 1K IT'S TOO LOW
GME is still to take off the launchpad!  1k we take   who knows what price we would be at when we reach the moon.     The thing can be astronomical SO STOP POSTING 1K SELL ORDERS IN THIS SUBREDDIT! WE CAN GO MUCH MUCH HIGHER    I have set my sell order to 42,069 just to keep myself in the game long enough to empty those greedy scums pockets.   PS: I am NOT a financial advisor, I only have a major in accounting .
Doge coin put only option
We’re doomed
Robin Hood shut down trades for amc, NOK, GME??
ESGC
Let’s make it rain with  ESGC
For those blocked. Join fidelity. Was easy as 123. To the moon we go!!!
Robinhood
Why is Robinhood making you close out positions, stating that you cannot buy additional shares, also saying some stocks are now not supported on Robinhood? Are you serious right now
We're going to catch a big one (WE LIKE THE STOCK)
Let’s see how low we can get RH’s rating on the App Store
No fear! This is going to be the new winner! $XSPA
Hello Jan
I'm watching the spike, full disclosure I'm not in it.  I didn't even know about them but the run is crazy
Appreciate your advice!
Hi guys, I’m new to the trading game and would like to learn how to day trade or any type of trading to make money.   Where do you recommend I start and who are the best mentors you advice I learn from. Thanks an advance!
FUCK ROBINHOOD
Can somebody explain this situation in layman terms?
Hello all,     So for the last couple weeks I've been lurking in the sub and I'm enjoying what's going despite not really having a clue what exactly is happening or why/how it is? Having never invested in stocks and being an overall novice on this matter so if somebody could explain it in terms that suit someone investing illiterate and if there's anyway to help the thrust?     Cheers
Robinhood has not only stopped option buying (somewhat understandable) but now they’ve stopped the ability to BUY STOCK ALTOGETHER. Is anyone else experiencing this? Also are any other retail brokerages doing the same thing??
Taste of their own medicine - rant for the illegitimate institutions
So it's okay if a huge hedge fund shorts a company into bankruptcy but if a community comes together and fights back.. They are alt-rights/lefts and whatever the media calls them. .  This is ridiculous, they can drive thousands into bankruptcy while they make cash, however when they loose money, they stick together and show us the middle finger, call in the institutions so they can "investigate"   This is complete proof that they are a bunch of wussies and that the institutions are illegitimate!   It's easy to predict the market when they are pulling the strings, why could they not predict this?  Now they are not allowing us to trade because it is "too risky" while if they do it, its all fine and dandy. And the best part if they default on their debt, we will bail them out with "quantitative easing" with our taxes...   Screw them all.   It was supposed to be by the people for the people, and not by the billionaires for the billionaires.   If anything this has brought excitement into stock trading and investing, this makes them scared as then how will they be able to explain the big commissions and taxes? All while the average person is kept in the dark.    Sorry for the rant, but this is ridiculous they are attempting and throwing everything at us.   (I have a few stocks, but it is all I can do)
Can't buy AMC on Robinhood - what do I do?
I bought AMC shares last night and wake up to Robinhood telling me it's not supported. It still says the orders are going through but i expect it to cancel. Where can I buy quick before it goes up? Etrade is taking a couple days to verify money transfer so I can't use that
Can the hedge funds even afford closing their shorting position on GME?
Mabye a total retard question. But lets say GME hit 1000$ and continued to grow. What happens if the money required for the hedge funds to close their shorts and buy back the stocks does not exsist. If there is not enough money avalible to buy back the stocks wont the hedge funds just declare bankruptcy and we have no buyer left to sell to? I mean they are not banks? so they cant print money?
PLEASE HELP
So what’s gonna happen to my market orders on stocks that “don’t exist” on Robinhood anymore? Can I still gain and sell from them?
WTF ROBINHOOD! Robinhood is no longer allowing users to buy BB, GME, NOK, and AMC
OXY for the future.
This is only 4% short, but I’ve been watching it for years, as they bought APC, which is a great company with smart leadership.  Happy to answer any questions about this stock.  Upvote if you think it’s a future buy, downvote if not.  It won’t hurt my feelings, I just want to help.
NZ has got your back
Even though Robin hood has banned GME, AMC, NOK, BB and etc. Our platforms will still let us buy these stocks. So hold strong, comrades
Robinhood update
Do you think Robin Hood is trying to manipulate everything by trying to update the app I just got a notification to update
Robinhood shut off new positions?
So let me get this straight...   \-Melvin Capital takes a huge short position on... many stocks.   \-These names go public. WSB takes action.   \-Citadel bails out Melvin Capital  \-Robinhood shuts down new positions into these same stocks     I think Citadel is the house for Robinhood. I could be wrong, but this is some deep stuff if it is. And its about to get really ugly
Very sus what’s going on. Trying to block people from buying very good stocks.
This fucking 2 karma bot had the audacity to write me a cocksucking poem after spamming “Don’t buy GME” on WSB.
Be careful with WeBull. It's a China-owned company (even if they're currently Manhattan based) and they are incredibly shady. I wouldn't trust that platform.
Up until last year I worked at the NSA as an intel analyst specializing in Chinese policy. WeBull is a China-owned company that is less trustworthy than tiktok or WeChat or any other shady ass platform they make.  I would avoid them if you can. Are there any other sites allowing trades? RH only allows $SNDL right now.
1 star Robinhood on the App Store
The Gestapo aka Robinhood is trying to silence us by removing GME, NOK and AMC for their platform. We should not allow this to happen without any consequences. I suggest we all 1 star the shit out of Robinhood on the App Store to show the power that we hold!!!!  Do not let them get away with this censorship of opportunity!!! They are just trying to protect their friends at Citadel!!!!
Tinest Float $MDVL only   mil.. lets buy it
Its the tinest float stock $MDVL..
RH not allowing any more purchases of GME, BB, or AMC.
ROBINHOOD SOLD US OUT! DO NOT SELL!
Robinhood sold us out. They delisted $GME, $AMC, and others. It's time to switch to WeBull! At least they've got some    to keep those stocks listed.        DO NOT SELL YOUR POSITION ON ROBINHOOD!!        HANDS HANDS HANDS HANDS HANDS HANDS    \ This is not financial advice, I am not a financial advisor. This is my opinion.   Final Note: WE LIKE THE STOCK!
Robinhood removed gme and amc. What platform will allow you to still buy? Time to ditch Robinhood. Total greed it’s disgusting!
What's happening now is they think we'll get bored. Shorts still have to cover at our price
Listen, I'm for sure touched by the tism.   I'm still fucking holding.   They can hold us back for a day They can hold us back for a week  But they can't hold us back forever.   WSB will rise.   If they don't let us buy for a week, save your tendies and we unload a cannon of stupidity wall street didn't think was possible.   Hold.
If anyone is locked out, try WEBULL
WEBull is a Daytrading plaform more suited for active traders.
PSA: You can purchase all stocks on WEBULL
GME - Go to Jupiter!!
I love what I see here. I read your stories about 2008, and I feel you.  Sadly I can't join. Just two weeks ago I sent most of my money to my family in Palestine who really need it. But I really hope you make money, and pay all your debts, medical bills and whatever you and your loved ones need. I'm with you in my heart! 💖  This is justice!! Go hard, go to the end!
GME Amc in weekdays and Doge on weekends
What say guys? Can we just make Doge to $  then I go all in GME and AMC I have bags in doge request community help 🥺
AMC adding stock. What’s that mean?
I jumped in on this yesterday, getting AMC at   Only 11 shares, all I could do. Just saw that AMC is adding shares. What does this mean, in general and for me?
u/leecharles_ inspired me to do it. Gotta love the stock. Wer are here now.
Game Stop Stock
Should buy now? Or did I miss the  ? What's next? 👀
MORE FUEL: $NAKD Naked Brand Group Announces Pricing of $50 Million Registered Direct Offering Priced At-The-Market
Clovis Oncology Inc
It appears CLVS ready to rocket. Zacks strong buy.
Thursday 28th?
What are we loading up into today? GME still going strong but DO NOT SELL. For those who missed GME, what are people doing? Really it’s between NOK and AMC
Where can we buy bb or game stop stock now ?? Since all apps have restrictions
This apps are doing us wrong.. smfh
Flood Robinhood with the mail they deserve!
We all know they are cowards! We made them rich and this is how they repay us! Webull. Transfer everything. Let them tank
Fellow👩‍  here with a 40sec meme if you speak spanish LOOOOL
GME FOR THE WIN BTCHES LETS GO F CK MELVIN
Fuck Robinhood 2021
IN EUROPE WE CAN STILL BUY GME THROUGH THE   , DEGIRO DO NOT ALLOW!!!!!...HHHHHOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLDDDDDDDD
Now I buy DOGE, NOK is down..
$NOK?
The irony...
I know these are two different things, but corporations and the hedge fund losers can lobby BILLIONS of dollars towards politicians and political institutions to achieve their goals (Yes, I’m talking about you SEC), but when the little guy collectively agrees to advance our goals, we get met with immediate resistance? THEY DONT WANT US TO WIN.
Holy Fucking Shit you crazy bastards... HOLD!
RATE ROBINHOOD 1 STAR IN THE APP STORE!
There’s 4 million of us in here, make them pay for siding with the hedge funds!!
Datametrex AI. The next stock to take off. It’s at   Huge returns.
Early assignments
Good morning fellow autists. I have been lurking for some time, dabbling in options from time to time.  I, like many here, use Robinhood and this morning they decided to assign me early on the short leg of my 3/19 38C - 39C GME spread.   Now my question WSB, is am I fucked or can i salvage this position with an early exercise?
IT HAPPENED
USE THIS TIME WISELY
Since most of us are being blocked from buying and selling on RH and TDa (and others). TAKE THIS TIME TO FILE A COMPLAINT WITH THE SEC! This is criminal!   MEANWHILE HOLD THOSE MF DIAMONDS BABY           🏽
One star for RH
Can we all take the time to leave the asshats over at RH a nice lottle one star rating. I have already, its time the ants stand up to the grasshoppers..
IF YOU MOVE SHARES TO ANOTHER EXCHANGE IT WILL FREEZE THEM UNABLE TO BE SOLD
Fuck these platforms catering to the rich yet again. You can sell but not buy. It’s the most ironic thing you can imagine having a company called “Robinhood” but they really mean “We love the rich and fuck the poor”. If you decide to transfer your shares to another exchange, your shares are frozen during this exchange and can’t be sold or taken away. All your assets are frozen during this period. Fuck the brokers and also fuck the shorts at the same time? Fuck their dirty tricks but I’m sure we legally can have some of our own.     HOLD THE LINE LADS. TODAY THEY WILL NOT BREAK US. HOLDING IS THE #ONLY THING YOU NEED TO DO
BUY NOK!!!
GME great work!!!!!!! Bois!!!!!
I’m back!!!! And I was right!!!!! We can do this!!!
BUY NOK WE ARE IN POWER
STONKSTONKS STONKS BUY BUY WE ARE IN POWER GOV SUCKS BUY NOK TOO THE FLIPPLIN MOOOOOOOOOOON
RH unable to trade
Anyone else unable to trade in Robinhood, GME, AMC, BB, AA?
DFV Should Launch His Own Trading App
We are witnessing huge manipulation by the trading apps which have restricted the users to only sell but not buy. This allows the hedge funds to trade freely and easily.      DFV, we can all donate and collaborate to create an autonomous, freeware, simple, no hidden agenda/costs app that allows retail traders like us to trade freely irrespective of the market conditions.      If you agree, let's upvote this so this reaches DFV.      Can't thank you enough guys!!      PS: I created the account recently don't ban me please
[PLAN] HOW CAN WE END ROBINHOOD AND TRADING212
Ok new enemies found👿, they want us to loose what is ours please let’s think what can we do in order to punish this suckers.  We are fighting a fucking war to achieve a new paradigm of decentralized finance powered by people. We don’t have space for this fucking loosers.  Let’s debate and organize what options do we have  THEY FUCKING CANCELLING EVERY STOCK WE BOUGHT, USE OTHER BROKERS WE WONT STOP THIS IS HISTORY
Robinhood
Just posting to let everyone know Robinhood is blocking new purchases. Open a webull account maybe for new buys, and call Robinhood to complain. They're trying to stop the momentum, but these hands can handle the pressure
Robinhood
They cancel my options twice that’s bullshit
RH banned GME/AMC. How To Transfer Stocks Out Of Your Robinhood Account. IN KIND transfer — won’t trigger a sale event, meaning you still HOLD!
AMC
I have gotten in on the AMC but I don’t know if it’s too late to have done so? Any news??
Nokia is canceled off robinhood📡📡📡
They are taking Nokia off robinhood
A way to understand shorting and why this is definitely going parabolic
Dear artists of wsb,    Long forward:   This is the only sub that consistently makes me laugh out loud, so my small way of paying you back is to help affirm that you are right and to stay the course. I am in as of yesterday (happy to provide proof) at around $370, because I believe this thing could make VW look like an asterisk. I will probably continue to add as Melvin (and others, always remember there are others) continue to financially and socially engineer their way off the event horizon of the giant blackhole they are spinning towards. By the way, what kind of moronic fund name is that? Hold the line just so that stupid fucking name no longer exists on a website. It sounds like the name of a hedge fund villain in a Nickelodeon tween drama.  Anyway, taking the long view, this is a culmination (or continuation) of decades of unregulated financial fuckery that continues to cause larger and larger glitches in the societal health matrix and goes unpunished as our politicians also profit in the background. Tell me how a sitting senator makes tens of millions on a salary of a couple hundred thousand. They are all part of the problem. I'm thrilled retail investors are able to be able to make money in this one and fire a shot across the bow of corrupted and entrenched interests that continue to divide our country further.  For people who jumped in without having any understanding of short selling or how bad a squeeze like this can really get (I would estimate 80-90% of you based on comments), take comfort in the fact that nobody on Wall Street does either. Or if they do, they don't care. An MBA is the least intelligence-requiring degree of any masters. Being a psychopath that doesn't care about who they step on has nothing to do with intelligence. This is 80-90% of hedge funds. They are all the same and there are a bunch of other "professional" fools in the same boat as Melvin on this playing the greater fool game right now. They just aren't as publicly visible. Otherwise this wouldn't be +100% shorted. Melvin can't do it alone.  Before we get into it, there is no expiration on shorts, as has been reiterated over and over again. This is 100% fact, so say it three times so it sticks in your head. Options have expiration dates, shorts do not. Say that three times. This fact gets at the possible timing of everything, so it's really important to not be moved off this, no matter who is saying it.    Understanding the GME Short Situation    Imagine an overcrowded movie theater where it's standing room only for the long awaited premier of Spaceballs 2. Somehow a lot of people have snuck past the heavy security and are sitting on the floor everywhere, violating the fire marshall code. The theater ownership probably shouldn't have sold all these extra tickets, but who cares? What's the worst thing that could happen? They paid off the fire marshall years ago anyway.  In ironic twist of fate, all the people in the theater also happen to be a client of the notorious loan shark, Fat Gamestop. They all like to use their borrowed money to play roulette in Vegas, which means that no normal loan source will touch them. Fat Gamestop is happy to charge them 20% weekly interest on the massive loans they took out before a bender weekend. Everyone in the theater went to Vegas, got drunk, and decided to team bet it all on the number 7. They lost and came home penniless.  Now Fat Gamestop doesn't give a shit. That part is great. Since now these people owe him their lives. He wants his interest payments though. Since they don't have any money at all, Fat Melvin is getting impatient. A few broken legs don't seem to have gotten the message through. So he's getting more drastic.  As the movie starts, a few people get up and try and go to the bathroom. Surprisingly the doors back into the theater seem to be locked. Frustrated, but not concerned, they return to their seats. A few more minutes go by and people start to smell smoke. Is someone smoking in the theater? In 2021? What an asshole. Except the smell gets stronger, that's not someone smoking, that smells like fire. Some people get up now and start walking around. The inside doors are still locked and smoke is now pouring into the screening room from the project room, which also appears to have a small fire in it.  Now more and more people are starting to stand up and look around. Murmuring over the sound of the movie. A few smart people start to move towards the single exterior exit. Many more start pushing on the interior doors which are solidly locked and don't budge. The fire in the projector room is now blazing and flames are starting to lick around the corners into the cinema.   People are really starting to panic now, everyone is up and rushing to the front of the theater towards the one exit door. The people who got there first have already realized the horrible truth, that door is also locked. Instead of "Exit," the sign on the door now says, "Pay Me - Fat Gamestop"  Everyone is now t  each other to get away from the raging inferno inside the cinema. People are succumbing to smoke inhalation and getting crushed underfoot in the s  to the locked door. Eventually the door gives way under the weight of humanity pressing on it and a few lucky souls spill out into the bright sunshine, alive, but not unharmed. Most of the theater ironically looks like a movie scene, with bodies everywhere.  A solemn CNBC reporter standing outside intones, "early investigation by the fire marshall indicates the cleaning lady was at fault for the 150 deaths earlier today. Strict regulations will be put in place, restricting their access to supervised by a theater manager."     Anyway, here's wonderwall
GameStop stock ‘REMOVED from Robinhood trading app’ after Reddit trolls staged ‘financial revolution’
DOUBLE YOUR MONEY IF YOU SELL GME AND BUY NAKD
With Robinhood being an ass, should I pull my queued stocks out and move them else where or hold?
Breaking and Confirmed: Robinhood blocks purchases of AMC, GME, BB, and NOK.
Okay young’  is pretty amazing. I had written a white paper back in the ‘90s about ‘swarming’ and social media. You pulled it off. It’s amazing to watch.
Is it Illegal for Brokers and Banks to Stop Us?
Couldn't the SEC get involved or someone sue the brokers and banks from stopping us?
They’re calling this a ‘Ponzi Scheme’ and a ‘closed group’? People need to know this isn’t true. I’ve been in this sub for YEARS and never had any interest in stocks. I’m just here for the memes! Source in comments.
How can I buy GME/AMC?
How/where can I buy GME or AMC now that they’re not supported in Robinhood?
LOOK - QUICK DD
People want you to sell  By RH only offering the ability to sell, they’re trying to get you - if you move platforms, you’ll likely have to sell (for avg retail investors)  Not finical advice just feel this is obvious
NOK and AMC dipped. Let‘s all in
How can RH do this and are all of them doing it??
Never thought I'd feel so against selling at this point
Banksy print prices are skyrocketing. Do you plan to buy some Banksy art?
Webull works for GME, AMC!
Robin Hood and TD are manipulating the market
Hold the line
HOLD THE LINE THE WALLSTREET IS SCARED WHICH SHOWS US THE MOVE FROM „ROBINHEDGE“ GME ARE STILL AVALIBALE ON OTHER SIDES DONT LET THEM WIN
Can we sue brokerages for locking us out?
Trying to buy AMC and GME this morning and Robinhood no longer supports either...
It ain’t much, but it’s honest work
IF HEDGEFUNDS CAN BOYCOTT US Y CANT WE BOYCOTT THEM👅
we can’t take this u retards let’s plot a counterattack on these scum. remember keep buying GME, BB, NOK and AMC. LETS GET TO THE MOON
How to switch from RH ASAP!?
Robinhood has banned all of the stocks, what platform is still open and how do I transfer over.
DOGE
The crypto DOGE Is moving faster then it ever had right now
$HCMC @
Me whole day
Freshly Squeezed 🍋
Sign the Petition
Robinhood can change their name to "Hedge fund fuck boy" no GME, AMC OR NOK
How is this not being talked about!!!! Different brokers around the world are suspending $GME buy orders. They force you to sell or hold
Next GameStop. RYCEY ROLLS ROYCE
RYCEY to the MOON!!! they can’t stop us all!!!! Same concept different company.
T212 can go fuck itself
Processing img bwf72iaxu2e61...
I think I like it.
I have no clue about this! but this sh t is wiiiild!
I haven’t touched the market since back in early 2020, just stuck around here for the memes. You guys have sucked me in. I bought into the AMC hype. Today is another day to stick it to the hedge funds. TAKE ME TO THE MOON WSB

DOGECOIN we’re getting to a dollar
Already up 5 percent , we will hit 50 cents by the end of the week💸
RH bans buying GME AMC etc... interactive brokers is the best platform you can use ! here's a link for sign up!!

It's TIME to boycott ROBINHOOD!
The suits haven't played fair for decades, now they losing they tie they cry!
DO NOT FUCKING SELL. Blocking the purchase of stocks is the most desperate attempt we’ve seen so far.
NO FUCKING SELLING. STOCKS ONLY GO UP IF WE ALL HOLD AS WE SHOULD.   The fact that they pulled this shit with Robinhood and Trading 212 proves we are getting so very close to winning. Don’t be a fucking pussy.  Position: a few shares is all I got  1000$ GME
Jokes on you RH, already using all my margin, can’t buy more even if it was allowed. I was here to HOLD, i’m here to HOLD and i’ll HOLD. NO SELLING.
Use sofi to buy gme! I think you can buy fractional shares unlike webull if thats what you want to buy!
I'm getting rid of my robinhood account after this
This is a Revolution
Holdddddd. Do not sell! If you sell, they win. These hedge funds and big suits have no idea what the internet is capable of. Robinhood has blocked GME, AMC, BB, NOK from being traded. Hold your positions, get on different traders and buy more! Take these guys down. Show them how much of a lack of control they really have. Go and give Robinhood 1 star in the App Store. TOGETHER, MONKE IS STRONG!
FUCK ROBINHOOD!! Is this even legal ? What’s another broker I can use ? GME, NOK, AMC
$NOK is going crazy
Go to other Platforms and buy the shit out of it.
AA pre market
AA pre mkt 25$ buy 🔥🔥
Give RH one star in app stores!
Can’t buy AMC, BB, GME, NOK!  Let’s move all the mountains!
STOCK APPS
Guys what app can I use to join this, I’m new here...
NOK BUYERS STILL HERE
MAKE SURE YOU HOP IN NOK RIGHT AT OPEN AND DONT SELL IT. WE TAKING OFF TODAY.
BOYCOTT ROBINHOOD
HOLDHOLDHOLD
GME AND AMC HOLD AND BUY AT THE DIP.   If your app is down, cashapp will let you buy AMC
Time to wear our success !
Next multibagger Jackpot - ALGW - Alpha Growth Fund founded to provide dedicated advisory services in longevity assets to institutional and family office investors seeking uncorrelated returns within efficient investment structures. It got recently listed in OTC and is actively traded in AIM.
If anyone is looking for another penny stock to make good money, then check this out.  Please do your own research in detail.
KEEP BUYING SILVER FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, SHINY METAL GOOD
RobinHood is shut down for buying now
What’s the move FAM?
Robinhood NO LONGER supports buying shares for GME, AMC, BB!
They’re trying to bring us down, fuck them, they will learn soon enough who they started fucking with. GME IS THE FCKN WAY BOYSSSSS.     IM NOT NO GOD DAMN CONSULTANT AND THIS AINT INVESTMENT ADVICE!!!!
I am shocked and disappointed.
Not with this community, not with everyone doing there part, but with the influence Hedgefonds have over the media. And how easily the media is bought of by them.  You guest it, this is about GME  I normally just watch what’s going on and don’t post anything but now I feel the need of saying what’s on my mind.  I am in this group for about 18 months now, and I just love how informative, fun, direct and rude yet supportive this community is. Never have I ever read anything political or discriminatory in here. Sure the tone sometimes gets rough, but that is just what we are, a bunch of retards...  This morning they nearly had me, I nearly proved my  🤲, I somehow was expecting more of the morning marked and I considered selling, because I thought that was is... but then I could not believe the shit they spun together in the media about this being an alt right group... WTF!!! All the shit they came up with the last couple of days, but that was it for me. Call me naive, but I never thought it’s like on tv, where the hedgefundpeople have so much sway of the media...   For me it was perfect timing, the  🤲 are now back, and with a different agenda then just making money. Let’s burn a hole in their pockets, let’s take there money, let’s show history that the shit they pull can not stand and the system they build is not just for there gains and winnings!  GME is the way they gave us to do just that.  I do think there will be time to buy everything else back, once this is done and that is why I will give it all I have got left!!!  and I do hope many more will come to the same conclusions I had...  Bring this baby to the      🌕
Robinhood wears a suit.
Listen up my fellow smooth-brained, moon-rocket-riding autists.   Turns out that shithead Robinhood is in league with Prince John and the Sheriff of Nottingham. After seeing how fast your   was going, they decided to not allow you to be able to refuel!   Luckily, there's other guys out there that want to see you succeed and will sell you the fuel for your  .   Not going to post which ones due to concerns this will be treated as advertisement. But don't be a fucking iBear.  Obligatory
I WANT TO FILE MY TAXES
How do you do my fellow homosexuals,  For personal reasons, I want to file my taxes right now.  I made some gains on robinhood this year and have to file them.  Only problem is robinhood doesn't release their 1099 tax forms until February 16th???  What the fuck do I do?        Also side note keep holding you beautiful fuckers we're making history   Fuck         Melvin
WEIBULL IS A FREE TRADING BROKER WHICH HAS NOT BLOCKED ANY STOCK - BETTER THAN ROBINHOOD.
BUY AND HOLD $AMC $GME $NOK
RIP Trading212
Robinhood has stopped all trading of. Gme and many more class action lawsuit time
It seems as though Robinhood is blocking people from buying additional shares of certain stocks. I guess capitalism and the free market only apply to the rich!
Robinhood seems intent on market manipulation (allegedly) lets all give them bad reviews until they get their shit together
Robinhood basically only allowing you to close $gme positions you cant purchase any $gme are they tryna trigger a panic sale ?? Wtf
🚨🚨🚨LINK TO SEC COMPLAINT FORM 🚨🚨🚨
WE DON’T LIKE THE FRAUD
How to response to Robinhood! DONT LET THEM WIN OR GET AWAY WITH THIS!
DONT SELL, HOLD.  We can still buy at other places, dont let them use their power to win.  RATE ROBINHOOD 1 STAR!  DONT LET THEM GET AWAY WITH THIS!  FIles a complaint to teh SEC   this is BS  HOLD BOYS, we aint at the moon yet!
Wall Street Bets - Official Music Video - "We're Levitating"

THEY CANT FUCKING CANCEL CRYPTO. DODGECOIN TO THE FUCKING MOON
$5000 is not a meme
Keep the Faith
I’m still up on my AMC stock even after Robinhood forced people to sell and cancelled orders. If this is not a sign that we’re stronger now more than ever then I don’t know what is. HOLD! Blast through the SELL WALL.
GME not supported on RH anymore?
I see it pre-market, but it says it’s no longer supported on RH...
I've been here for 3 minutes, where do I throw this money at and am I rich yet?
Fuuuuck AMC
I feel for our Canadian traders. Wealthsimple is simply terrible, no good features, lacking so many basic things for a good trading app.
Yep. WealthSimple fucking sucks when you see what Americans have.  1. No After-Market or Pre-Market trading (which Webull has) (Id have a lot of money rn if they had this)  2. 1-3 business days for deposits, ordered $200 yesterday, wont come until Feb 1st (Americans have Robinhood Instant)  3. No fractional shares (you HAVE to buy a full share on wealthsimple or you can fuck off) (Robinhood and Webull both have fractional shares)  4. Cannot transfer funds between TFSA and Personal, vice versa. (How the fuck is this not an option yet?) (Can’t buy a gme share because of this)  5. 15 minute delays in displaying updated data for stocks (come the fuck on literally everyone else has this)  Im moving to Questrade.
I missed the Boat
MAN, I wish I invested last week at $3 a share! For almost two decades I’ve struggled to pay back horrible student loans from America’s biggest predatory lender, Navient (formerly Sallie Mae). The Art Institute and Sallie Mae were the two biggest mistakes of my life. Schools really need financial classes to inform for those of us who were first time college students how these loans work and how to get financial freedom in general.   I know other people feel me. Happy to see you guys and gals sticking it to someone. Hopefully one day I can miraculously pay them and move on with my life.   Keep fighting the good fight. 👊🏻👍🏻
Robinhood banned your GME call and buy? FUCK IT AND HOLD
And if you still have money left from robbing your wife’s boyfriend, buy $AMC for sending it TO LUNAR     (No financial advice, just a retarded autist)
Robinhood getting strings pulled by Citadel, exchanges, other HFs
What we are seeing is absolutely criminal. The strings are likely being pulled not by robinhood directly but by firms who stand to lose the most from this continuing. Robinhood wouldn’t exist without MMs like Citadel who front run us and take tendie taxes. Citadel is likely behind this along with a consortium of other HFs/MMS and potentially even the exchanges (NASDAQ ceo said just yesterday trading should be halted to let investors “reposition”). They reposition, get to safety, and leave the general public holding the bag. What we are seeing is orchestrated manipulation by the same firms who time and time again suck value from the system and leave everyone else standing naked. This must stop. HOLD STRONG.
Gme is available on Etoro!
If you want to buy more positions for Gme checkout Etoro. Fuck you Robinhood as they removed Gme from market...
DO NOT GIVE IN TO THE ELITIST CORPOS!! DO NOT GIVE IN! THIS IS OUR CHANCE TO SHOW WE ARE BETTER THAN SOME OLD DUDE CORPO SCUM!!
So do not sell gme, nok, bb, or anything else robinhood kept you from buying
TIME TO SHOP AT MACY'S
I'M NOT SELLING. They're trying to force the price down!
There's no need to panic sell your positions back right now. It seems like brokerages are trying to protect hedge fund by limiting how many people can buy shares of companies they like! They're attempting to funnel wealth away from retail investors. Don't let them bully you out of participating in free market activities they regularly take advantage of! Holding shares of $G ME $B B and $AM C   I like these stocks and support their business! Seems undervalued to me.
Review bombing apps
Apps like robinhood are using their platform to protect hedge funds and screw us over. Feel free to go into the app store and review bomb them and any other app that is blocking the purchase of stocks. Leave a 1  and a message of their corruption.
You boys like NSPR?
I like NSPR
ROBINHOOD REMOVES GME FROM APP
RH HAS DECIDED THAT IT STANDS WITH THE HEDGE FUNDS. SOME POLITICIANS BELIEVE THAT THERE IS TOO MUCH INFORMATION AVAILABLE TO THE GENERAL PUBLIC. BUT WE WILL CONTINUE TO HOLD. WE LIKE THE STOCK    🤲
Talking badly about Robinhood blocking GME, AMC, NOK, and BB will get you silenced on Twitter. Do not denigrate our overlords
SNDL
Hedge funds managers can sit down together and manipulate the market. How is that fair? How come nobody blocks them from buying? We the people that builds this country are just allowed to loose bc of them? How is that fair?
Robinhood Restricting Trading - Contact your elected officials in Congress and the Senate - This is Market manipulation!
Tweet them, email them, call them. Do not let our ability to trade be silenced!
Wow Robinhood 🖕
WHAT DO WE DO?
Do I sell my AMC, NOK, and NAKD stocks???? Or is it still gonna    ??
We hold!!!! GME,AMC,EXPR,NOK! to the moon!
restricting trading?
Can't see gme or amc on Robin Hood.
Everyone hop on and spam these corrupt assholes and demand the respect we deserve. I LIKE THIS STOCK I AM NOT FUCKING SELLING
My deposited funds finally reflected on my trading app, should I buy in on AMC or BB?
I'm using wealthsimple cuz thats the only free shit Canadians can use sadly, or maybe I havent dug enough. I would like to join the fight? Should I buy into AMC or BB? I dont have as much in my account to even afford one stock of GME, so AMC and BB are my options rn.
Class Action Lawsuit
Many platforms have banned GME, BB, AMC, NOK, etc  Clearly this is illegal We need to file a class action lawsuit because this is clearly wrong
HOLD HOLD HOLD GME
PROUD OF YOU ALL💪
Whatever happens today or tomorrow , I’m proud of all of you for standing out as a group and as a community .You accomplished something special , you broke the code in wich only some were benefitting from it . You sent a clear message that we are no longer a group of sheep ‘s .  Now we need to maintain our legacy and keep holding
SNDL Thank you!!!!!!
I woke up to over $1!!!!!  THANK YOU 🙏🏽 THANK YOU 🙏🏽 THANK YOU!    WSB has made me a believer.  Now let’s kick this into overdrive!!!!!!
What is this shit?
WHERE CAN I BUY GME  TODAY ?
we bull and etrade have 2-3 business day approval, i need GME now!!!
Tossed 1k into GME at 450
Monkey see, monkey do     I'm gonna fucking cry
NAKD- NAKED BRAND GROUP LIMITED
To the moon and beyond🚨🚨
Comprehensive list of alternative trading platforms
Please try to get this to the top, and post every trading platform that is not blocking WSB specific trades.  A flood of new accounts should stop them from following suit.
Sue Robinhood
You can no longer buy GameStop stock on Robinhood. Ditto Nokia, AMC, and all the other stocks that had been shorted.  The free market is only free until rich people lose money.
How should I distribute $120?
How should I distribute $120 between GME and AMC? I turned 18 today and wanna hop on the wave real quick. I got Robinhood so I can do fractional shares as well. Let me know!
My alternate play is ATOS
280 shares and I’m a bout to load up and some calls. It was recently almost to $4 and now just over $2   Let’s ride the   to the   boys
HOW CAN YOU BUY IF NOT ALLOWED?!
Just wanted to say...
Keep up the fight!
Robinhood no longer supports GME and AMC
Trick: How to buy GME On RH
RH is blocking GME on search screen . If you own options or any past orders on RH , you can view GME stock from there and place orders .
The financial equation to end all financial equations DISCOUNTED MEME FLOW
The value of a business is simply the value of it's future meme flows. - Warren Buffett  We've brought about a new era of investing. Done are the days of boomers discounting cash flows. We are DISCOUNTING MEME FLOWS.  To find the value, take the meme flow of the final year, multiply it by (1+ long-term meme growth rate in decimal form) and divide it by the discount meme rate minus the long-term meme growth rate in decimal form.  Tldr: memes are the only way to tendie town. Keep the memes coming
People posts being removed?
Is it the moderators or an outside entity removing all these posts that aren’t even bad?
Robinhood stating they are not supporting certain stocks anymore. Ctrm, sndl, nakd. Nok and gme still supported.
Robinhood
Lets just hope this is just a "Pre Market" thing and once the market opens we'll be able to invest again. Key word HOPE.  ALSO HOLD GME
cash app
cash app work boys
Can I get into this from EU?
Hey guys, can I get into this somehow via EU? Any guides you recommend?
Can't stop won't stop
Close Robinhood and join a real broker
Robinhood prevent us from buying some of these short squeeze stonks clearly they are trying to cover the  hedge funds guy.
GME hold/ buy more
Hold --> for sure! Thinking about buying again GME and Naked Brands!
IAG IBEX35 today
If any of you have money left after today's catastrophe, try $SHMP. It's a real   with actual news and credentials.
Rank   Symbol   Count   % Change   Price  1      AMC      303                   2      NOK      178                    3      NAKD     50                    4      ATVK     31                    5      GNUS     26                     6      ALPP     13                     7      KOSS     12                    8      SNDL     12                     9      HCMC     10                  10     SHMP     9                     11     PTTN     8                   12     EXPFF    8                      13     ATOS     7                      14     SIGN     6                    15     UAPC     6                    16     ZOM      5                      17     CTRM     5                     18     DARE     5                      19     ACRX     4                       20     CHEK     4                      21     TV       4                       22     OZSC     4                     23     NAK      3                     24     DPLS     3                   25     JAGX     3                      26     WTRH     3                       27     TIPS     3                   28     RLFTF    3                      29     CBBT     3                     30     DMNXF    3                    31     NGL      3                       32     RVVTF    3                      33     RIG      3                      34     TSCRF    3                       35     GTXO     3                    36     AITX     3                     37     EXPR     3                     38     XELA     3                      39     OPTI     3                     40     VS       3
HOOOLLDDDD!
Just HOOOOLD
No more gme
Gme is gone on robin hood, whats the next target boys
I AM A RETARD
I sold 30 shares the other day, during the massive sell down.  I realized that my risk tolerance outweighed my FOMO.  I “cut my losses” for a loss of $1200, which was 15 percent of my portfolio.  F-ing paper hands.  I was sick to my stomach watching it moon the next day.  So I bought back in like a true retard.  A whopping   shares at 295.  Buy high and sell low, that’s how we do it right?!?!  It’s not much, but I’m along for the ride now.    Then WSB went dark.  Ohhhhh boy.  I thought it might be over.  Some hedge fund guy just sent the mods a few cool million to tank WSB.  I knew if I held it’ll work out though.  The shorts are still there.  The market forces are still there as long as I held my    shares.  I knew if WE ALL HELD, we’d all be okay.    Well I DID HOLD you retards.  I held with   haven’t felt this alive in a long while.  What a group!    WE LIKE THE MODS  WE LIKE THE STONK
Viacom??
What will happen with Viacom? Is it the next target?
You can transfer Shares out of Robinhood
It costs a one time fee of $75, but you don’t have to deal with the BS they put their users through ever again.  WeBull and ETrade are a couple viable alternatives that have free trades, and who haven’t put up any restrictions through all of this. I’m sure there are more.
Yo they closed down GME stocks on robinhood :(
i can't buy more :((
Robinhood Blocked Several Short Float Stocks
can’t be legal????
APRN has huge short positions by hedge funds. If price goes to 100$, hedge funds bleed and the company will only be valued at 1B. LFG!!!
Right now
Robinhood blocking stocks from trading
Everyone should cancel their Robinhood and transfer their stocks else where!
Next Victim (TNXP)
Everyone buy TNXP and let's make millions.
Gamestonks fallout?
Hey I am very new to this sub but I can tell I love the vibe here. I am fairly new to stocks and only do long term trading so I may be wrong when it comes to this but I have a question.    We saw that the company that bet on gamestop losing got sniffed out and in my opinion got their just desserts while the little people who invested won which is awesome. How do we avoid another company seeing this and try to manipulate this sub to do something similar but instead that company will  gain while we lose?   I believe this is plausible because Wallstreet has done this before (remember 2008) and I believe they will do it again. I know there are plenty of smart people on here who will see that kinda shit but what keeps the other side from flooding this sub from bots suffocating good advice? I really like this sub and think this is something important to consider for the future.
Robinhood removed $NOK $GME etc.
GO TO WeBULL IF ROBINHOOD WON'T LET YOU BUY MORE
Webull is still allowing trades keep up the fight, don't let these tickets win.
ROBINHOOD NO LONGER ALLOWS BUYING OF GME AND AMC STOCK AND OPTIONS FOR THIS FRIDAY
Them doing this means we are winning. They are “protecting” us from an increased volatility that could affect our accounts. Oh noooooo. I’m sorry fuck off. We are not some group of idiots who can’t handle a bit of volatility and risk. WSB was founded on risk taking. We all are willing to lose our money to make a point and bring change to Wall Street. It’s become clear that the only group not capable of handling risk and lose is the hedge funds. I’m sooooo sorry you took a position of finite gain and infinite risk and then doubled down when you were wrong and then doubled down again. So now when you realize that you are royally screwed you have the media call us the bad guy. You have the trading platforms limit our ability to do anything except help you and sell. This is bullshit  TL;DR It’s clear that hedge funds are unable to handle risk and therefor shut us out of the market.   diamond hand and hold. They are screwed if we do
Robinhood makes some $GME and $AMC options "closing only." They don't want retail investors to manage their OWN money, only allowed for institutional investors for now.
Robinhood won’t let you buy additional $GME stocks
Help Linking Account to Robinhood
I have use a small bank that isn't listed on Plaid. Robinhood support says that you have the option to add a bank not on the list. I only see the option to search.  Has anyone else been through this?
The great meme stock wars
If the MM are forcing trading apps to do their dirty work, they must be absolutely DESPERATE!!!   Hold the line mongos!
What do I do, I have a Td account and need help.
I have an TD Ameritrade account and I just heard they are against what we are doing and have restricted the trading of GME. Now I don’t plan on trading GME because I don’t have the money but should I still switch to something else and how and to what should I switch to.
Robinhood stopped supporting GME, AMC, NOK, NAKD, and CTRM !!!
Hey boyzz!! Idk if anyone noticed this yet but Robinhood all of the sudden today stopped supporting buying GME, AMC, NOK, NAKD, and CTRM.  NOT only do they provide us with shitty service because it's "free" they will also stab us in the back like this. The last time I checked, stocks were a free market where people can buy whatever the hell they want. I will be taking my money elsewhere.  If a market faker was behind the move in these stocks, RH would've never stopped supporting these stocks.
Robinhood closed buy options. Hold shares but use Webull app to buy more.
Corpos got to Robinhood. I’m holding what shares I have in the stock I like but opening an account with Webull to buy more. I’m not even going to post the promotional link that gives me a free stock if you sign up through it, because this isn’t about me.
For everyone asking questions about what to do... it’s pretty simple.
Is there a possibility to start a lawsuit against brokers?
They can’t keep blocking us out from buying certain shares.  Or sell.
Robinhood
They're trying to make us close our positions to move them to other brokers!  Criminals!! More suits trying to rig the system!     TD still allows trading on these stocks right now time to get out the back up accounts!!
ELITISTS ARE STRONG-ARMING ROBINHOOD TO SCARE EVERYONE TO SELL — DO NOT SELL 😎  GLORIOUS DAYS AHEAD
They want us to panic and sell!! Hold the fucking line!!!!
They want the stock as cheap as possible for tomorrow. Fuck Robinhood, fuck the establishment! This is their last play before tomorrow. Let’s go to the mutha fucking mooon and beyond
WTF RH
$NAK and $SIRI looks like good alternatives to $NOK in the meantime
Robinhood and others preventing purchase
Record everything you can, anyway you can, over the next 24 hours as it pertains to your ability to buy GME.  Robinhood aren’t allowing purchase - this is class action lawsuit material of interstellar proportions.  One star them on your App Store and mention what they’ve done to us, the retards.
Real talk, what do we do in these circumstances? I’ve never seen a better example of market manipulation in the almost year I’ve been trading.
HOLDDDDDD
Robinhood Loophole
Robinhood is partially blocked! In the app you cannot buy, only sell, but on the desktop version, you can buy. KEEP ON BUYING!!
How are all you hackers doing after ruining that poor mom and pop shop melvin
Buy more never sell
taking BB NOK ERIC to the moon like GME
If you have a minute, go and rate Robinhood 1 star for clear market manipulation and shady business practices. Among the other things they do like sell your order flow to MM's.
As you guys are probably aware, Robinhood is now disallowing the purchase of stocks like GME, AMC, BB, BBBY, NOK, NAKD among others. They have caved in to the institutions and are trying to fuck their users over. Fuck them.   Report them, take screenshots, rate them 1 star. But most importantly, start making the transition to a real broker and don't fucking sell.
RH not letting ppl purchase GME AMC NOK the list goes on. This is BS. Let’s build a brokerage!!!
This is fucking BS!!!! Let’s build a brokerage that lets ppl actually buy what they want, doesn’t favor the wealthy so little guys like me with under 25k can make more than 3 day trades a wk and doesn’t take 4 fucking days to settle funds   MY MONEY!!!!   I’ve already built an app that lets me share all of my investment portfolios and positions in real time w my friends, but f-it we should just build the whole damn brokerage!
What’s hapenning?
What’s hapenning right low? What should I invest in? Crypto or fairs?
Robinhood shenanigans.
Robinhood not allowing me to buy more stonk.
Down from   this morning. Movement!!
No restrictions
Welthsimple working fine, no restrictions.
Next
$Mkd sont miss potentially  9
We will win.
Fuck RH- an app literally named after a hero that took from the rich and gave to the working class, ceased buy orders on the one stock responsible for enormous transfer of wealth and more importantly, power to retail investors. A true free market economy should reign free of market politics.
Robinhood has betrayed us. Don't sell yet but when you have sold you should move brokers.
Robinhood glitch or nah
Is it me or is robinhood not allowing anyone to buy bb amc or nok? If they have to stoop that low they have reached a new level of sadness.
Natural Mystic
When someone said COVID will change everything, it meant everything will be changed. This movement is definitely not about money, but a retrieval of power by the many people who are often at the mercy of a few privileged. It is definitely a socio-economic phenomenon, but 70/30 socio, more than economic. Ofcourse the economic is a consequence, much welcome one at that, of the underlying drivers.
Why can I post
I haven’t been in for 3 months somethings fishy
Trading212 has blocked buying of GME and AMC
Robinhood Removes GameStop, AMC; Puts Notice On Pages Saying 'You Can Close Out Your Position On This Stock, But You Can Not Purchase Additional Shares'
Buy BB!! Now 💳
Buy BB!! Now 💳
Best trading app ?
Want to move out of robinhood, was thinking of either E Trade or CSchwab. Wanted to find out with the other retards here what's best.
Hate to say this.. But we NEED ELON MUSK to DEFEAT ROBINHOOD!!! tweets RN! if RH id not with us... It's AGAINST US! this is WAR!
We need papa Elom Musk to destroy RH for not allowing us trading the good stuff.. IT'S TIME MFS! this isn't about money anymore! It's about the message! BUY HIGH, NEVER FUCKIN SELLING!
Robinhood: one that robs the poor and gives to the rich.
That is all. One star.
New Trust Registered in Delaware
Fuck em
VYNE needs some loving. To the moon
Robinhood is no longer allowing users to purchase additional GME stock — only closing out is allowed. Never before has it been this costly to have 📄  . HOLD HOLD HOLD!
Quick clarification for Financial Times (journalists, please read!)
fuck nazis.
HOLD   🤲
Who cares about RH it will have to let us back in at some point stop selling it’s working!!! GME
DO NOT SELL!!! THE REAL EARNINGS ARE COMING NEXT WEEEK!!! I WANT YOU ALL TO POST GAINS LIKE THIS!!! NOW FUCKING BUY AND HOLD
To r/wallstreetbets, from someone that's never traded a stock.
(Made this account just to post.)  You all inspire me.  I've been following this community for about 6 months now. I've never got involved in the stock market but this sub always stuck out to me. When I hear the countless stories or when I browse the countless posts on this sub, it'll get a smile out of me. A lot of times you've gotten a laugh out of me. Over time, I grew to respect all the members of this sub.  Now, with this whole $GME thing, you've gotten more than a smile out of me. People always wrote this sub off as "just another obscure reddit group" or something else putting it down. Well, you've shown how "just another obscure reddit group" can go out there and take on the people who have taken so much from ordinary people. You've made wall street (and probably the rest of the world) take notice of what people like you can do. You've shown me that ordinary people really can do extraordinary things.  The world can be so unfair sometimes but things like this can make it just a little better.  Thank you, WSB. Keep going strong.
Ladies and gentlemen, we got 'em.
Dogecoin?
Is this worth investing in? I know it’s sort of a joke, but with the way crypto is going I’ve got no idea.
NXTD still on robinhood for   a share.
NXT-ID is a security company that operates on the internet of things and is still available on robinhood for some huge gains.
GME down on Robinhood. Looks like Webull is working
Webull still the option to buy. Use Webull to buy more stocks of GME!
Robinhood not allowing purchase of AMC
NOK IS DIPPING! IM GOING IN! TO THE MOON!!!!!!!!!
So NOK today?
Robinhood no longer supporting AMC, GME, or BB
Just tried to buy some more GME and i got a message that I could close out my position but could no longer buy more shares. What’s up with that?
Is it all over for NOK?
Taken off RH, price is tanking. Hold I suppose?
Switch To Webull! Robinhood blocking trades.
Fuck you robinhood!! Everyone jump on Webull.
Don't Know How to Help
Felt like helping a good cause even though don't have much but I don't know who or where to invest in, as Robinhood can't be used
Get in to the GME just like Jungle🐊🦅🐘
I've got GME at 445.. It was difficult to get into the premarket today. Please cheer up for me. Let's go to $5K~!!!
Robinhoods are frauds
Lmao
DO NOT UPDATE YOUR ROBINHOOD APP!!!
If you update the app, you will potentially be locked out of even selling your current stocks, regardless, HOLD!!!
Am so made up by the Pi’s
I am so glad the Pi’s are sticking it to the large hedge funds who walk great companies share prices down for their own greed and profit, too long has the mm’s ability to manipulate stocks on companies that are doing so well and have got great intentions for the world, gone on. Shorting on a company to fail is so wrong, just so that they can buy a third home in Malibu or a bigger yacht. More should be done to protect great companies with great foundations
Should we boycott all these apps and companies like Robinhood who are engaging in market manipulation right now?
Where do we go next?
When WSB inspire you to be investor
And you realize that you only have 136$ left in your poket and don't know what to do. Go with the flow or wait for their next target. Thank you all WSB community/bros for inspiring me to get in stock and free myself from this Corrupt world and to spread fucking message. And I will trun my 136$ into 10k-20k by end the end of this year yeah.   Thank you once again WSB community BROS Kind regards  MrHaku_
PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUCEMENT: YOU CAN STILL BUY BLOCKED ROBINHOOD AND TD STOCK ON THEIR WEBSITES, BUYING IS ONLY BLOCKED ON THE APP
Edit: mods if this is misinformation please delete
Bringing GOLD to the moon!
Global banks have been shorting gold and silver.  Good next move investment?
HOLD THE LINE
Buy GME on Webull
First time poster here! With all the craze that trading platforms aren’t allowing retail investors to trade GME, I’m here to say Webull is an alternative option for trading platform
Cancel Robinhood. RH screenshot? BAN.
Fuck RH
GME removed from Robinhood. What do you all think?
They removed GME from Robinhood. When the men in suits influence prices its ok. Here all Ive seen was people posting their gains. Next they may try to get rid of us. I didn’t even get in on the stock, I didn’t realize it would spike. I just want each of you to think of what this means, what they think of us, where they want us, and how much power we hold together as we the people! This is but one place, just think if we United in all aspects across this great nation. But doesn’t need to be limited to here. ❤️ for all people across the world.
EXPR 🚨🚨🚨 THE NEXT PUSH
HOW DO I GET IN ON THIS?
I can semi-comfortably drop $500 on this, and I want to help, but I don't know how. What app(s) do I use? What  specifically  do I do? Any help is appreciated!
I may be new here, but I appreciate you all. THE FUTURE IS NOW
What   to choose AMC, BB, NOK ?
We can MAKE THIS HAPPEN!  📈
I don't know what I'm doing with stocks. But you guys are FUCKING AWESOME!
You guys are showing a powerful message and I'm proud to see it!  Keep going! I'm proud of you all!
“The White House is investigating”
Uber and American Airlines
Here the clock starts
Who all with me ??? #leavingrobinhood .
Let’s move to webull . I m moving all my orders to webull . Don’t panic and sell
Fuck Robinhood
Think it’s time to boycott Robinhood they clearly chose their side !
Robinhood one star rating
Everyone should give robinhood a one star rating for not letting us buy into gme amc etc anymore
ROBINHOOD IN A NUTSHELL
ROBINHOOD IN FAIRY TALE: STEALS MONEY FROM THE RICH AND GIVES IT TO THE POOR  ROBINHOOD IRL: STEALS FROM THE POOR, PROTECTS THE RICH, SECURE THE BAG FOR ITSELF
DO NOT SELL!!! THE REAL EARNINGS ARE COMING NEXT WEEEK!!! I WANT YOU ALL TO POST GAINS LIKE THIS!!! NOW FUCKING BUY AND HOLD
AAL
Stocks making the biggest moves in the premarket: American Airlines, GameStop, Apple & more
where can you buy gme
gme is unlisted everywhere where can i buy
NUGT NUGT
NUGT NUGT NUGT NUGT
LET’S ALL REVIEW ROBINHOOD 1 ⭐️
FUCK THOSE RETARDS
Remember the kind of people behind Melvin Capital
Processing img hyu212kot2e61...    Processing img sijih3tkt2e61...   Company culture starts at the top. SAC, where Melvin Capital's CEO worked, and who invested part of $  billion to bail out Melvin, probably ACTIVELY hired such Wall Street Psychopaths and probably viewed this kind of aggression as a positive. Mr. Plotkin himself got away with a thing or two:    :   "During his time at SAC Capital, he was the recipient of illegal insider information according to federal prosecutors.[\  "  These bastards don't deserve kindness. Stab the daggers in. Buy $GME, $AMC, $BB, and anything else they are Short. Instruct your broker that the shares are not available for lending. FINISH THEM.
RH took GME/AMC down for trading
So what are we supposed to do now?! A lot of newer investors go to RH because it’s so easy to use. Not everyone can use WeBull or figure it out. I personally have always used WeBull. So what are these people supposed to do who flooded in from RH and various others that are now blocked from trading those STONKS?
So what do we do now?
RH not   apps taking too long to approve or deposit funds?? Did what we buy last night mean nothing?
Whaddup re re’s.. I think I found a loophole
Okay so I’m pretty dumb so don’t make fun of me or I just might cry.   As you know robincuck has stopped the purchase of all of our favorite stonks. These mofos will pay. I’m not sure how but wow I’m blown away what a bunch of pussies.   If you buy options can’t you exercise the option to buy stocks? I feel like that could be a pretty good loophole. Just buy options and exercise them!!
"And he wept, because there were no more rockets to conquer"
Barstool just called out Robinhood.
Just saw on CNBC that Dave Portnoy is calling out Robinhood on blocking AMC and GameStop
Trade 212 UK has disabled buying GME, as I was about to buy, sad times
Just went to pick up some GME for the cause. I think it’s working!
“Robbing-hood” is the epitome of a living irony. I don’t know how the fuck this is 1) legal and 2) justifiable by the SEC. HOLD THE LINES BOYS
USE RH DESKTOP !!
GUYS ITS STILL WORKING !! JUST USE THE DESKTOP VERSION !!! HOLD STRONG MY FRIENDS !!
How much you wanna bet Melvin paid off Robinhood to shutdown our gainzzz, not going to work
Need help with brokers! Wanna buy GME
Guys if anyone knows a decent broker that allows me to trade in small amounts, allows Colombian nationals and doesn’t have a long queue of a background check.  Also it’d be great if it has all GME AMC NOK and BB stocks.  I want to contribute to the effort of bleeding dry those hedge fund pigs, and making some cash for myself in the process, even if only to buy a new pair of shoes :P
$NIO & $BNGO .. We’ll Wait 👀👀👀👀
Now we're Nazis????
I’m not selling a single GME share until Melvin and every other HF that sold short goes on National TV and tells me what I want to hear.
NKLA
NKLA         $40!        Nikola is the new GME
What to do about the spread across GME, NOK, AMC?
I've been doing some light trading for awhile now and I came because I like the stocks.     But I'm getting concerned about what I should be doing. Should I spread across, focus GME, or focus another?     I'm not asking for financial advice. I'm asking for your opinions on the current state. I'm new here, I'm not a shill, and I just want to join the fleet that's going to the moon. :(
$TR aka Tootsie Roll only has 17m shares available and 46% are short. OVER 38 DAYS TO COVER. LETS GO SQUEESE THE SHIT OUT OF THEM!
$TR aka Tootsie Roll only has 17m shares available and 46% are short. OVER 38 DAYS TO COVER. if we get just a little bit of attention this thing will blow. The company is profitable for over 125 years, has a div, and people were shorting in the $30s. A classic case of hedge funds hold down a legendary American brand for no reason.      Processing img pwsnrlklu2e61...   THIS CANDY SUCKS SHIT AND NOBODY EATS THAT NASTY ASS TURD LOG IT'S A RELIC JUST LIKE THE MORONS INVESTING IN THE MARKET RIGHT NOW THE SHORTS ARE HITTING IT LET'S SQUEEZE THE FUCK OUT OF IT HERE WE GO TO THE FUCKING MOON  LET'S FUCK THEIR WIFE AND THEIR BOYFRIEND AND MAKE THEM CRY BECAUSE FUCK YOU THAT'S WHY.
EVERY PLATFORM IS BANNING THE FREE MARKET, WE MUST SHOW THEM WHOS BOSS - JUMP ON RITE AID, JAGX AND TRXC. THEY CAN SUCK MY BALLS
BB not supported on Robinhood anymore? They just cancelled my order on me.
GameStop on Air
Watching the news right now. Do you guys think the media is against the moves from yesterday?   I didn’t invest and am new to the page but I’m genuinely curious.
Am I doing this right?
Robinhood blocking trades?
Logged into robinhood this morning to see I only have the option to sell, not buy. I know they restricted after market trades but are they flat out removing GME, AMC, and others from the platform?
AND WE DON'T STOP COMIN'     AND WE DON'T STOP COMIN    AND WE DON'T STOP COMIN
They are trying to distract from $GME
What would happen if at a certain date we all pulled our money out of the stock market entirely
If all of us retards pulled all our money out at once at a certain date would it have any effect on the market?   Clearly there's a lot of manipulation going on with stocks being restricted from buying. Clearly money has no meaning.   What's next? Bail out of wallstreet and drive up crypto and somehow fuck the economy or is that out of our league.  Call me a retard if you want.
GME and AMC still on E - Trade. Go go go!
nok
everyone hop on the train!!!!! lets make nokia the next BB
GME gone from Robinhood
Went to put an order in for gme and it's not on robinhood at all. What are they trying to pull?
RH blocking GME AMC??
Is Robinhood block GME and AMC?
Posture Check
9   market opens for Robinhood. DO NOT SELL. You will be 1l0x rich holding. This is history goddammit.
I like AMC in for about 9 k looking to add. With such high short interest this should go up for awhile. Between ppp funds and low rates this company will make a big comeback. People will start going to the movies again soon.
KOSS 140 pre
Is this just another distraction. I'm holding GME until the end just taking notice is all.
$GME IS NO LONGER SUPPORTED ON ROBINHOOD! I have a buy pending, went to check on it and it says it’s no longer supported. My buy is still pending.
RH Class Action
If the 🤡s at RH have imposed restrictions on its users to BUY certain stocks such as AMC GME KOSS BB NOK etc., while at the same time allowing users to SELL those same stocks then that is market manipulation pure and simple.  THIS SHOULD BE MET WITH A HUGE CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT.  Who's in?
CHS - Do the math way overly shorted...
Alternative brokers for RH users
WEBULL  FIRST TRADE  M1 TRADERS  INTERACTIVE BROKERS  BETTERMENT  FIDELITY     PLEASE LIST MORE IN THE COMMENTS
Get Ready for the Shake DONT FUCKING SELL
They are setting up the next shake for paper hands. I know that some of you cannot buy, but that doesn’t mean you should sell. I am anticipating a small dip from these Melvin Fucks to shake and force paper hands. For those that can buy, I have a feeling this is the last time we will be able to.
What app am I supposed to use to trade? Every one I try won’t let me
Robin Hood isn’t on my App Store (probably because I’m from the uk idk) Stocks isn’t letting me trade, trading 212 isn’t letting me create an account, etoro isn’t letting me make an account.  I really want to get in on all this hype but no app is letting me, any suggestions would be appreciated.
GME short interest on Jan. 26 from Ortex (in case this has not been definitively posted)
I'm posting this for myself and others because I was confused by all the different numbers people were throwing around. Feel free to contribute other data if this is not the most accurate, but it's what my screen shows from January 26 release date.   Processing img 0mfk7ricu2e61...
How will history remember YOU? As a paper 📄 hand 🤝 or as   ? Let that sink in. Toto said it first, HOLD the line.  🦧 🦧🦧🐒🦧 🪐
I just really like the stock. This is also NOT financial advice.
HOLD MY BULLY BOYS HOLD
I woke up this morning with fire in my eyes and hope in my heart, ready to buy every last dip as we make these fuckers pay for their greed. Now RH has restricted my (everyone’s??) ability to buy the stock.  WE LIKE THE STOCK  This is our moment to show these bastards that we will not waver, we have   FUCKING  . This overt manipulation and resistance to the little guy making some money disgusts me.   WE LIKE THE STOCK  I’m not gonna lie, I joined this thread about a week ago as things were first looking saucy. At first I figured I’d make some quick money by riding the volatility. I sold 2 shares yesterday, and that will haunt me for the rest of my life. I thought, “hey, I’m a small player with only a few shares and a fuck load of debt, I should lock in a profit and hold what I have left.”   WE LIKE THE STOCK  A man can only admit when he has done wrong and seek forgiveness. So I bought another share yesterday when I realized this is more than just a moment, its a movement. I want to BUY THE DIPS but RH has apparently decided that I’m too stupid to understand volatility and that they are somehow protecting me from buying stock I like.   WE LIKE THE STOCK  The only thing left to do is hold. I failed you all once, I won’t let it happen again. See you all in the next galaxy
When you get a big whiff of $GME rocket fuel and boomer hedge fund money hitting your account this morning
I invested in CTRM, BB, AMC, & NOK last night on Robinhood. But now that those stocks aren’t supported anymore, should I withdraw???
Robinhood has succumbed
Robinhood
Yo I’m new at this got in late to the game but I’m in!! Do NOT sell!!! Robinhood isn’t allowing any more buying of amc, gme, expr etc..
Robinhood had delisted numerous stocks from GME to NAKD. This isn’t a free market. Make your voice heard and tank their reviews. You can still buy stocks on CashApp/Webull
ATTENTION ROBINHOOD, TD AMERITRADE TRADERS : DO NOT SELL GME, AMD. DO NOT GIVE THEM WHAT THEY WANT.
Robinhood and TD Ameritrade just restricted purchasing of GME and AMD. You can only sell, which is WHAT THEY WANT. DO NOT SELL.   SWITCH BROKERS, AND BUY MORE.  WE LIKE THE STOCK.
Penny stocks
Let’s add some penny stocks to this, because they have the money to affect gme but we have the money to affect penny stocks. Let’s become millionaires overnight by growing companies hedge funds haven’t look at yet, let’s kill them using their own game but use our rules
What about AAL??
Y’all know what to do!!
Try eToro you can still get NOK on there I believe
I can only close out position on Robinhood GME
Does this mean I should sell or hold. Don’t just say hold because
Robinhood Conflict of Interest???
How is this NOT ILLEGAL AS FUCK? Call the SEC, Call your congressmen!      Processing img 2bmbb7elu2e61...
$INO
$INO.  Victim of Citron.  Provider of game changing biotech.  Real scientists, real product and real hope.  Oh yeah, also lots of shorts just waiting to have their pockets picked.  Wednesday, January 27, 2021 • INO Short Interest Total volume = 49,836,144 (10-day average volume   Range = ( ,   Closing at   ( ,   Short Interest volume = 20,168,603 (  of total volume, 1 out of every   shares traded today was sold short) Counterfeit Short Interest volume = 5,141,389 (  of Short Interest volume) 1 out of every   shares (  traded today was a counterfeit. After Hours Ending 8:00 PM ET: 598,284 shares traded with a range of ( ,  , last trade (at 19:59:48) was 10 shares at   ( ,   (!) Short Interest = 56,066,088 Settlement Date January 15, a decrease of 72,619 (  from the 56,138,707 Settlement Date December 31 (updates approximately every 15 days, last updated today) Short Interest Ratio (Days to Cover) =   (based on today's volume) Short Interest Ratio (Days to Cover) =   (based on 10-day average volume)  As a free service for trolls and haters, I'll be giving the first thumb down on all my Daily Short Interest posts.
I was wrong about Robinhood
I am not a Robinhood user cuz im not US citizen.  From what happened just now about Robinhood, I feel they should be ashamed to use that name. Cuz I thought Robin Hood was a hero that rob the rich and give to the poor.  DONT WORRY BROTHERS, I WILL HOLD THE LINE FROM INTERACTIVE BROKER!!!!  HOLD THE LINE!!!HOLD THE DOOR!!! HODOR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Of course you are no longer allowed to buy more gme/bb/amc/nok stocks anymore on multiple apps, who do you think made these apps ?
You guys need to understand that a LOT of these trading apps are directly linked to hedge funds you are ruining right at this moment, if your current app/website doesn’t allow you to buy anymore, dont panic sell, hold it and if you want more tendies find another app that still allows the stocks to be bought, this however, should be illegal, how is a hedge fund allowed to limit its losses by closing down the entire free market from retails buyers so that the fat cats can play as they want ?
They won't let me buy, but I'm not selling.
GME NO LONGER SUPPORTED ON ROBINHOOD
WE ARE OUTSIDERS NOW
For the degen   IT TO THE MOOOOOON
Vote against More Regulation! the restriction under $25k On "the Little Guy" sucks- Leave us (Day traders) alone
I hear how they keep saying "protect the little gay" on CNBC, this fucking bullshit, they don't . They pretend they are, but "big bucks guys" manipulating prices all the time by dumping loads of shares against the trend/news/expectation and such,  thus creating long scary Red Candles to shake us out... this is the name of the game, this is the "Metrix" we all talking about.  \ \  undo the $25k Limitation Rule \ \
Hold Robin Hood accountable
Go leave a one star review on RH right now. They can’t be allowed to get away with this. If there’s one thing WSB has taught us we are family. They can’t take that away.
I will close my acc on robinhood. And everyone should do the same thing. It is our money and we use it the way we want to.. let them lose some business and forget about high ipo estimates.. dont sell
Can Still buy IDEX tho, #Rohbinhood
until we resolve this issue, we will need to work with others stocks now, let's expend our wings. IDEX is next #GreenRevolution #SavethePlanet let's go
The game is rigged, robinhood and other brokerages have restricted buying of GME and other stocks
How is this even legal? Do we have any recourse?? After everything is settled should there be a class action case because this is then trying to put the finger on the scale to benefit the short sellers. Let’s get a list of brokers going that we can sign up for and still buy on
PLTR'Ds Robinhood sent the flows to you
PLTR is still Robinhood approved
Since RH has removed the ability to buy more of the stock we been working on, lets not sell but let’s also move on to a different stock. SNDL BABYYYYY ITS AT $.97 rn, LETS GOOO
Still Phase 1
Hold the line boiss
Supposedly robinhood desktop is still operational. Will confirm shortly
What alternative options do people have to RobinHood? Is there a loophole to still find the blocked stocks on RH?
AMC 40-50 by close today!
Warning on GME. Once contrarian liquidity ceases to exist the liquidity cost will be huge. What you see on the screen won't reflect the fortune you are (not) going to be making.
My fellow retards,     GME reaches 2000$/share, or 42069$/shares. And then what? Most of you will have made a killing. Some of you will be millionaires. But you are going to be millionaires on the screen.     Once Melvin is dead, the shorts will have to sell their shorts to have bread in the evening and all options are ITM, then what? The trade is crowded and nobody is (short) selling. And suddenly nobody is buying. And then contrarian liquidity will cease to exist. And huge disruptions with order flows are likely to happen. We saw that to a non-negligible degree yesterday, we are seeing it today. And it's going to get worse.      GME is going to be worth gazillions on paper but you probably won't be able to sell until the price is much much lower. The liquidity cost most of you are going to incur is something you can't imagine right now and that the stock price on the monitor is and will be hiding. Some of you will have made the kind of fuck you money that allows you to live carefreely. Many of you will be left holding the bag.     I've been a fellow autist, mostly lurking, for over 5 years. Fuck Melvin, CNBC, and THEIR market manipulation. Long live WSB.       I think it's important for all to know this risk is there and is huge. Do things at your own risk!
Robinhood delisted NOK
Guys robinhood has decided to remove NOK of their list!!!!!!
PRTY NEXT DOOR
$znga is the next gaming GME. $10!!
Guys this thing is heavily shorted.  Also takeover rumours !  We can make this the next Gme   Hammer it today !!
Congratulations! However, has anyone heard from Ryan Cohen?
Welp. Looks like not even robinhood will allow us to buy gamestop stock anymore. So much for the free market.
Robinhood stopping us from buying stocks
How to transfer your entire account out of Robinhood
The link below goes to the robinhood site and tells you how to transfer your account to another brokerage since robinhood wants to team up with hedge fund instead of us.  Though they say it will cost $75 to transfer it you can get out of it.  Hold and fuck robinhood
"This is the new new   is the start of a new era..." - Reddit co-founder
Well ain't that a kick in the head. Woke up thinking I wanted to sideways screw the rich without lube but Robin Hood decide to be a pack of self care nuns.
ALTERNATIVE TRADING PLATFORMS
With the great RH betrayal, start making a list of all the ones that are working and still allowing trades! I saw a few out there but we can’t let them take this away!  We have to plan for the future moonbase!!!
"I can’t deny that I’m inspired by your passion. I want in."
Adma
ADMA only US plasma publicly traded company
Looks like Robinhood is trying to completely shut us out now
I can still view other stocks if I go through the list function, however making us go an alternate route by disabling the search function is playing dirty, like the German Empire in WW1.     Well guess what,     We are the Yanks with Shotguns coming to slam fire your entire trench section.
Noob Here
Hi All,  Im new to this investments and stocks things lol, where can I start? I just want to make some money for the future
GO GETEM BOIS
Time for ATIF and ATOS again. GME BB NOK AMC “no longer supported on Robinhood
Robinhood stop-trading GME BB NOK   to ride ATIF and ATOS up again. Big things coming for both companies.
What the fuck robin hooder i’am a korean.
Are you gays fuxking kidding me?   Are american stock traders communist?   Why they kill the buying button ?
Here’s why the stonks are going to explode today or tmr.
They made it on robinhood and other brokers so that gme and NOK cannot be bought. If everybody is holding and nobody is buying we will see a market manipulation by the hedge funds just like after hours last night. Do NOT SELLL. After hedge funds get rid of their positions the stock will
What is going on!!!!!!!!
So is anyone else get The message that Robinhood no longer supports  , NOK, NAKD...  WHAT IS GOING ON ... I put a order in for NAKD last night and it we through fine
Nokia
Nokia?
RH has limited us to only sell, email them tweet Elon, Chamath anyone who can help us fight for free market trade. 1 star their app.
Back in the good old days
The Retarded Cavalry Has Arrived!
Hey guys I am brand new to the market, but have enjoyed WSB for some time now. I got 500 bucks to throw away and if it hurts the suits I am all in! Can someone point to a guide or website to invest? Thanks retards.
CCL are the most short
Cant buy  GME  shares on RH
This morning RH is blocking purchases of shares of GME. I have a notice saying  > You can close out your position in this stock, but you cannot purchase additional shares.  Guess it's off to the Fidelity account, but WTF RH? Does anyone else see this or know why? Are they fucking us?   GME
First of all, this is one hell of a ride. The GME will only rocket into another galaxy.    Second, I am unable to hold my GME stocks.. please help!
BUY THEN HOLD  that is the plan, of course.   but I am somewhat retarded and can't find the fucking hold-button? it only says BUY and SELL where the hell is the hold button? I have already pressed the    -button and the Fuck Melvin-button but i cant find it, please help.     # Also, I like the stock             also i am not money-man, talk to money-man for financial advice
DONT SELL GME! HOLD THE LINE! DONT LET THEM WIN
Nokia push before weekend
Comon americans!! Let nokia be the new gme, we‘re hoping for you guys !!
It'll be interesting to see what the Biden does
I'm convinced that they'll pass a bill or an executive order making it so only those with 7 figure salaries or at least 3 houses or something are allowed to buy stocks. (My feelings are more towards politicians in general than towards any particular person or party). But it'll be interesting to see how they try to convince everyone that their still the party of "standing up for the little guy" and "down with the 1%". Probably some crap about how really they're just trying to protect us.
So much for buy more this morning,    from here on out boys!!!
THEY REMOVED GME, AMC and NOK— SNDL ALL THE WAY
Robinhood not support our trade. Fuck them 1 ⭐ on their reviews.
We need robinhood alot of our front lines are trading on robinhood. If we all one star them they may fear the loss of their company and bring it back we have time before the market opens.
DO NOT PANIC. WE ARE APPROACHING ENDGAME GME
I can see that a bunch of trading apps have removed the possibility of trading shares and options on GME, this seems crazy and is probably illegal but what the hell do I know - My point is this: IT DOESNT MATTER AS LONG AS YOU HOLD 🤚    Remember, there are som big names on our side, as well as institutional investors - I dont believe that these fuckers who are pulling the strings are straight up gonna rob other big institutional investors, because that is gonna get them into trouble - They have no issue trying to rob us though - THIS IS ANOTHER SCARE TACTIC. If we get scared and sell then we let them of the hook, but if we hold we can make them bleed. Those of you who can buy please buy every share you can because I like the stock     If there ever was a time for the shorts to pull out one last attempt/short attack it is TODAY or TOMORROW. WE ARE STILL GOING UP AS LONG AS WE 🤚      If they launch a short attack and the price rapidly decreases, IT DOESNT FUCKING MATTER AS LONG AS YOU HOLD 🤚🤚🤚     GME    This is not financial advice i simply like the stock. But I hate Melvin cap 🤮
What’s up with amc
Bought a 100 shares yesterday it’s up ⬆️ then it’s down
Corruption They’re tryna shut us down so the hedge funds win. AMC and GME might be down but NAKED BB and NOK are all still up let’s send them to the moon boys
GME, NOK, AMC arent supported by robinhood anymore?
I just got into stocks cuz of the whole gamestop thing, but i checked robinhood this morning and it says that gamestop, nokia, amc, and naked brand arent supported by robinhood and it doesnt let u buy shares? Anyone know why, or any other way to buy them
WTF!! CLASS ACTION AGINST ROBINHOOD TIME!
So apparently we can’t trade shit! I’m already down several hundred dollars will be thousands by today when options on BB were killing it! We need to lawyer up and sue the shit out of Robinhood!!
GameStop is no longer supported in Robinhood.
CBC says Melvin and Citron close on GME??
Hey all relatively new here, honestly didn't really read the guidelines just following the page so if im out of line with this ill accept it, but I read from CBC (Canadian) that Melvin and Citron closed out of GME. Has anyone else heard anything? Not selling just wondering what is happening?
Get ready to prepare for battle boys
I’m joining in aswell, HODL
ROBINHOOD Pulling AMC and GME
The big guys are scared.
ROBINHOOD BANNED GME, BB, AMC
Makes me want to trade platforms. Who do you guys recommend. Fuck Robinhood.
What happens if i had a call option for march on NOK and “rohbinhood doesnt offer it anymore”
WeBull
If Robinhood locked you out Use WeBull! Im still buying on WeBull!
Where is everybody buying stocks ? Now that robinhood has banned WSB stocks. Which platform allows immediate transfer of funds for immediate trading?
SNDL BEST BUY!!
now all ob $sndl
RobinHood
A lot of buying power is lost now. We need a new stock. Any suggestions?
Expr!!
I have not closed my position
That is all
OLDROW WSB Merch !!!
RH won't let me buy GME, AMC, NOK, OR BB
Gladiators - Are you ready!
Robinhood is Unavailable for Europeans - any other suggestions?
I see the clear strengths of using Robinhood, but as it is only available to   citizens, what apps would be the best for Europeans? Currently using Plus500
CTRM to the    🌕🌕🌕
Why was it blocked from RH?
Theme song for   🤚 scooping up 📄 🤚 selling
Short RobinHood on RobinHood?
You may be annoyed by what RobinHood did by not allowing additional buying of your beloved deep value stocks in your watchlist that you have been eyeing for months such as GME, AMC, NOK, BB, EXPR, KOSS, etc. You may have a good memory. You may be spiteful. You may be aware that RobinHood is expected to IPO sometime this year. You may keep an eye out for that day. You may on that momentous day take your hard-earned stimmy and choose to short RobinHood on the basis that RobinHood isn't the most user friendly platform given your negative experience. Cuz its what it is. Think about it.
STOCK NOT SUPPORTED
Robinhood is telling me that the stock isn't supported when trying to buy NOK?  What can I do?
THEY WONT LET US BUY GME???? NO PROBLEM - WE MAKE OUR OWN RULES
If they wont let us buy GME stocks then lets start buying BB stocks and get our DFV out of them as well !!
Just a reminder, eToro still allows you to buy GME.
Robinhood completely fucked it’s users
Robinhood Cucks
So Robinhood just blocked everyone from going balls deep on our favorite stocks. If you're already bought in, for the love of God HOLD!!! AMC, BB, GME, NOK are all unavailable now. Sundial Growers (SNDL) is still on the rise. What are your thoughts fellas
We AFRICANS are holdinnggggg with you to the moon!!
We AFRICANS are holdinnggggg with you to the moon!!!!!
Boeing, its gonna come back
We all know Boeing has taken multiple blows both from quality control issues and because of the elephant in the room, COVID. BUT, contrary to what some think, Boeing will NOT got out of business, its the US governments baby. The US government will NEVER let Boeing declare bankruptcy, so my tip is buy Boeing now that is low, and wait 4-5 years... let Boeing rebound, and sell for a profit. I've already done this, and it works but it's a long term game. At best, its a 4-5 month play.
What is stopping hedgies from buying more shorts that expire in like 2 weeks to make massive profits off the squeeze?
Jr. bedwetter here looking for input from somebody that wears bigboy diapers.
New to investing
Just moved out and want to learn how to invest. Is throwing all my savings into GME and just trying not to overstay actually a reasonable bet? I have very low cost of living, about 1000 a month and I make 1800 a month, so a crash wouldn't be devastating to me. Also, what app do most of you retards and gals use?
NOK is down
I've just purchased some NOK but it's on decline
Let’s go get FSR
1 star RH in play store
I just sent two emails to Robin Hood explaining how we will all be moving to another trading platform and they better prepare for law suit.
Godspeed to this man -      over boobs
What are you going to do with your GME Payday Check?
A lot of people here have made money, self included.  Without saying the amount, what is your intention to use with the money you will be making?  I, for one, will be paying 1/4 or more to the IRS immediately since the money isn't in retirement, but a different account.  I will be donating another $5,  to the church I grew up on (though I'm an atheist now, this church is the best church I've ever encountered, not like some mega-church, real down to earth people), I'll be getting my wife a nice gift, finish paying for my daughter's wedding, and I will be stashing some of it away until my C8 rolls off the assembly line.  The rest I will be trading as this has put me closer to retirement (I'm in my 50's) than I've been in a while.  This is an amazing ride!  I've already read a lot of people saying they've paid off student loans, reduced debt, paid of parent's houses, or their own houses and I'm psyched for everyone here and interested in what you plan on doing!
Robinhood is preventing purchase of all the 🔥  stocks!
Is buying GS2C (the German Gamestop stock) going to help?
Hi peeps, in the uk trading 212 has stopped letting people buy GME stock, can I buy the German equivalent instead?
CD Project
Elon Musk posted 30 min ago that he loves Cyber Punk
RH just canceled my Sell Limit order.
And they sent the notification worded as if I canceled it myself. My order to buy is still in queue however.
Remember you can still buy AMC and NOK on Cashapp!
BEWARE OF THE FADE
Don't forget to hold through the morning, afternoon, mid-day, prior to close, FADE because they will try to fade GME, relentlessly, multiple times, repeatedly over and over, without mercy, just to shake out what they call "weak hands"
Wtf is wrong with robinhood? Retail investors made them but they’re working for hedge funds? open $Gme , $amc and $nok
Well RH just lost a customer. Any other options?
DON'T FORGET THE DIAMOND HANDS
RobinHood: "Fractional shares are currently position closing only for GME." Meaning?
EVERYONE LETS GET TOGETHER AND MAKE ELON MUSK BUY ROBIN HOOD THIS IS AFFECTING US ALL LETS COMMENT ON HIS TWITTER!!!!!
😭😭😭😭🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Is there an approval process for Webull? Not letting me buy anything or I’m doing something wrong
Use Fidelity or Schwab, Boycott robinhood and TD ameritrade or anyone who tries to side with the big Wall Street guy! We the people will not be controlled, this is America!!!🇺🇸
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Can't search GME now
WE WILL NOT BE STOPPED!
Robinhood is trying to screw us!!?!?!? We are ready for war!!!!!!
Well Robinhood canceled the AMC and NOK orders I made last night. Robinhood is owned by the Sheriff Of Nottingham so that probably explains it.
So what's the new app to use?
Since we're going to #deleterobinhood, what's the best place to buy a ticket to the moon?
CSCO next?
I made a 24Ct gold cold cast GameStop to celebrate next I am making real diamond hands
Everyone do your part. Other suggestions welcome!
LISTEN: MAKE A REVOLUT FOR GME WHEN ROBINHOOD‘S MANIPULATING
You can buy GME with Revolut, the registrating process and money transfer should be rather fast. Note: I live in Switzerland so I don’t have access to Revolut Stocks but I know other countries (US?) have  Edit: Revolut account
Alternate Discord - discussing Robinhood shutdown
Link:    No spamming.  Enjoy your tendies.
Robinhood 🗑🗑🗑
Robinhood just locked out GME, BB, AMC, NOK and a few other stocks. Is this really legal?
Applause from a non-boomer
I was born in 1980 so not a boomer but an "in-betweener". I bought TSLA @50 and have held. I'm still on the sidelines for GME, AMC, BB, BBBY, NOK, etc.   But I am watching with glee. Lots of us out here, even my boomer mom, are cheering you on. Stick it to those mofo fat cats.   We love these stocks!  To the

Ameritrade would not let us BUY $AMC or $GME .
The game is rigged
Robinhood Pending Order
As everyone is probably aware as the news spreads, robinhood stopped users from purchasing new stocks, but I have a question! I have a pending order from 1:30 this morning when I finally had time to read everything going on and wanted to stick it to Wall Street. Will this order be honored, or is it likely that they will cancel it? If the order was placed before the restrictions, can they just up and cancel it?  To the moon
First time poster long time lurker. What the hell do they mean this stock isn’t supported by Robinhood!? - Money disappeared...?
I am so proud of you people, and am cheering on you from the sidelines!
I work as a lowly peasant for Wall Street Cocksuckers, which means that I not only have to preclear all trades, but also have to hodl each security 30 days.  While I cannot get in on the action, I just want to say, what you guys are doing is AMAZING.  These Hedge Fund people are the worst of the worst, the slimiest and most sociopathic people in the society, up there with our DC politicians.  Seeing people be able to pay off their student loans, mortgages, etc instead of more coke and wealth for these assholes; it truly warms my heart.
Robinhood won't let me buy the dip
Robinhood won't let me buy more shares of GME AMC or NOK, I can only sell.   How is this not market manipulation.  Fuck these clowns. HOLD!!!!!!  GME AMC NOK
Y’all I heard webull, another app, isn’t stopping trading on any of them.
I will close my Robinhood account if we the people cant buy revolt stocks. I thought they were with us bye bye robinhood you are in bed with the traitors
MAKE SURE ROBINHOOD PAYS FOR THIS.
If you have the funds available, download Webull and buy more GME there. If not, when this is over pull your profits and put them in a Different app that supports a free market.
As a group we need to remember what Robinhood did
Let’s buy a big boat and party our faces off!
Amc ?
Robinhood blocked GME AMC and cant search for stocks
Hold The Line (Whatever It Takes) Part 1
AMC to the moon boys
Get AMC higher than GME we can push them back!!!
Buy and hold amc bb gme nok until forever. Hedge fund is scared. They will pay all what theytreated us back.
Too late?
I applied for a Scotia iTrade account today and am waiting for it to be approved before I can do anything. Thoughts on whether it will be too late to take advantage of the current insanity (BB,NOK,AMC,GME) if it takes another business day or two for it to activate and I can actually start buying?
Let do party city same as GameStop
IBK is limiting GME buys? I can’t join my brothers in the trenches and need help  🏻  @46$ per share and holding to infinity
QUEUED AMC THIS MORNING ON RH CANT CANCEL OR FULFILL ORDER HELP!
Trading212 is a fucking scam. GME
Robinhood is trying to silence us. Show them who the captain is now!
Robinhood is performing market manipulation with the hedge funds.
GME, AMC, BB, NOK, and CTRM are all now marked as sell only. All 'normal' stocks can be bought and sold no issue. This is after Robinhood pushed warnings out yesterday to scare shareholders into selling. This is the illegal market manipulation the news should be reporting on.
Robinhood shut down trading for AMC and NADK
How is this even legal?!?!?!?
GME NO LONGER TRADING ON ROBINHOOD?
SNDL & NAKD?? Thoughts.
New money, old lady!
Bringing in my hard earned money from a life time of work, dudes! Yee-haa
SIRI NOK GME banned from Robinhood 😒
I know that we aren't a collective, but with RH, TD, Fidelity all now restricting trading, which platform should we move our tendies to when this is over?
Serious post. Cannot buy more GME on Robhinhood right now
The fuckin assholes have cut us off from purchasing and keeping this from moving forward. What the fuck should we do? Do I download a different app and invest there?
What's up with the recent "leveling" of the stocks gains vs yesterday? Only
DON'T SELL, JUST MOVE TO A NEW APP
They are trying to scare us into selling. Fucking cocksuckers. How did we not see this coming lol
Let’s all Leave RH 1 star and migrate to another platform
Someone want to tell me why I can’t buy more gme?
“You can close out your positions, but cannot purchase additional shares.”  Anyone know why Robinhood is doing that, what it means for us, and if they’re ratfucking us it’d be great if we could all give them a rating that reflects the ratfuck on the App Store.
TRADING 212 only limiting AMC AND GME
Trading 212 can be used to buy BB AND NOK
Whoever said media giving us attention is not on the good side of the spectrum
Class Action lawsuits against Robin Hood. They are saying what we can and cannot buy?
Call  Sullivan Papain Block McGrath Coffinas & Cannavo in financial district in NYC 212-732-9000. My pal, Craig Silverman can file for you.
I cashed in everything I could to keep the movement going at $448 / share    LETS FUCKING GO!!
I'm from the UK can I get involved?
Robinhood app isn't available in the UK, anyway I can get involved with all the fun?
Does anyone know of another app that they haven't gotten to, in order to buy GME stock? Dm if you want so the overlords don't see.
Robinhood says this stock is not supported.... GME ????
Anyone else seeing this?  I was trying to place an order and can't.
Robinhood no longer supporting BB, NAKD, NOK, GME, AMC, etc.
So now what
Why are all the posts about RH being removed???WTF
GME NO LONGER TRADABLE ON ROBINHOOD
Not supported on Robinhood?!?
Their resistance is proof of our success
The latest step they've taken is to close GME trading on Robinhood and AMTrading. If you're worried that this is a bad sign, ask yourself the following questions:    Why would these brokers decide to do things that they know will piss off a significant portion of their users to the point of boycotts, lawsuits and coordinated bad reviews?   Why would the Financial Times and NBCN risk their reputation on spreading false information on WSB, Reddit and hedgefund positions?   Why would anyone care enough about a subreddit that they will create bots to fellow-kid-spam any other stock just to cause division?  The answer is very obviously economic interests. The people and organizations behind are the ones who stand to lose from this. Their resistance shows that we're doing fine. Their worry should make us smell blood.  Buy and hold GME and you'll be on the right side of history financially, socially and legally.  I am not a financial advisor and this is not a financial advice. I literally just dunked my head into the keyboard and this came out.
Queued buys on Robinhood? Have a few buys queued buys from the dips last night , will they go through? GME AMC
How about Party City?
LETS SHOW EM!
Everyone should leave 1 star reviews on the app store! Robinhood is disgusting!
Checking in this morning Robinhood is removing buy ability from stocks.
Anyone else experiencing this? Went to check GME,AMC this morning and it can be sold but not bought on robinhood I am sure other apps will follow suit.
just set an order for   $ more of shares GME   IS NUTS.... TO THE MOONNNNN
How we are looking to the old money investors during this wealth transfer! I don't care what the price is. I'm fuckin holding!

RobinHood is a Turncoat!
Now that RobinHood has showed their true colors (Sell only for all news lately stocks) what is the best new investing platform? WeBull?
Let’s Push Sndl!!
Biggest Financial regret and how I couldn't be happier still.
I am a poor, I have always been a poor for some reason or another and I have a few big   it the time my buy order bounced for $25 dollars worth of (un-named crypt-0) in 2008 and I told myself "Id get back to it"? No  Is it the time I dumped everything into a short film only to lost 2/3rd of funding while in route to location IN another country? No  Both times I opted not to renew a lease pre-emptively for road gigs that ended up falling through last second? No.  Not buying GME low? Close but no.  The biggest regret is not buying GME at all until whatever I can spare today as a message. This reddit group has done something that sends a message larger and more impactful than any of the work I did with OWS. Any of the predatory school loan assistance I've done.     Within 48 hours y'all have utterly fucked the mouths of people who have been stealing everyone's food for a century. I couldn't be more proud of you god damn psychopaths and today I will most likely throw some money into a void simply to show my appreciation. Memes and jokes aside, a shot was fire and it proves that a large enough group of people can redistribute some wealth if they fucking feel like it and their is very little anyone in power can do a god damn thing.  Congratulations to all you god damn spacemen.  Ps:Form a firm called Spacemen, Spacemin & The Tendies. I think it'd look real good replacing the marquee of one of these hedge funds one day.  Pps: Had to post again because mention of certain things got automodded
Can we all thank the hedge fund for a minute? None of us would have been able to get this tendie feast if "pRoFeSsIoNaL iNvEsToRs" weren't so fucking retarded.
ROBINHOOD DOWN?
as always i miss out   on shit like this because im  taking a  break from the internet. Serious  Fomo rn. Im  layingg in bed choosing  which stock to load up on while  their relatively low afterhours. But low and behold  i  cant choose any because AMC CTRM and GME all  wont trade  on robinhood? I  cant  even  type anything into the search bar  like they found  out im trying to hop on the train. smh
!Stock Shock! Check this out SIRIUS XM went all the way down to 5 cents and almost completely crashed.

Is it too late for me?
Can I still be a a part of this or have I missed the boat
Make it move
NOK/GME/BB  Make your voice heard
Robinhood has chosen sides
Investment platforms are disallowing buys. What do we do?
I’m no lawyer but I don’t believe these platforms can restrict our trades like this. If they get away with this, do we have legal recourse? We can sell but we can’t buy? How do we get out of this? What platforms are allowing us to buy right now?
RobinHood has delisted GME, BB, AMC and NOK as of this morning. Instruments can sell only.
HOLD THE FUCKING LINE
We’re not gonna forfeit just because we lost RH ago those cock suckers. The openly corrupt manipulation of the “free” market is a clear sign we’re nearing the finish line. WE CANT STOP HERE. I sold all my SNDL stocks yesterday at 53 fucking cents for 2000. SNDL IS AT $1 RIGHT NOW BUT I DID IT FOR GME AND BB. NOW there’s no turning back. I will fully RIDE TIL I FUCKING DIE FUCK THE SYSTEM
GME, NOK, AMC trading shut down on Robinhood
Everyone HOLD THEIR SHIT     No word on what TD, Webull, fidelity, etc are doing.
Who uses Robinhood on desktop? If you've viewed the GME option chain it's in your history and you should be able to post the link to it for us to still trade GME on Robinhood. These fucking idiots just took away the link to the page IT'S STILL THERE AND YOU CAN STILL VIEW THE OPTIONS.
We all know the dumbfucks at Robinhood don't consider work arounds. This could be a viable options. THEY CANNOT STOP US FROM BUYING SOMETHING WE WANT TO BUY.
RH gives middle finger to WSB
Anyone who still uses RH after the shit they pulled today is a friend of the shorts. Blatant market manipulation directly attacking WSB, time for WSB to find a new broker.  Positions: SQ, FOSL, FUBO, GME, BB, AMC
American Airlines?
I know this is kind of off topic right now but AAL is up 50% in pre-market. WW=hats going on?
u/error_iuris single handedly holding back the Boomertide for us on r/mauerstrassenwetten
How can Robinhood do this!?
Robhinhood has stopped supporting GME, AMC, NAKD, BB, NOK and who knows what else. Just adding fuel to the fire baby!!
Thanks to the manipulation of the major brokerages, now if many of us sell, there is NO BUYING BACK. IF YOU WANT MOON, DO NOT SELL!
Read between the lines - we cannot sell now. They have sided with the old money. If you want to buy more, use Webull or Stockel!  Not investing advice
Broke Bois
For those of us who lack the nugs to pony up anymore on the big rocket what can we do to stick it to the hedge funds even more?  I can’t drop anymore bread into GME at this point. Out of my price range and I think so broke bois can agree. I’ve been dipping into SNDL trying to see if this pint sized size stock can at least make it into orbit. I’ve got enough to make small gains there. Not enough to buy a telsa but maybe some bags of frozen tenders.   What do y’all think?
Placed before the shutdown, if it will execute then I'm in 300 more. I will not cancel. I will hold for the love of cheezits.
KEEP YOUR HOLDINGS AT ROBINHOOD AND GET OUT OF THE APP - DELETE THE APP!! SUE ROBINHOOD!!
Robinhood fucked us all. Keep your holdings at Robinhood, DO NOT SELL. And delete the app/move to other brokers. Someone please sue those motherfuckers?
$AMC and $GME
Not even close to the moon $AMC 100 USD and $GME 1000 USD
CTRM??
CGX will go to $200!!!!!!  the moom!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Freetrade has AMC, NOK, BB with GME & BBBY on the plus service use this link for a free share!
ROLLS ROYCE GUYS   LETS GET IT TO THE MOOON!!!!
Robinhood containment thread
Too many posts about Robinhood, please keep the talk in here
Drive ZOM while they’re still focused on GME and AMC!!!
How can I now invest into $GME
Fuck Robin Hood. I had some $AMC but I want to help the cause with everything I can. What should I use
NOK is legit. NOK is a setup by WS Bots. Which is it? Short Interest is 1%?
Hi all, as the title says, there's a lot of conflicting info out there on NOK. Just hoping someone with a bigger brain than I can provide some solid advice (non-financial of course :-) )  I admit, I'm new to shorting and short interest but if I'm looking at this right, Short Interest is only a little over   Aren't we looking for stocks with a way higher percent? Or are we expecting that to come later?
robinhood blocking gme and others?
Sorry if I missed another post, didn't see anything...   Just pulled up Robinhood and it's saying GME, BB, AMC, and who knows what else is not supported on Robinhood.  I can sell shares I currently have, but it says I can't buy more.  Is this for real???
Trading 212 wont let me Buy $GME
fuckers wont let me put life savings into GME.
Is this reality?
Is it JNUG stock a BUY BUY BUY
US the JNUG stock a great BUY BUY. Its down 800% since last year>  Whats your thoughts?
IMO $PRTY can be   or   We tried squeezing them in Dec. They didnt listen. Short ratio consistently going up... HOLD $GME  BUY $PRTY. thought?
Our stocks taken off? HOLD THE LINE!!!! DONT SELLLL KEEP WHAT YOU HAVE!!! REBUILD RE-RE’S!!! (NAKD) IS NEXT IF RH DOESNT OPEN OUR STOCKS!!!! 💪💪
Review bomb brokers that restrict buying?
Can we get everyone, including our wife’s boyfriends, to review bomb robinhood, trading212 etc
When you couldnt join the chain
Sigh, wonder if another opportunity like this will come around. Dont got several thousand to buy a few 500$ stocks. Maybe next time I can join when a stock is under 20$ and get a nice amount of profit.
Robinhood class action/squeeze PLTR
We should all get together and file class action against Robinhood for not allowing new buyers. That has to be illegal, also we can still squeeze PLTR it wasn’t touched
How low is the dip gonna be
I'm trying to establish a buy ladder on the way down to the bottom of the up-coming dip. But is it really going below 350 again or is setting a buy limit there a missed opportunity?     What is your analysis, retards?     GME 5 @ $233 from Europe
$GME LOSSES THREAD- Pre- Crash
A nice thread where your enormous losses can at least serve as entertainment :)
Robinhood is now turning its back on us when we need it the most. This is our chance to make a difference, to give the power to the people! Looks like it’s time for a new trading platform that is truly made for the “retail investor”, one that won’t sell out. #saveamc
They just took GME out on Robinhood. You can not even search. Isn’t this freaking illegalv
NOKIA
Get at nokia we will win
Deleting Robinhood!
This is blatant market manipulation by the only Corp we thought had our backs. Robinhood is supposed to take from the rich and give to the poor, but not this Robinhood. This Robinhood probably just got lobbied by his buddies Melvin, Shitron, Cramer and anyone else on CNBC. I’m deleting Robinhood and moving to another platform (probably webull) and Robinhood will go down in history as an EPIC EPIC failure. A rocket that could have gone to the moon, but ended up like the challenger in flames💥!Sincerely, FUCK YOU @Robinhood. Our positions are still going to the moon because we are a community and we are together! Let’s ride today  ’s RIDE!  Any other platform recommendations?
PLTR is the next move
Buy and hold let’s fucking GO
Who is it?
15 hours ago Robinhood CEO said his platform empowered the   HE TOOK IT FROM US
Can't buy Gamestop, AMC, Blackberry, or Nokia on Robinhood anymore to help fuel short squeeze. If anyone has any other way of investing in these stocks please comment down below. Don't sell your positions. For now I guess I'm moving into AAL and SPCE.      If this stays a thing, when Robinhood IPO comes out we should all short.
N O K
losing money on NOK, should I sell? Any suggestion would be helpful.
Help NOK?
Are the posts about Nokia just bullshit to get attention away from Gamestop?
ROBINHOOD ALTERNATIVE
I’m new to this. What are you all using instead of ROBINHOOD??
Where do we go
What apps do we use or where do we go if Robinhood keeps acting like this??
Robinhood
SINCE ROBINHOOD DECIDED TO STOP GME STOCGMK BUYING WE SHOULD OVER TO A PLSTFORM THATS BETTER R CREATE OUR OWN.BOYCOTT ROBINHOOD!!!!!!!!
They are doing everything their money possibly buys to get us to sell
It is very important for everyone to hold their positions. Stop using platforms like Robinhood that manipulate their platform to their advantage!
Palantir Technologies and Rio Tinto Sign Multi-Year Enterprise Partnership
MTNB ?
But AMC on cash app
AMC GO BUY ON CASH APP
Robinhood has restricted buying shares for $GME, $BB and others...
Do not sell
Listen jerk offs, do not sell gme at open.   Buy the dips. Hold the tits
eToro still allowing trading on GME - Verification process took 15 minutes for me.
A Question about RH and Melvin?
If Melvin would give you 1 Billion Dollar to block users from buying more GME on RH, what would you do?
Master list of brokers and who is restricting what:
NO POSTING OF REFERRAL CODES!   Please help me get together the list of available brokers by country and which ones are and aren't limiting the purchase and sale of stocks/options. If you broker is telling you what you can and can't do, it's time to find a new broker.     USA-     ETrade (Power): No restrictions  Fidelity: No restrictions  Interactive Brokers:  Robinhood: Only cash secured options.  Schwab:  Tastyworks:  TD Ameritrade: No buying of shares.  Webull:      UK-      Trading 212: Operating in reduce-only mode. No buying shares.       Positions or ban: 30 shares of GME. I believe in their future and like the stock.
The Elites Are Rigging. This Fight Is Fixed
Suits getting what they want. Fight is fixed
$AHT!!!! LETS GOOOOO $AHT!!!
$AHT!!!! LETS GOOOOO $AHT!!!
RH - Market Manipulation
Surprise surprise. This is just another method they’re using to keep the people from making some sweet tendies. Stay strong and HOLD that line. No paper hands here  ✊🏽
Robinhood is getting more complaints then their servers can handle.
Honest question about short selling with regards to GME
Hi. First of all, I am blown away with what this sub has achieved. Congrats to all of you. Hold the line and wait.. wait.. until they feel the pain.. until they start to bleed.. and then we sell!   I was watching CNBC and Andrew Sorkin said that one reason the short is 140% is that the same share is shorted multiple times. Very simply, A owns the original share, B shorts it by borrowing from A and sells it to C, D shorts  it by borrowing from C and so on. Can someone explain if that is possible? Doesn't that mean that, in theory, the short percentage can be multiple times the float? Almost seems there should be rules to prevent this.   By the way, I am watching CNBC and it took them a long time to ask this basic question. They will talk down on the little guys as mania, dumb money etc, but spend little time talking about how such a high short percent is even possible. Their audiences are really the wall street and not the average Joe investor looking for more information.   GME
1 star Robinhood Reviews
I am really happy my buy order is placed for 500 more dollars of GME shares at market today. Saw snapshots of people who can’t trade amc, GME     , BB not supported!!?? YO FUCK ROBINHOOD I’m downvoting them on apple store and otherwise expressing my opinion in a legal way. If you feel the same way then I would imagine that you would do the same thing! CROOKED BIG MONEY!
Drop Robinhoods star rating passed the floor!
They are trying to freeze us out. Only allowing closing positions on GME, BB, NOK and removing AMC from their list. We have to fight back
GME & AMC can't be purchased on Cash App either. This is crazy
The media, the elites and Big Tech are colluding AGAIN
LET ME BUY MORE GME  🤲
Did Robinhood pull $GME!? TendiesTendies TendiesTendies TendiesTendies 103
TO THE MOON
NOK BABY LETS GET IT
Who’s buying NAKD then
NAKD looking next to move as hasn’t been removed from robinhood & no SEC news?
I see XL fleet with 71% SHORT FLOAT. IS IT true?
Everyone should take their money out of these brokers and all move to Webull. Hurt them financially for manipulating markets
5K GME is a potential 400-500 billion dollar loss to wallstreet.
Robinhood doesnt work for you they work for the order book buyers. Robinhood will suspend orders for calls and outright longs.  The potential losses from demanding $5K a share are something like 400 billion which would require fed intervention.  Yes its entirely possible the ponzi financial system collapses if GME keeps printing higher. Remember subprime collapsed wallstreet in 2008 but that was a tiny % of actual lending.  No way will regulators allow this so expect freezes on buying followed by major lawsuits against the financial establishment.  Edit:  $5K GME makes posters on this subreddit some of the richest people on the planet.  Wallstreet banks may convince Gamestop to issue additional shares which would end this.
At least I can send them complaints
BOYCOTT BROKERAGES AFTER THIS!
We should all get together and punish Robinhood and others who are restricting our accounts!
My Kings and Queens
My dear kings and queens 🎎 Why dont we help AMD that was always shorted by these Wall St bullies and always treated like shit when their CEOs were always so generous and especially now on these hard times
Thank   I Mean You!
I am sitting here reading your threads, tears running down my cheeks. Please bear with me, it is hard for me to put my thoughts and especially feelings into words. I see bonding and common struggle with open arms towards Boomers, Millennials, Left Leaning, Right Leaning, Race, Creed, Ethnicity. My world view has been shattered over the last few years. I am not an idiot, and while not quite a Boomer, I have been around the sun more than a few times. I always kept my head down, worked hard, tried to make a good living for myself and my family. In my business I always tried to do right by my employees and my customers. I am a capitalists', as in the idea of fair trade between free people. It's also why I am Libertarian, the less government involved in my life, the better in my opinion. I mention my Capitalism and Political beliefs because that is what has become blaringly obvious to the masses, the Elites of money & power are no longer even trying to pretend it's about making our lives easier. Sitting here reading your family stories about the '08 meltdown disasters has brought back so many emotions, as I remember losing my house, my wife and just trying to stay afloat because my young son needed me. So sitting here watching a movement, even if it does nothing more than wake the elites up and remind them that real power is the people, means more to me than any of you could possibly know, so THANK YOU for this! BTW that same son who I mentioned earlier, he texted me yesterday to tell me about this movement and that BB and NOK were next. I immediately bought both, not for the money, but to be part of something larger than myself and to support an ideal that transcends the petty BS of polarization of class and beliefs that the Elites have always used to distract and move us humans as if we are just cattle to be herded to the slaughter. However it turns out, I will hold my end of this. Thank you for listening to an old man rant and may all of you be blessed with love and happiness. Heading back to lurking now /BYE
UPVOTE so everyone sees we got SUPPORT
Imagine trying to prevent a free market economy...
I'm not mad, I'm just dissapointed. Robinhood is telling me that I am not allowed to buy additional stocks of GME and my only option is to close my position... seems a bit sketchy to me 🤔🤔     EDIT : ROBINHOOD HAS DISABLED BB, AMC, NOK, AND GME! THE UTTER AUDACITY!
Have you guys heard of GME?
I'm pretty new to investing so I've been searching around for just the right stocks to start my portfolio with. Recently, I came across the stock with the ticker GME. From what I can tell, it's had great gains the last week or so even going up over 100%! Wow! I think this is just the kind of stock I've been looking for based on my own personal research! I can't speak for anybody else but I like this stock.
We are holding for you. so don't sell at 420
Guys pls don't sell 420  Greets from Europoor. We are holding for you to the Moon, Mars and back.  Let´s reach 4200 together   \ Insert here Rocket and Moon
Doge coin is full what’s another one y’all?
Don't bother upvoting- I want to get in on AMC but RobinHood isn't supporting it (or GME or BB).
Where should I go instead?
AMC
Are people already giving up on AMC!? BUY AND HOLD
ROBINHOOD SUPENDED SOME STOCKS! JUST USE ANOTHER PLATFORM
currently stocks are loosing cause they shutted down the trades. We can do it just hold and find another provider. FUCK ROBIN HOOD  BUY NOKIA, NOK, AMC, BB
amazing!!
They want to divide us, the union is strength
Leave a 1 Star Review for RH on the App Store. Put Pressure on these Suit Lickers
This will not go unpunished. We have the power. Put pressure on the suit lickers and make them crumble.
SEC and CNBC boomers trying to infiltrate this subreddit.
I Love me some DOGE Just Sayin!
Penny's I say just Penny's
Some one come change the dictionary’s definition!!! Irony at its finest
They clearly can’t win.


Every GME shareholder this   and AMC are still being boxed up but they are on the way.
Let’s Give A Shout Out To The Psychedelic Sector and All The Work That Is Being Done To remedy People’s Minds!!! $CMPS $MMED $CYBN ETC.
STRIKE BACK AT ROBINHOOD!
CONTACT THEIR SUPPORT, BOMB THEIR APPLE STORE RATINGS, MAKE THEM CHANGE THEIR WAYS! WE HAVE THE POWER TO DO THIS, THERE ARE MILLIONS OF US. MAKE ROBINHOOD PAY FOR MANIPULATING THE STOCK MARKET!
Boycott Robinhood
Can't do anything but sell current position anymore. Moving account to WeBull. Keep it rolling
LMAO There is no limit to the amount of Smoothbrain moments i've seen this week. This tops it off.
Robinhood steal from the poor give to the rich
What kinda world we livin in? I’m done.
Can’t trade meme Stonks? LEAVE AN HONEST REVIEW IN THE APPSTORE!
When will they learn.. that their actions have CONSEQUENCES?!!
Robinhood has blocked all buys of AMC, GME, and NOK
This is unfair and hurts the consumer. This also goes against everything that Robinhood stands for.
NMI holdings
Bet on $NMIH, What are you think about it?
Stock
Should I do NOK, BB, or NAKD?
Remember getting hyped over any media attention at all last year - so fucking proud of how far we’ve come
Robinhood is dead....biggest fraud of all....
Does anyone know if Robinhood has an api?
So the GUI won't let you trade GME but I bet the api still works if we can use the backend API with manual web requests to place buy orders through that.   Does anyone have experience with Robinhood api's?
Current data on GME short positions
Is there data on current short positions in GME?  With all the news of Melvin/Citron exiting their short position, I’m trying to find credible data proving or disproving this? All I have managed to find is Nasdaqs bi-monthly short position update, where the last data is from the 15th of January, much could have happened since.  If anyone can point me in the right direction that would be awesome. I think it is really important for everyone on here to have access to this data to time exits
ZOM
Not blocked lets go!
xspa
anything on xspa stock i thought itll soar but im loosing money !!!
Do not forget NOK
Hold your BB
Hold your blackberry they can’t stop us
YOU CAN BUY THROUGH top 100 list !!!!!! On RH
Also fuck you RH
WHATS THIS BULLSHIT WHY CANT I BUY MORE SHARES OF GME
THE MOVIE A BUGS LIFE WARNED ABOUT THESE FUCKS. THEIR FUCKERY KNOWS NO LIMITS. STAY VIGILANT STAY STRONG. AND BTW FUUUUUUUCK YOU CNBC
JUST GOT SOME AMC
We need to keep holding our shares
What’s gonna be the next stocks to run up we can all do this as a community hold all your shares for now but we will run more stocks up fuck corporate America
I just don’t get it.
I’m angry. Angry that some of us, including myself, may have just lost the chance to gain the most we’ve ever gained. All due to these companies manipulating the system and trying to swing the hedge fund’s shlong. Somehow my NAKD buy went through but not my NOK or AMC. Let us autists push NAKD and get Doge to $1 today.
How do we get back at them?
So, class action against the retail trading apps?  I’ve lost thousands on Robinhood not filling an order in AH trading, and then not filling it at market open. Fucking bullshit.
Can I move my money out of RobinHood?
I out $350 total into Nok, amc, & BB yesterday via Robin hood and just now got emails saying all are canceled.   Now I'm sitting with $350 in "buying power" on Robin hood and they just closed all the main stocks.   I want to go to another stock app and buy there, is it possible to take my $350 with me?
I can place trades except for GME, AMC, and NOK. Seems legit.
AMC LET'S keep buying...
Processing img 4iax82sf83e61...
$AMC                       WHY IS EVERYBODY SELLING I FUCKING HATE THIS NEW WAVE OF DEGENERATES WITH PAPER HANDS

Will SNDL still go up even if people can't buy?
I bought 107 shares this morning before RH blocked SNDL and I'd rather not sell at a loss later on. SNDL has already dropped quite a bit so I'm worried.
It was all for this
Robinhood wont allow me to buy KOSS. I was able to get in on some through my Schwab account. Count me in on that class action law suit. Any lawyers on here?
We can win, and we will win.
This was done without any leadership. Any fucking form of leadership.  Do you understand the scale of this, from just that?  We are a collection of individuals, we are not following any single order, and we have made this happen.        Just imagine, imagine with me here...  We can, change the world.     This is just the beginning.      The shady shit they are trying to pull back there, and we as individuals are pushing so fucking hard.     We will prevail.      We can win, and we will win.
Contact and Location of robinhood offices Orlando, go tell them your thoughts
My review of Robinhood. How can this be even kind of ok??
HOLD HOLD HOLD GME to the
MOOOOOON
DOGECOIN TO THE MOON
LETS SHOW THESE PLEBS THE TRUE POWER OF DOGECOIN!
Screenshot Trade Republic - You guys are crazy
RAISE YOUR SELL LIMITS YO.
ROBINHOOD IS FUCKING
WHAT THE FUCK  WHAT PLATFORM CAN I USE THAT WILL LET ME TRADE THE DELCIOUS FRUIT OF GME  THIS IS FUCKING HORSE SHIT
This moment means a lot to me. Glad you all were here with me for it.
KEEP HOLDING. WE NEED TO STICK TOGETHER
Can you buy new monitors with stardust?
Dumping Robinhood! What Platform do I transition towards?
Today's actions have shown me their true colors (unsurprisingly) and I won't stand to support Robinhood any further. I'm sure thousands more will feel the same. Which platform do you all recommend we start using? I will still be holding my positions in GME but will be transferring all other assets and future trades elsewhere.
NOK NOK NOK YOU KNOW WHAT TO BUY
WE ARE FAR FROM OVER. YOUD HAVE TO BE MORE RETARDED THAN ME TO SELL RIGHT NOW. BUY THIS FUCKING DIP LIKE WHATS WRONG W U PEOPLE? ITS THE NUMBER ONE RULE IN THE BOOK FOR FUCKS SAKE!
GME TO THE MOON AND BACK
BB needs our support. Jonathan E says, drop the hammer on BB shorts
NAKD TO THE MOON🏆 $600 dollars in 2018. Let’s get back there
ALLY INVEST IS HAVING "TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES" YEAH RIGHT!
I barely had enough time to buy my shares this morning. As of 9:45AM Eastern, I cannot access my Ally Invest account. 1% keeps manipulating the system, illegally.
We're not ONLY inspired by viral memes. There is real analysis provided by you awesome autists that helps level the playing field.
AMC better rise
#TOTHEMOON
BUY IT ON E-TRADE, THEY HAVE’T BLOCKED ANY OF THE STOCKS
BUY AND HOLD, DIAMOND HANDS
Sofi is allowing GME and AMC. Why not abuse the refer system!
KEEP IT GOING
AMC AND NOK
Fo fo fo fo fo fo fo fo fo tendie deluxe
Paper Handed Retards
Make your hands strong like your brains! Guess who’s buying your shares at a discount if it ain’t us? Thats right, its the guy we’re gonna force to pay more. Hold for money.
PORTUGAL HERE! DEGIRO WORKING! SKY ROCKET WITH FALCON X! LET'S GO! ALREADY BOUGHT GME, AND NAKD!
BB and BBBY short interest. BUY, HOLD and DO NOT SELL GME
Dogecoin is another frontier for the beautiful collective action going on here!! Imagine getting it for less than 2 cents a piece and driving it to the moon?
DO NOT FUCKING FLINCH GME
Gme soaring again in the German market. Hold and buy more of possible!
This is 1 position I have. $GME
WEBULL is open for AMC, NOK, and GME, just got 15 shares of GME
BB is working on self driving cars and 5G related products, afaik. Might be a good time to invest. I am not an expert and I am not telling you to do anything.
Webull wouldnt let me buy at 300$ said training was suspended. But it let me buy at 400$ WTFFFFFF
I cant believe this!!!!!!
Schwab’s online transfers and wires are currently unavailable. BS.
I wanna 📃  so bad rn!!
🤲 🤲 🤲 🤲
That is all.
ONE STAR REVIEW FOR ROBIN HOOD UPDOOT PARTY!
My highly evolved autist radar tells me ROBIND HOOD is not a friend of us retards. I don't even have RH but I downloaded it and left a 1 star review.  You, your wife, her boyfried, and their kids, all need to download RH, leave a 1 STAR review, then delete it.  REPORT BACK AUTARDS!
Not a WSB guy until Establishment shut down buying
Never been to WSB until this happened.  So I bought GME as a fuck you to what can only be interpreted as market manipulation.  Stay strong brethren.
I buy now Nokia
T212 blocked to buy GME and AMC than I buy NOKIA 😩
Robinhood
Watch your stocks guys! I just got an update from RH and they autosold my NOK shares without me putting a order in to sell them!
We Did It
#BreakTheMarket
Processing img buer7rqi83e61...
BUY NAK
BUY NAK
im minimum wage, cant buy anywhere
tried to buy 4 shares of GME (all the cash i have) when it was at 250$ like an hour ago, cant because sofi hasnt finished reviewing my account. now its about to hit 500$ and theres nothing i can do to try to get in
DO NOT SELL DO NOT SELL AT 420
DO NOT sell GME at 420 dont be stupid hold the lines
GME TO THE MOON
Let’s send Doge to the moon. Show them the powers in the people’s hands and we can make go up anything if we want!
BUY NOK!!!
I’m holding NOK at a   we get some action on it? Potential to gain a lot more $$$ is there. It’s at $  invest now. We got to bring it up to GME price point now.
To the hedge fund bros: go watch Trading Places (1983) and you, too, might learn how to be a decent person!
We did it retards
"Robinhood" ???? when did robinhood the character fuck people over like this?
BUY DOGE BUY DOGE
Can we run up dogecoin? It’s an online currency they can’t take them all down!!
Cashapp
CEL-SCI
CEL\_SCI .. you're welcome!
Dogcoine the next bitcoin??
Dogecoin to the fucking moon  🪐🪐 im all in
Dogecoin just went up 172% bro dont sleep on it
WANTED!!!!
Should I be holding NOK and AMC???
NAKD isn't blocked!
Robinhoon is no longer allowing the purchasing of certain stocks
BB TO 1000 🔥🔥🔥
THOSE WALL STREET BANKERS ARE LAUGHING. COME ON!! BUY AND HOLD  TO THEE MOOOONNM
WTF Robinhood
Since we can’t buy anything that’s been booming from here... which stock is next?!
Where can I buy $GME and $NOK right now?
What apps or brokerages are working?
BUY NOKIA AND BB
BB AND NOKIA TO THE MOON!!
FUCK ROBINHOOD
THEY TRYNNA GET US TO STOP BUT BB AND NOK WILL MEVER STOP!!!!!IM USING FOREX PRO FROM CAPITAL NOW FUCK ROBINHOOD FUCK THEM!
Don’t forget about AMC! Can’t leave out fellow patrons behind!
Let’s make it happen boys!!
$  Historical moment captured
WHOSE THE RETARD WITH PAPER HANDS?
Other stocks to buy
Since they are blocking $game and $bb what other stocks can we get on to? Let’s hemorrhage these fat fucking pigs for all they got.
Retards
Holy shit I wish I was 18 rn so I could join u absolute retard autists
We did it reddit! $
Cashapp won't allow me to buy NOKIA stock. I even scheduled an amount for 830am and it still hasn't gone through????
SNDL TO THE MOON!
SNDL is the next GameStop!
THIS AIN’T MEME ANYMORE [WAR]
YOU FUCKING AUTISTS WE NEED TO FIND MORE BROKERS, KEEP BUYING THEY CAN’T MANIPULATE IT ALL THE DAY WE NEED TO RELAX AND HOLD WE WILL WIN CLOSE YOUR EYES TRUST AND INVEST LETS GO ❤️❤️    THIS IS MAKING HISTORY WE WILL DESTROY THIS BASTARDS, EMPOWERED PEOPLE LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOoooOooOooooOOO
GOLDEN SCREENSHOT ACHIEVED. HODL THE LINE
Robinhood stops the purchase of BlackBerry and naturally the value plummets. - Fuck you Robinhood
Anyone else having problems logging in with ameritrade?
INVEST APP AMC IS UP ON HERE TO TRADE
Fuck if it’s time let’s all poimp nio let’s fuxking do this everybody buy let’s fucking do this
Pump nio stock to the fuxking moon
Where can I keep an eye on whether the short positions have been filled yet or not? (GME)
SNDL no longer supported
RH fucked with the wrong community
ZOM and SNDL next??!
Hey pothead   s! Turn that $420 sell order off, this bitch is going to $4,200!          (not qualified to give investment advice. I own shares. And I don’t have a crystal ball)
They can't ignore us forever.
Just files a complaint with SEC and my state regulators are next. This is manipulation for the betterment of big companies to our detriment.
GME First FALSE DIP. HOLD YOU SAVAGES.
HOLD THE LINE! They’re creating a false dip!
Is TD not letting anyone else log in to their account?🤔
1 Star Review For Robinhood
If they wanna take away my money, I’ll take away there 5 stars.   We need to hold them accountable for there actions.
TD Canada Trust - Webroker
cant login, platform down !!!
WE ARE WINNING!    🏻 🏻
PUSH GME TO 500 WE GOT THIS FIRST 500 THEN THE MOON
Cuban ain't having it
Someone needs to meme this for GME INDEPENDENCE DAY
1611874926
HOLD HOLD HOLD
MAKE SURE TO HOLD Y'ALL WE'LL GET THROUGH THIS
Does anyone know how to start a class-action lawsuit?
I am far to stupid
I got the picture! Now excuse me while I quit Robinhood.
$600 in the next hour
UPVOTE For Melvin Capital, Citadel, and Robinhood to read and news orgs to read before publishing
Have you tried pulling yourself up by your bootstraps idiot?
Progress boys!!!!!!
Let’s go BB
Y’all remember when this milestone seemed like a crazy dream? The rocket just shot past it like nothing! NEXT STOP 1,000!!!
Where to go now?
What is another app I can download so I can actually buy the stocks that robinhood seems to deem I cannot own???
Fuck them
GNUS is still free game! Let’s fuck em over
Schwab in on it
Any other Chuck users being told they cannot buy? Does Chuck hold GME shorts lol
HOLD YOUR SHARES
So is it over yet?
Robinhood - My oh my how the turntables.
Stockbrokers in Australia are denying us from buying GME!
CMC Markets in Australia is just completely denying me access to buy GME and mysteriously is saying that "info on this stock is not available at this time". If this isn't stock market manipulation than IDK what fkn is!!   For any of you out there that can buy the stock, BUY AND HOLD!!
HOLD AMC
I was in for the money when it all first started, but now, fuck the money I’M HOLDING because fuck wall street
TD Webbroker appears to be down
Placed an order for GME and can't see what happened to it now
Stash app is “adding new features” and not letting anyone trade
Total bs.
$NAK -YOUNG SHORT
$NAK  -25 million shares shorted. This squeeze is young.  Today will be a fast ride.
cashapp
u can use cash app to purchase stocks like amc baby
robinhood 6 commitments from website
#      # Our 6 commitmentsto you    We want you to feel confident and secure on Robinhood, so these are the commitments you can always expect from us.    No Commission Fees Extra   Protection High Security Standards Dedicated Support Transparency Quality Execution
They have now banned $SNDL robinhood is a bunch of criminals only safe bet is to skyrocket Dogecoin
Wtf I thought we were suppose to hold
WSB has proven that the TRUE divide in this country is economic and not political. From AOC & Mark Cuban to Don Jr. & Ben Shapiro, our support transcends petty squabbles of left vs. right. Never forget: WE'RE STRONGER TOGETHER
You beautiful
20 years ago on Tuesday when this all took off, Mayor Rudy Giuliani decreed Rage Against The Machine “shall not play on Wall Street” on January 26, 2000 The next day they shot this video and caused the Stock Exchange to close. Now its our turn.

$HCMC - This is going to be the next big thing! trading at   and predicted to go up to $  in the up coming months! get on the rocket early!
Wired call about amc
Support the team with CSPs ...... 03/19 $20p
Thanks to the hyper-reflexivity of modern, Robinhood-fueled equity markets, GME is not going back below $20 for a loooong   ever. However, thanks to 500+ % IV, you can sell the 03/19 $20 Put for $4. Thats right, you can get a 25% return in a month and a half and if it goes tits up, you get filled at the same price as our lord and savior Ryan Cohen ($16).   Also long 10 shares but I want to support GME as much as I can (within my own personal risk tolerance of course). Arguably, the $1600 in collateral you will have to post is better spent on \~4 shares but if you want a sure thing, $400 for buying a 100 shares of GME at $16 in a month in a half is hard to beat.
BB BB BB      has anyone elses trading 212 completely crashed
Get in on BB STAT!!!!!!.
GME is       since that massive dip. I’m   🤚   till the end. Seems we still have buying power even if they are hitting RH and others with no buys.
They can't stop the free market boys
heheheh
BUY AMC, DONT FUCKING SELL IT RETARDS, BUY AND HOLD LET'S GO TO THE MOOOOON
$BB TANKING, BUT KEEP HOLDING AND BUYING
❗️❗️❗️MARKET MANIPULATION AT ITS FINEST❗️❗️❗️  FUCK ROBINHOOD  KEEP RUNNING UP THE THE WSB LEGACY, HOLD YOUR BB, GME, AMC, NOK  WE ARE STILL GOING TO THE MOON JUST BELIEVE, BUY, AND HOLD
All WSB STOCKS BANNED
Talk about market manipulation by the these bitches.... ITS DISGUSTING
Ahhhh Where do I buy GME fractional shares ??
Mods need to expedite a backup plan for this sub❗️
About two weeks ago there was a post asking about a backup plan if WSB gets banned - mods replied and said it has been discussed but there is no solid plan.  After what's going on the past 48 hours, this need to be a ❗️TOP PRIORITY❗️. The powers at play here are incomprehensibly large and reddit shutting down WSB due to pressure from a fund looks... Downright likely.  So what's the game plan mods? And anyone else have suitable alternatives to reddit?
Fidelity still good baby
Packed my bags. Got my nuts held tight. Leaving my wife and kids behind because we’re going
GME first but BB is next
The GME squeeze is near and I know most people will be using their gains from GME to buy BB. Don't listen to the bots that are trying to divert attention from GME, but BB is still getting ready to rocket         .   So keep buying BB while it still is at around 20 dollars, and hold you lil paper handed bitches, so many  📄     sell at 26 and above.  So when gamestop finally makes it to the     you know what the next rocket to ride is. If you still havent bought BB yet the hop on cuz you're one of the retards we need.  And remember, HODLLLL.
GME
I have 150 dollars in my name. How can I help fuck up wallstreet?
I heard about this gamestop, wallstreet thing just now. Its very romantic and justly and would like to join! Im reading up every news bit I can.   Im not very good and have zero knowledge of stocks and such but I want to help! I know there are a lot of other factors, i know this is a big risk and i know were not all "bros" so to speak.  I dont have enough money (i have like 7000 pesos) so that's like 150 dollars give or take.  What can I do?
AMC TO 30$ now is the time
Buy buy don’t let them win
Buy BB
Now
My will is iron, my hands are diamond
Robinhood just allowed me to purchase AMC
GPRO should be gaining big time. True valuations are way north of here. Let’s send a message and get this one moving where it should be. Millions of passionate customers cannot be wrong about this company.
Schwab won’t let you get GME!
HEY invest in doge right now, everyone is pulling out of stonks
and pull out before this afternoon, to trap the boomers
WHAT IS NEXT AND WHAT DO I BUY
FIRST STAGE REACHED, TIME FOR THE MOON
WHERE TO PURCHASE GME NOW?
please help need to throw every penny to my name in GME #fuckrobinhood #fuckmelvin SEE YOU ON THE MOON
DON'T LET THEM SCARE YOU, IF YOUR RIGHT TO TRADE IS TAKEN FIND A NEW SERVICE! (in comments put working brokers and upvote!)
Forget $BB $GME $NAKD $ $NOK. It’s time to go after other companies they aren’t blocking. You say you want to over take Wall Street then change your strategy as they do. Look for what they are shorting and move on it, or keep playing the same tired 4 moves
BBW anyone??
Build a Bear Workshop offers the highest quality cotton linen friends to children all over the world!
Deck Robinhodd, etoro is selling tasty GME shares eat up!
Get them while u can
shares - should've bought 69
Is this dream? Got in at December will never sell stay strong !   🤲🏽🤲🏽
RH HALTED SNDL
This is outrageous
Fuck Wallstreet let’s move to BTC
Robinhood, interactive brokers,+other exchanges apps just lost a generation of traders but stopping buys on $GME & $AMC and other stocks  America forcing a revolution on itself!!!  Time for traders to shatter the illusion of a “fair market”, also let me introduce you to a little thing called bitcoin  It’s the only asset governments can’t control. That lack of central authority is the primary reason governments are afraid of BITCOIN  Why don’t we ape together and pump this homie to mars? APES TOGETHER, APES STRONG!
Rate Robinhood One Star in App Store.
AMC and BB now!!! There are down!
AMC and BB are down now!! Hold on and bet there, will be the next
Fuck Robinhood.
Yesterday I decided it was time to act. I put 500 bucks into Robinhood with the intention of buying holding onto Blackberry stocks. As a test I brought one share. Then I went all in with the remaining amount. I wake up today to see that my one share went through just fine, but my all in shares were cancelled. Without my consent. Fuck Robinhood. Fuck Wall Street. Enjoy the trip to the moon fellas.
“But Doc, you don’t have an exit strategy!”
Where's the love for AMC and BB??
I'm only seeing the love for GME today. BB and AMC unstable as fuck  What's going on boyz
I’m done with RH - Leaving a 1   App Review upon my exit from their platform...
Title says it all, I’m taking my money (if the app ever starts working) and giving them a nice 1   review on the way out. I’d advise any of you to do the same if you plan on moving out of RH as well. What they did today should not be taken lightly. Protect others from having this happen to them in the future.
Robinhood is held by the balls by Citadel
THE WHITE HOUSE IN INVOLVED NOW
Robin Hood can’t stop us!
Dirty thirty!!! 🎂🎉
Heyyy!!  My broke ass is turning 30 tomorrow (the 29th, the big day) 🎉🎂 but I've been financially unstable as hell amidst this pandemic shite. Now, I can't even put the last bit of money I have into GME due to all this market manipulation.. To anyone making serious bank off this- my cashapp is $oopcikm and your donations would GRACIOUSLY be put to good use. 🙏🙏🙏 Happy hellraising to you all! 💓
ANY APPS WORKING FOR UK BOIZ?
NOKIA
Nokia down at the minute get in while its cheap
Bought GME just to do my part to help you fellow reddit hommies
I don't have much money so bought only a couple of shares. The main reason is I'm amazed by what y'all are doing and want to contribute my part to help you guys out. I might lose it all but doesn't matter. Money can always be made and few years from now I don't wanna regret not being part of something this big and the guilt of not being there to help out my fellow redditors.      YOU GUYS ARE JUST AMAZING !!
HOLD THEY JUST CAUSED IT
Hear me out, if anyone has looked at VW SQEEZE THERE WAS A MASSIVE DIP from 400$ ish to 200 and right after it rocketed all the way to 800ish. They thought by blocking purchases of GME, NOK, NAKD AND MORE THAT WE WOULD FORFEIT. DONT SELL HOLD THAT FUCKING LINE. We’ will be leaving our solar system once it is unblocked Which is inevitable    🏽 Please don’t delete as this is pure speculation ;) and I want to discuss with the community on there thoughts
Should I invest
I’ve never known much about stocks and I’m late to the party but is it worth buying shares in GameStop still?
WSB FOR LIFE
K BOIS I JUST PUT MY FIRST 1K INTO GME (3 SHARES). ITS NOT A LOT BUT GME TO 1K LETS GO BOIS
Umm I didn’t cancel shit???
CD project red please
get it up for the little guys
I need to know which categories to put in for the SEC complaint/how to fill out against RH for GME and AMC. Please help.
I had some limits waiting, now I can't view. WTF.
Stonks only go up
push nakd?
hold the line
BUY NOK AND AMC FFS!!!
XSPA is being heavily manipulated to. HAVE YALL SEEN THE NEWS FOR IT THE PAST 6 months!!!!!
HOLD HOLD HOLD
They are throwing all they have at us. Hold   don't panic
Schwab allowing trades now
On GME and NOK
NEED ADVICE    formerly homeless, now trying to fill the ranks as we stick it to these fks
I have tried to open a trading account with my bank and with a well reputed online company but both are telling me due to high volume of applications it will take awhile to set me up.   How can I expedite the process?!?!
History if you will
I think Robinhood will take the fall for the GME squeeze
mods please dont delete this.      TLDR: Robinhood will be the fall guy for the GME squeeze.   My prediction:   Robinhood will be the only victim of what has happened these last few days. As much as I hate to say it, the hedge funds who shorted 140% of shares will walk away without any problems just as they did in 2008. These massive hedge funds know that nothing illegal has happened on reddit or in general so trying to shut us down for market manipulation wont happen.  So how will they take their revenge? By bringing down Robinhood. I would not be surprised that Robinhood was forced to prevent retail investors from trading amc, gme, bb and nok to manipulate the market enough for these boomers to recoup some of their losses.    Why do I think this?:    Right now, as we speak RH is prevent retail investors from buying any of these "volatile" shares.  We know that robinhood front runs orders so citadel and others can see retail investors moves. I am willing to bet all my tendies that RH will be the only casualty from all of this. The vast majority of us have been trading on RH. With the insane amount of volume and calls going through RH, the SEC will investigate them and determine that there was most likely wrongdoing (because naked shorts apparently are fine).   This is not advice to withdraw the money from RH, but we know the rules dont apply to the rich and the billion (probably only million by now) dollar boomer hedge funders are out for blood.    There have supposedely been more 100% out of money calls bought through RH than anywhere else. This alone would probably get them investigated by the SEC. But NOW they are preventing us from buying GME, BB, NOK and AMC. The MMs are trying to shake us. They are trying to cause such a drop that we sell our shares to their over leveraged boomer asses out of fear of losing our gainz.   The hedge funds are going to try to shut RH down or severely cripple it so its harder for retail investors to ever do anything like what happened with GME ever again.    What am I going to do about this?   I am filing a complaint with the SEC and you should too.   If you read this far, thanks and stay strong out there!!!
GME on the rise this morning despite RH block
CHARLES SCHWAB IS LOCKING US OUT
Got an AMC order through at market open (   Cannot place BB or NOK orders online, forcing me to call a goddamn robot   EAT THE RICH BOYS
AMC down bad
Screw this...#DeleteRobinhood
BUY DOGECOIN
BUY BUY BUY DOGECOIN
BUY GM
GME GME GME
This is RH response (a older member please share this I'm to new apparently)
Processing img 09ly7f8d83e61...
NAKD is NOW!!!!!!!!
Processing img o3p4oppg83e61...
WE TRENDING WORLDWIDE       IF YOU ARE READING THIS, YOU ARE PART OF HISTORY
Dean on TikTok Update on RH situation
GO RATE ROBINHOOD with 1 STAR. Leave a bad review if possible.
Robinhood has betrayed a large portion of its users and has set precedent for other companies as well. One thing we can do as the little guy is to leave a negative review of their service. Only do this if you really feel they’ve impacted you. I’m heartbroken, I’ve stuck with robinhood through thick and thin since 2017. But it seems the time has come for goodbye. Switching to think or swim or schwab.   Sorry if I broke any rules I really tried not to.
AMC. GME
Fidelity not allowing fractional shares of GME.  Is it worth buying AMC still!?  HELP!
Nobody mention OGI?
Next
We should create our own brokerage (with blackjack and hookers) - but seriously we need a broker that is for THE PEOPLE
NOK and GNUS to the     let make them pay for the bullshit AH and PM🤑🤑
Fellow retards let show these butt lickers you don’t fuck with us and make them go broke for trying to hold us down 🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑
SNDL taken off rh, will I still get my money if I sold before it was taken off but didn’t process yet?
We almost broke $500 there for a second GME  🤚
KODK is still available on RH
Let's send it off!
I'm a virgin ape how do I join?
I have never bought a single stock. I have been reading about the GME rocket since last night. The suits deserve to lose and lose big.      can't get webull site to load, robinhood has shut down the cause and is backing Melvin so I hear, so how do I join? is there any way I can get in on this before it is over? what is the fastest way to be able to buy some GME, NOK, AMC?   I need help, I know nothing but I want to support the cause
$SNDL WILL BE THE NEXT $GME
Don't sell, buy more. We got this
Sick
Start buying doge
Got locked out of my investment account two days in a row. Time to leave. Where do you guys recommend I take my business?
Who likes Big Blue Candles ? We like these BBCs more than our wife’s boyfriend’s BBC!
SNDL blocked from Robin Hood now. Lol this shits a fucking joke
Robinhood has released a statement, but they have already fallen on their sword. FUCK ROBINHOOD USE WEBULL!
eToro works
Bought via eToro
WeBull still has the big four on their trading platform ready to BUY
I'm switching over now! See yall at Bernie's.
WE DECIDE THE PRICE, FUCK WALL STREET!
They throw all their fucking boomer shit on us, but here we stand, on the green zone, on our fucking rocket to the moon. This is way beyond the money. It's democratization, revenge and justice from a rigged system that's fucked so many people. This is HISTORY! (20 GME stocks @38)
Mr robot
Is this the next season of mr robot
Is stockpile a good broker?
Unsure because it's what I use for usual stocks and I'm not sure if using it for GME is a good choice... suggestions?     mfing $  is looking really tempting rn
USE WEBULL TO BUY GME
WEBULL at the moment allows it
HOLD THE LINE WE ARE REACHING NEW HEIGHTS
I'm gonna be sick...
WSB right now!
Praise deepfuckingvalue
I DONT GIVE A FUCK, MR GOLDBERG AND STEIN, IM NOT FUCKING SELLING
How do I get into this? Shit look fun as hell and I need bread
This shit look fun as hell and it tryna make some money as well I was wondering if anyone had any video links or article links to start teaching me, thanks guys
Just an honest question, NOT A BOT
I know the focus here for this week is still GME and AMC. Are we still buying/holding NOK as well?
What do you do with RH options? There is no option to buy or sell
We did it boys you fucking legends                     Its not over yet though, never sell! Never give up!
I AM DONE WITH ROBINHOOD! LIKE GOING TO THE CASINO AND THEM UNPLUGGING THE GAME YOUR UP ON.
If your still on Robinhood. You are the problem.
BBW
They haven’t shut up bbw yet! Build a bear to the moon
I missed out on Bitcoin earlier this year by selling all of my coins to pay bills. This is the universe giving me a second chance. I'm an underpaid retail worker and it ain't much but I'm TIRED of these billionaires fucking with us. LET'S. FUCKING. GO. TO. THE. MOON.
I have found a list of high short squeeze potential stocks all at a reasonable price. The only question: which stock do we like ?
Alright tards. We broke the Internet. The gain train doesn’t stop here though bud. As buffet once said, “Only pussies sell.” With that said,   shows all stocks with open short interest representing 30% plus of the outstanding shares. On this list are GME, AAL, AMC, FUBO, etc. This is fairly obvious up to this point: now what? Which meme stonk is catching all of our life savings? Which stock will i get a second mortgage on my house just to finance? Please WSB, tell me 🤑
The image my wife sent to me yesterday after approving giving another $1000 into GME. To hell with RH, Don’t let up everyone! TO THE MOON
back in the game
to the mooooon
Exodus
I am closing my Robinhood account as soon as all of this over and moving to a platform who doesn't let their hedgefund share holders use them to manipulate markets and fuck over the retail guys.   On top of that I just called up my dad he's gonna invest another $10k through his broker on my behalf (and throw in some himself). Fuck you Robinhood, you can't stop retards with access to daddy's boomer broker. By the end of this RH, Mervin, Citron are all going bust.
AAL!
TD Ameritrade app has crashed! #tdameritrade. It’s not letting me log in!
Just stopped by the moon on the way to mars!  ✊
Webull
Don't panic sell,  the app is just slow and glitching right now.
We love the stock!
Just a reminder that Robinhood is deeply involved with Citadel.
$40 million of Robinhood’s $80 million revenue comes from data sold to Citadel’s Ken Griffin & co. If you don’t already know, citadel provided funding for Melvin capital as he lost billions on GME. Robinhood has made it clear.. they are not with us. They will do anything they can to stir you away from these stocks. Keep fighting the good fight, we are just beginning!
Fuck Robinhood all in gme leave a bad review let them eat it
Dogecoin
Super cheap and is currently tearing it up right now. Still under 2 pennies a share.
Bought NOK yesterday. Getting worried. Will this still pop?
HOLD THE LINE. PUSH THIS TO 500!!!!!
GME
SO AT THE MINIMUM OBSTACLE AND DIFFICULTY, YOU QUIT? YOU SELL OUT? HAVE WE COME THIS FAR ONLY TO QUIT LIKE RATS AND LET THEM WIN AND LAUGH AT US? REALLY?! I KNOW YOU'RE STRONG, HOLD THE LINES, HOLD THE SHARES, HOLD AND THEY WILL NEVER WIN THIS!!!!!
Robinhood is doing the same shit to SNDL now
HOLD EVERYTHING BOISS
Automated Customer Account Transfer Service (ACATS)
AMC AMC AMC     we need this guys!
Entered at $390 let’s go boys
Bought some shares at $390 right after opening, let’s make some money y’all
Suing Robinhood for Market Maniuplation
The Mods need to start a GoFundMe to sue Robinhood for manipulating the market. When GME actually makes us normal people rich, Robinhood decides to help Melvin Capital save money. Let's show them who runs the stock market. GME $1000 EOW
Just bought 50 NOK!!!! To the
Robinhood's explanation. Blatant market manipulation. They're not even trying to hide it.
FUCK ROBINHOOD, ALL MY HOMIES HATE ROBINHOOD
Doge coin just about doubles and now Robinhood restricted them to.
Can we make a list of brokers that DO NOT allow you to purchase GME/AMC/etc?
I think we should make a master list of what platforms are allowing trading and not allowing people to trade these stocks. Thoughts?
GME - Let s go...
to Moon but to Mars
Now is a great time to buy $NOK!!!!! Buy it
Take note of of HYSR especially with Biddens climate change policy do it now!!!! Spread the word!!!!
Nice.
What's our Robin Hood alternative?
Robin Hood shut down traiding for Game Stop, NOK, AMC, etc. What broker should those of us who exclusively used Robin Hood, use now?
Get in on DOGE COIN start pumping
Fuck the gov. They can’t control crypto
Amazing point of interest if you look out the left window of the rocket. Now let's continue!
Screw robinhood. This should turn into a class action lawsuit. You can’t just keep people from buying more but allow them to sell. GIVE THEM A BOWING!!!
HOLD IT!!!! FUCKING HOLD IT!
IM ALL IN !
IF YOU ARE LOCKED OUT OF BUYING GME, YOU CAN BUY THE XRT ETF FOR EXPOSURE
XRT HAS LARGE EXPOSURE TO GME
FUCK WALLSTREET FUCK ROBINHOOD GME AND AMC FTW
Yolo
Yesterday I decided to follow the trend of people making money and yoloed my entire life savings (albeit small) into NOK and BB calls. What the big brokerages and SEC are doing right now is actually affecting peoples lives. I can’t even move from my bed this morning and have zero motivation to do anything knowing I just lost it all because of the suits and douchebags running the show
WSB Talking to Wall Street this Morning:
Just bought in AMC, BB at open. Still available on eTrade.
My pending GME purchase went through finally
Processing img dpy3vsyc73e61...
My ally investment account won't let me see my accounts. I don't even own any GME stonk. WTF!
CLEARS THROAT  Blaze it    and to the 🌕. I’m a customer and not and not an investor, don’t expect legitimate financial advice from me.
I took a screenshot at the perfect time.. BTW FUCK ROBINHOOD
My Canadian Investors: WealthSimple Still Open for Trading
GME won't last
So long term this company won't last. It's another Blockbuster, so how are you determining your sell price? Just saying "hold the line" isn't a strategy, it's a recipe to lose all your profit. It can go down just as fast as it went up. So what's the plan?
AA Looking GOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
MOON CHAINLINK
What now?
Which stock to invest now???
Let's $PLAY with some more Hedge Fund Moneeey
$PLAY babyyyy
Now look what you’ve done.
Just managed to put more fun coupons in to BB and NOK using trading 212. Had to wait 30 minutes for it to go through but I'm on my fucking way!
I thought
This was a free market. Now these stocks are getting blocked?!
Fuck Robinhood I bought this yesterday too NOK to the moon
Buy buy buy
Everyone buy im trying to buy from South africa rn
THEY HAVEN'T SHUT SNDL DOWN HOLD THE LINE MY AUTISTS
Can't even search GME or AMC on Robinhood.
Has Robinhood now blocked from searching GME and AMC?
Dogecoin is looking like an interesting buy
FOR ALL OF YOU WHO CANT BUY GME GET ON BLACKBERRY      THE DIP IS NOW LETS KILL IT AND GET RICH FELLAS
Get rich while you can friends
ROBIN HOOD ANNOUNCES TRADE BLOCK ON OUR STOCKS... BUT WE MUST HOLD STRONG AND BUY ON BANK APPS!!!
DO NOT SELL DO NOT SELL
DONT SELL YET WE ARE MAKING THE GAINS
HOLD NOK, they try to manipulate !!
They keep trying to push NOK down below -20% but we keep fighting !!!  Keep and Buy now in the dip !   NOK          P. S. Also Hold n buy BB and GME 😁💪🏽
What’s next?
Most trader cannot buy or add stocks on GME.   What stock is the alternative?  Holding GME until 1000
GME peak at   REMOVE LIMITS RETARDS. SEE YOU ON PLUTO
False Robinhood review on Apple store. I gave it 1 star rating. Do your job and protect others from apps like this
They will NEVER seize our memes of production
WE LIKE THE STOCK #420 (not financial advice)
Dogecoin dogecoin
Paper Hands my small GME holdings that was < 1 share this morning during the halt and it was filled for   a share. Didn’t even need to wait for the moon
Doge reaching $1 by the end of the day?
HOLD ON AMC       BUY OUR WAY TO MOON
Can’t believe Robinhood did us dirty   what the heck
Bought 1 GME and 33 AMC through Fidelity even after trading had been halted -   TO THE MOON
Trading on WeBull and RH that is!
!!!Second Wave!!!
Go Go Go
How do you pay respects on the discord server
Get DOGE to a dollar!!
It would be hilarious to see this skyrocket
Canadians who helped our American brothers during the world wars are down to help BUT IT TAKES 3 BUSINESS DAYS FOR OUR BAG OF LEAVES TO REACH YA’LL
Yikes
Wow guys this is crazy.
Checking prices for my TENDIES party
Dogecoin is   right now
Dogecoin is shooting up and I’m up 200%
NOK
I don’t wanna panic but whats the play with NOK? Down 20% we need to BUY and HOLD NOK
take off in t-minus......
lets go gents
Redditors of WSB we "WILL" change the world NOW let's GET BB TO PLUTO 🌏
We all want to make money and we don't give a shit what happens, bit fuck it.
HOLD AMC GME NKED DONT BE SCARED INTO SELLING THIS IS WHAT THEY WANT HOLD AND BUY MORE IF YOUR ABLE
Don’t let these brokerages fool u they will allow us to buy again soon we just need to be patient
ETORO OPEN FOR ANYONE IN THE UK
Sndl to the moon
Robinhood Cancelled my Order. Yet, this message implies that I cancelled it...
When the Wall Street     “borrow” our      and sell them to buy back cheaper in the future but us     finally get smart enough and start hoarding    driving up the price
Wallstreetbets
You making history guys. They are going to make a movie on you all
AMCX!! Just a theory: Boomers think this is AMC or someone does, because its going up and up and up. IM NOT GIVING ADVICE- I AM NOT A FINANCIAL ADVISOR!!!
Trading 212 only allowing selling of Gamestop shares to "Protect" their customers.
$SNDL
SNDL has also been restricted guys. HOLD THE LINE let’s show them who can hold this!!!
DON'T LET ANYONE TELL YOU DIFFERENT, JUST HOLD, HOLD, HOLD AND SHOW THEM WE'RE THE POWER! GME TO THE FUCKING MOON!
Open Backup Brokerage Accts and Transfer IN KIND
You have every right to open other brokerage accounts at other firms.   E-Trade Interactive Brokers JPMorgan YouInvest  All offer commission free trading and many will give you an account number and let you trade same day.   You also have the right to transfer your existing shares from one firm to another without selling. This procedure is called Account to Account Transfer (ACAT). This lets you move your positions in kind, including your cost basis.   Don't get stiff armed by firms into doing something you don't want to do. Open other brokerage accounts elsewhere.
DOGE!!!  📈 LETS GO ALL GAS NO BRAKES!
NOK help needed
Looks like paper hands are taking over or it's being shorted right now.  Don't know what to do....
Download Webull
Webull it’s working to buy or Sell AMC and GME
DOGE 2 THE MOON
They can remove stocks but let’s take doge to the moon next! #ForTheInternet
It won’t let me buy!!??!
BUY AMC! HOLLLDDD
Let's get NAKD 👀
NAKD for our sins
The real Robin Hood took it from the rich and gave it to the poor. RobinHood is doing the opposite and they are going to pay for it.
FUCK YOU! Gonna short your stock the moment you little basdards IPO!
Marketwatch won’t even display GME’s ticker - they fear us   🏻
FINALLY! I just wired money to Vanguard, bought a GME share for ~$400 and set a limit sell for $1,000,000. Press F to pay respects to all the shorts.
All 120% of them. Bahahahaha.
Good Buy for Now
If you are getting CENSORED FOR TRYING TO BUY GME, NOK OR AMC on your trading platform. NAKD  NAKD NAKD is another great BUY for YOU, because ROBINHOOD AND THE OTHER PLATFORMS have not CENSORED IT!!!! Get in while you can!
Want out of Schwab. What’s the best open trading platform?
Thoughts on Public? Still let you trade GME
Petition to permanently mass delete Robinhood from our lives.
They lack speed.  Speed is everything in trading, being able to instantly react to a change in the marker is essential, something obviously Robinhood does NOT complies with.   They lack responsibility.  If you lose money because they had issues with their site, is your fault for having thrusted them. If they give you something, is $75 to keep you shut from being part of a class action suit.  They lack free open market.  They limited trading and hide GME, NOK, BB, AMC just because they decided these had too much volatility. This is a clear indication of market manipulation.  THEY DONT GIVE A FUCK ABOUT US  So, suggest better trading apps in the comments to start trying new trading platforms, and lets ditch the fuck out of them.
Is Fidelity mispricing anyone else's GME? My last quote was $357/share
Caught it at the perfect time! To the moon baby
Schwab is doing the same No Buy on GME too.
It’s not just Robinhood, my Schwab also looks like the brokerage houses are all manipulating the market by not allowing buys. How is this F’ing fair?
I did not even agree to sell wtf , someone’s explain this
GME 30 mins after open
$1 SNDL Next GME
Everyone jump into SNDL when halt is over. Price is $1. Everyone can make money if you missed GME.
This is who we're betting against
HOLD AMC
HOLD 🤲🏼       ✨✨
$500+   ✨✨✨✨✨✨
Robinhood is restricting stocks
But the app “Public” still has all those stocks handy.
GME HOLD on Robinhood!! HCMC in the meantime.
Pretty simple. Buy HCMC NOW!! Sincerely yours... Money gang  🛰🛸
Trading 212 won’t accept calls, el toro won’t allow deposits. Can’t put money into anything
Feels bad
Help new smooth brain do I need option trading and or margin trading for etrade?
I dont know what I need to buy gme, bb, nok help plz.
If I was ever in doubt, I am not now. The power of the masses can be a sight to behold.
You all, through collective sense of justice, blew straight past 420 and didn’t even pause for a recreational snack. Not even a pause. I am humbled by the steely resolve of   active traders and I’m never up at freaking 630am to follow this stuff.
I just noticed like a million people joined WSB after the gains
Is Nokia set to rise in stock price and is this the next target for the reddit community?
BOYCOTT ROBINHOOD
Fuck them. They don't deserve our business.
DOGECOIN TO THE MOTHERFREAKING MOON HOLY FUGDE
45%
Should I sell AMC & NOK and put in in GME? Or Hold?
How do I get to Mars and fuck Wall St. on the way?
Webull having "technical difficulties"
I call bullshit.
Hold GME they getting scared boys trying to stop us
They blocking trades on a few exchanges. they are super scared. don't let the media fool you. They has so much to lose and we have so much to gain. Hold and don't look at it. we going to the moon soon. These hedge funds are going to have so many puts expiring worthless and they are gonna have to cover their losses and we are not giving up. The only way they covering is by giving us money XD. First they shut us down on discord and reddit. But we back boys. If you still wanna buy you can still do it on a select few exchanges.
SNDL DONT SELL FUCK ROBIN HOOD
CNET flat out lies and calls WSB a ponzi scheme that is secretly controlling the markets.
SNDL
NOK BUY THE DIP
Market Manipulating Brokers Blacklist
There needs to be a list kept of all the brokers who are limiting trading in GME and other stocks.      A lawsuit may work, but they've probably covered their arses with bullshit ToS. If we really want to hurt them and protect ourselves in the future,   million retards deciding to move to another platform that won't fuck us sounds pretty good to me. Robinhood only has 14 million users.      TD Ameritrade, Trading 212, and Robinhood are all restricting trading, not sure about other brokers.
NOK, AMC, BB, BBBY closed
My order was cancelled last night after hours. I'm tryna eat the rich and fly to the moon. Don't have much spare change, but I wanna get in on the revolution! What stocks can I order still? What are we gonna pump up next???
WE ARE BEING SILENCED
AMC to the fucking moon you bunch of retarded fucks
Probably not the wisest decision with us 4million+ degens but at least there’s a statement now.
The lies and manipulation are incredible with how far the reach is.
3 days ago Marketwatch had a post about different stocks that had short interest. The one that stuck out the MOST to me was MAC! Today they posted a brand new article with all kinds of names.      However, MAC isn't on there! Yet, with a little investigation you can find that MAC has a short interest of   of the float. Incredible.    Why would they want to protect MAC so badly and not let you know there are  80,670,000  short shares? I'm curious what your thoughts are.
Doge~A to the damn moon! Make my poor retard A rich!!!!!! Yeahhhhhhhhhh
Let’s send this turd into orbit!
Mass Migration
Once the GME rocket reaches Andromeda, we need a mass migration to a different brokerage because Robinhood is too unreliable. Making $GME, $AMC, and others unavailable to even look at, or crashing at market open. I feel like they enjoy bending people over. How would RH feel if they were the ones getting bent over. How are they allowed to do this?
Sad to be learning of the GME movement so far in.
Would have LOVED to hop on the train, but the prices are beyond me now. Congrats to those of you creating a difference. Hopefully I can learn more here and join in on the next. Power to the players.
Just a little fuel for the fire....
My cousin sent me this groupchat text this morning between his friends talking about construction on a big house in East  , NY. That they were working on. Apparently construction stopped on it today, at the expense of the builder who is apparently a partner to Melvin Capital.... #DiamondHands
Charles Schwab is also not allowing any new purchasing.
Keep holding, fellow autists
Long time lurker, first time poster on this sub. I love this community’s support for each other. Bought 5 gme yesterday at the peak, and it keeps on going today. I like the stock!
DONT SE HOLD
Nok a loss for me... if anyone is on Nakd.... please hold!
Nok a loss for me... if anyone is on Nakd.... please hold!
$69420 NEXT      HOLD YOU DEGENERATES HOLD
Holy shit DOGE is about to surpass its record since it’s been here!
Why is it doing that?
Keep seeing posts about AMC and the replies are calling them bots. Now I'm confused. Are we still on AMC or did we move on to another? Just not noticing much movement
Robinhood should not be called that anymore!! They need to change their name to the sheriff!!!
By the very nature of their name they should let things play out. How dare they control the will of the people!!
Me after I hold through the biggest dip so far
We did it bois. Wallstreet is no more.
Here is a detailed chart analysis of PSM (ProSieben   Media). The price target is 50% higher than the actual price and there are clearly buy signals! BTW Keep Buying GME!
Doge is booming, join us in the Moon. Moon party, we are millions.
DOGE
If the US Government prevents this from happening again let's do it in the European Stock Exchange. Y'all agree?
GME @
KickToken!
CGC still open on robinhood. to the moon???
First Million (after taxes) and 20+ Bagger, you can’t stop this revolution   👊 Generation
Grabbed a screenshot of the first sacred price.
'Twas the Night Before Takeoff
‘Twas the night before takeoff, When all through the sub,  Not a retard was selling, Not even a boomer chub,  The shares were held with hands of diamond, In hopes that DeepF\ ckingValue was right there behind them.  The wives were nestled all snug in their beds, While visions of boyfriends danced in their heads,  And Dr. Patel on his Twitter, And Chamath on the news, Holding positions and anticipating the cruise,  When out on Wall Street there arose such a ruckus, We only held stronger, to keep them from fucking us,  Away from the earth, we will fly with a flash, Now up through the clouds, dreaming of cash.  The stars on the horizon beaming with glow, Gave the luster of the tendies we began with below,  When, what to my wondering eyes should the enemy appear, But many-a-short-sellers grinning ear to ear.  With their cocky positions, so crooked and wrong, I knew in that moment it must be Citron,  More   than a bear, just like 2008, They’ve come once again, here to manipulate,  With broadcasts and articles, screeching of fraud, They called for our takedown, but alas they were flawed.  “Now NIO! Now NOK! Now TSLA and AMC! On PLTR, On BBBY, On EXPR and BB!  To the top of the charts! To the top of my screen! There’s only way to go! Green! Green! Green!”  For now, we must be patient, But my fellow retards, I’ll leave you with this,  Tis not for the gains, nor for fame, But for those whom we will help in our Hero’s name,  Look at those short sellers and who they thought they could mock, Now all they hear is “we like the stock”,  It is time, remain steadfast on our journey ahead, There is little to fear, when there is no sight of red,  The stories will be legendary, of the downfall of our enemy,  And for that to thank, we have   GME     \-LBC
IM NOT F CKING SELLING
This isn’t about money anymore. To the moon yes, but fuck Melvin fuck Shitadel fuck Robinhood I’m not fucking selling
Robinhood is really taking their time depositing my money 😑
Can we all start giving one star reviews for robinhood?
rating my ass
THEY WONT STOP US
Robinhood
Anybody get why Robinhood cancelled my orders that i put in last night ? I’m just a boy explain like I’m retarded
Everyone down vote Robinhood on the app store
If they want to play dirty. We can too.
Leave a mark.
GME!!!! HOLD!!!
Will AMC hit $20 again today? What do you think?
(Rooting for GME, AMC, BBB, NOK)
Yo wtf I want to play?! Thx Traderepublic for stop me from trading!
TheStockGuy on Twitch celebrates GME
TIME TO BLAZE IT MORE BOIS🔥🔥🔥
Now that’s a recovery guy!!! STONKS GO UP! 💸📈 WE ARE MAKING DAILY HIGHER HIGHS!!!!
AMC
AMC STANDS FOR   MONEY COMING !!!!
Sold TSMC to buy GME and AMC - DEGIRO   is working w/o any restrictions
TD Ameritrade working for buying
Probably a lot less people on TD platform so no restrictions yet, but just a heads up everybody TD ameritrade accounts are letting me buy GME. F Robin hood bailout on that BS and open a TD account
"There is no money here you can steal." "Really? Then why are you people here?"
Thanks guys
NOK
Nok to the moon
They missed one $BBW. Let's send these   to the 🌛BOIS!!      💪
Nice!
it hit it then blew right past it
Webull still has NOK and AMC up to trade
Let's go people! History is now!
Live look at Robinhood aka Sheriff of Nottingham’s upcoming IPO. FUCK YOU, CROOKS.
Robinhood ceases support on GME
Shut down another hedge fund ? Hahaha BUY AMC - LMND
Just Bough AMC + LMND , TO THE MOON !!! POWER TO THE PEOPLE!!!
DONT LEAVE $BB BEHIND
$BB IS BEING LEFT BEHIND GOD DAMNIT BRING US UP WITH YOU!!
HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD
DO NOT SURRENDER KEEP THE FAITH!
Next up.... $DAL
Let’s fuckin gooooo
How is GameStop reacting?
I'm loving watching the drama, but I have to know, what is GameStop reacting to this?
Say goodbye to the damn solar system, we closing in on the voyager 1 fellow retards
NAKD
Is NAKD still a buy? New to this...
How to get the support from the socialist
If you frame the argument as wealth redistribution you'll see the libs running to the front of the camera to applaud WSB. Their only complaint is that they didn’t get credit and the little people are less dependent on the government.
Wealth Simple Trying to Tell Us Something??!
#GME German Supports you, i just bought 1   all i got! Stay strong and HOLD!!!
AAL TO THE MOON??
All in on the 90's now
Robinhood disabled buy ability on GME
Robinhood won't let us buy GME anymore?  Fine, guess i'm buying more NAKD and NOK then.
GME hit $400 - have you filed your SEC/FINRA complaint yet?
Talk about bluechips and solid stonks. The bots are freezing based on social media traffic.
Freeze out the favored stocks by generating traffic and buzz. The bots are scanning for ticker buzz and automatically freezing trades. BABA, MRNA, NFLX, TWTR.   Say the names enough and you’ll see they cannot be traded either.   More than one way to skin a cat.
Pissed. Robinhood purchases were blocked this morning while shares were blasting off on webull. But trying to buy on webull left me with error messages. And now I get the notification that my after hour queue purchase on robinhood from was canceled from last night
FYI: Trading 212 still allowing BB and NOK buys!
Trading 212 has banned AMC and GME but that's it yet. Chance to buy??
Let’s start hittin them with some reviews. Fuck these guys
I don’t care if I lose 5k I’m not giving into these crooks
Robinhood cancelled my order of 5 shares.
HOLD $BB!! DON'T QUIT NOW.
LETS DO THIS BOYS!!
Let’s make them really mad!!!
DogeCoin!! Let’s run that shit up!!! They can’t even control crypto if they wanted to!!!
Fuck it im in! Only $170 ish but all i have  rocket emojis
$  ... nice
We invest our earned money and get mocked, but the rich can partner up through hedge funds and invest BORROWED money and receive all the support from society.
How is this fair? Why is society this corrupt?
I think we should go over to some DOGE😎
AMC DIP A GOOD BUY?
AMC TO THE MOOON WAS CALLED THE LAST FEW DAYS, BUY IN TIME??
For those who are looking to buy shares of GME, AMC, BB etc. Use other brokerages instead of Robinhood.
I’m hoping this post won’t get removed, but I placed order with Charles Schwab and the order went through. Ik its a hassle to create and use another account, but we are in times of financial inequality. Don’t give them a chance to stop you in any way. Once you made your money, you could decide which brokerage to use from there onwards.
The people always win! 33% gain with a FRACTION of the volume!!!
Are we still pumping amc and nok today?
BUY SLV. MARKET IS MANIPULATING IT AND WE NEED TO FIX IT. SEND IT TO THE MOON!
We gotta go Helms Deep on these fuckin' dicks!
Processing img 0w7m4zqa83e61...
$GME
Hold me tight baby.
Every little helps no matter the price! HOLD!
SNDL blocked from purchasing! The fire rises! Hold!
Robinhood blocking us from making money!
LET US IN
Bingo
EVERYONE LEAVE ROBINHOOD AFTER THE GME SQUEEZE
Robinhood profits by holding your cash and selling your information. After Robinhood colluded with shorts trying to bring GME back to Earth, it is clear they are not the broker of the people. DO NOT SELL YOUR GME POSITIONS. Once it stabilizes, sell-out and re-buy on another broker.
$  y'allll! I got the screengrab
Let’s go on   bought more this morning!!!
🤙
How can i get in on this gamestop thing
I know nothing of stocks, but i have a little extra money. Can some explain to me, what to do, where to go to buy, and what to do from there?
DID RH PULL TRADE OPTIONS ON SNDL?!
Cash app?
Any body blocked from making purchases through cash app?
Warning: Robinhood not only cancels your pending trades against your wishes, it uses the same verbiage and notifications as if you’d chosen to do it yourself. Same situation in email. Fuck these asswipes.
BRING ROBINHOOD DOWN TO THE 0 STAR RATING IT DESERVES (5 million of us anything is possible)
Question: Short Percent update?
Has there been an update on short % this morning? Are those fucking idiots still holding their shorts.
HOLD
Sndl purchases
FMV
FIRST MAJESTIC SILVER TO THE MOON
Now what?
Okay, so now you have the stocks. Now you have partial influence on the company. So what is the future for GameStop?
Could TRXC be the next GME???
Title says it all. If we put the power of WSB behind this stock that is still trading on Robinhood and other platforms, could we see the same type of gains??
Immediate Robinhood Alternative?
how to buy right this second? Tried Etrade but my deposit isn't released for buying until next week lol. Tendies buy the dip hold forever to the moon ectect
Trading platform collusion - SEC look here
This situation of being unable to exercise or sell my options has   my ability to trade. Trading platforms restrictions don’t seem to be driven by anything except going against the ethos on which they operate, based on some arbitrary market fluctuation. If it is found to be part of a wider scheme to address the swing to retail investing, and that somehow these platforms have been manipulated by larger institutions to put these restrictions in place, there should be an SEC investigation and I will be opening a class action lawsuit. I am disgusted by what I have witnessed in the last 24 hours.
Next: Gamestop to top 10 of Fortune 500
Just BUY and HOLD. DO NOT SELL. It's that simple.  Let's help Gamestop make it to the Top 10 of Fortune 500.
Any other app allowing the purchase of GME or AMC? RH is bullshit!!!
Need other apps to buy these stocks
KEEP BUYING CTRM
JOB IS NOT FINISHED, MAKE THEM BLEED
Just Want To Give My Support Every Retard Here
Haven't been active on WSB since March 2020. I just wanted to stop by and give as much support to you awesome retarded apes as I can.  Whether you're a gay bear or your wife's boyfriend's bull, I support you. I checked Robinhood (ironic fucking name) today and saw that $GME has been HIDDEN FROM SEARCH. Purchase orders aren't even working. But you sure as shit can close position!  That is 100% market manipulation, you can't convince me otherwise.  Everyone who has $GME, HOLD WITH YOUR DIAMOND FUCKING HANDS.  Fuck these hedge funds, we will win.
TDAmeritrade
Bullshit. Can’t log in...costing me tendies. Be strong WSB.
DONT WORRY GUYS I GOT THE SCREENSHOT
They just now locked down SNDL for additional purchase too on #RobingHood
Pressure from hedge fundz?
These fudging online broker wont let me buy GME AMC SNDL. Fking casino losing $ and call for regulation?
The suits are doing the same with $LMT !! (short float from   shares to 3m shares within weeks)
This is probably one of the best companies on the planet, beating estimates like a clockwork since decades!  Yet the suits want to go in cheap now due to international tensions raking up. Therefore they are shorting it like crazy!
Save AMC (serious)
I think it's possible.   What do you think?
! STOP SELLING BB !
Buy Naked Brand Group!!!!!
Buy buy buy
FCEL
LETS MAKE NOKIA GREAT AGAIN
EVEN WITH MARKET MANIPULATION AND WE ARE FLYING
I saw it and it was beautiful.
When you he ticker hit  , I knew god was with $GME. I can only say that only through the strength of    and a supernatural being could   even be seen by mortal eyes. May we all be blessed with tendies.
Where do we move to from Robinhood?
IF YOU CANT BUY YOU CAN STILL DIAMOND HAND YEEHAW HAHAHAHA
It's on boys.
Funding secured. See y’all on Mars              next stop $
Rickpat requires it.
Nice
So which one is next? They keep blocking stocks, but I got all day if they just want to shut the whole thing down one ticker at a time 🤣
Fuck the establishment. Our turn to change the way the game is played.
Nice
And on the night before Squeezmas, an autistic REEE could be heard all around the lands
WE BROKE SCHWAB
The trading system is unavailable. Please try again later.
UK brothers and sisters Freetrade are still allowing GME BB AMC trading and instant account topups on iOS          to the moon
YOU AUTISTS MADE THE NEWS AGAIN
BUY OCGN
Everybody in their right minds who see this and understands the true power of wsb should buy ocugen ASAP. Buy the ask and absolutely flood the shorts out we’re in for a mega squeeze. Blow up the ticker
LESH GOOOOOOO
Processing img kvvsmcv183e61...
DOGE COIN
Now GME is hold by robinhood, why not do DOGE more then ever before. No one can stop that, out of the books of the gov! Lets go
Yo wtf you can’t buy more GME? Where can you?
With all the Major apps down, and all the dirty tactics they are using we are still winning.
It is clear that no one wants to sell, and that we won't let them win. Enough is enough. I don't even care about loosing all my money. I just want justice.
One star the hell out of Robin Hood they ate screwing all of us.
E TRADE- accepting trades
I may be a dinosaur in this but E TRADE and other platforms are still accepting/trades.  I just purchased NOK this morning. Fuck Robinhood.
Seriously noob tard question.
Since RH and others are actively blocking free trade what is everyone else using? Too new to this to know better. Guide me to glory fellow apes.
It was never about the tendies
BUYY BUYY BUYY NOK      NOKIA Challenge 100$ Let's GOOO
GUYS PLEASE HOLD BB!!!!!!!!!!
Buy dodge coin ! Just dropped $1000 on it
buy buy buy BB
Too late?
Have I missed the bandwagon and is it best to buy GME or AMC if I do?
Can't buy anything else so...
SNDL? What yall think?
Let's win this
Buy NOK if you can't get GME
MARKET MANIPULATION PROOF HERE IN CANADA. THIS IS BULLSHIT. FUCK WALLSTREET!!
At first, I was like these apes are on to something. Then I saw the landing pads fueling these rocket ships. Tendies on the moon.  Then, I decided to help the effort and this is what I was brought with. A bunch of Bank BS jargon trying to bring you guys down.  Fuck them!
ATTN Mods: New sub rule request: BAN screenshots from RobinHood, lets help them commit seppuku after their actions today,
I like the stock
DON’T SPREAD YOURSELVES TOO THIN by looking for so many other stocks right now or the whole idea will not work. Brokers will have to open and remove trading restrictions at some point. SIT TIGHT, DONT SELL, BUY WHEN IT REOPENS FOR TRADING
WE DID IT ! TO THE MOON
HEAD OF CITIGROUP TRADING PANICKED !! SHARE
Processing img 0mylkzdr73e61...
Bruh look at this
CASHAPP
YOU CAN STILL BUY AMC ON CASHAPP🤑
Is amc ok?
Leave Robinhood and use other trading Apps!!!
Robinhood is restricting our freedom. This is ILLEGAL!!
Ape need advice
I’m a Southamerican monke with no stock market experience and I want to make some quick money, should I buy GME stocks?
UK Press also creating fear - HOLD
Front page of The Guardian UK  1) Shares likely to fall    2) Live: GameStop surges    🤦‍♂️   Processing img veu1s82z73e61...
BUYY BUYY BUYY NOK      NOKIA Challenge 100$ Let's GOOO
HOLD ITS GONNA HIT 1000
i’m so proud of you tards 🥲
Two sane people defending the people on Bloomberg
Where do I go to buy GME??
Are there any more instant fund trading apps??
CASH APP wont let me buy NOK!
Are there any suggestions on what to use besides robinhood or cash app?
Robinhood is freezing buys. What's the next best app?
I checked out MooMoo, but the verification codes won't work, along with it being Chinese owned.

Make these fuckers bleed
Wall Street threw everything and the kitchen sink at us to get us to fold. What they've done, blocking trading of GME on RH, TD, WB, etc. is straight up criminal and needs to have repercussions. Make them bleed.
NIO is   Most shorted stock on the stock exchange.
So sick of industry shorters driving NIO down. They kill it on execution, better products, innovation and they will make money a year earlier than TSLA. Small wonder Mr. Musk recruited the help of Andrew Left, Citron and others to drive down the price of a better company. Good news and NIO goes down, bad news (exploding cars and recalls) TSLA goes up. Its OVER!!! BUY NIO Sell TSLA. Better company with more integrity of leadership. Kill Cheater Musks' army of paid shorts like Apollo slayed Cyclops. Word is getting out look at the charts. TSLA is falling!
Take it easy on the customer service reps on the brokerage apps today
Be nice to them. They are not our enemy! Remember that. Hold the line...  (This is not investment advice.)   135 @76
Love this Level II chart, no sellers only buyers! HOLD THE LINE!!
The boys are BACK in town !!!
Do not sell!!!!! ROBINHOOD restriction does not mean to sell!!! HOLD  HOLD!!!!
Wes Moore
Wes Moore is the CEO of Robin Hood, one of the largest anti-poverty forces in the nation. He is a bestselling author, a combat veteran, and a social entrepreneur.
No more comments on webull?
I went to look at the comments on some stocks and I don't see them anymore? Anyone else seeing this?
ROBINHOOD PEOPLE—BUY AMCX!!!
AMCX IS GROWING NICELY AND UP 13% ALREADY TODAY! THEY CAN BAN AMC BUT THEY HAVEN’T BANNED AMCX!
Doing it for the cause! #Save$AMC
Way to go.. so many jokes about $  ...... booster rockets kicking in....   🎢
Here we go.
HOLD GME FFS
HOLDDDDDDD this is the beginning. 500 EASY
WE DID IT BOY FUCK THE SUITS WE HOLD TILL 10,000
Look at this horse shit from Stash. Is it a Free Market or what? The hypocrisy of Wall Street is never ending.
The fat cats sorted expired today. Buy the dip. Nok
Hi welcome to Tendie Town, how may I help you today?
SEND DOGECOIN!!!!
Dont sell BB!
I thought $  was a joke
And I think $  is but damnit- I can’t believe it. I k is many of you set that as your limit - I hope you adjusted it.
WE GOT IT TO THE MEME NUMBER NOW LET GO TO THE FUCKING MOON
SWITCH TO WEBULL, FUCK ROBINHOOD

We’ve done it
Inovio "The shorted PEOPLES Vaccine"
Inovio INO   is being   blocked by the FDA   to moving to Phase 3 because their   life saving COVID vaccine INO-4800   utilizes a previously approved new Injector (is approved in Europe). They want to stop this vaccine at any cost because   big PHARMA gets nothing   out of it. So they pump this s\ it in our arms that GERMANY(Over 65) wont allow that make us SICK and in a dozen cases leads to death. We need to   fight back the SHORTS   on Inovio to give the company money to   fund SAVING OUR LIVES  !
Uk Broker
Anyone know UK Broker which actually allows investing lol
Ally Invest is down now too
RH STOPPED SNDL
RH STOPPED TRADES ON SNDL, MOFOS
FUCK ROBINHOOD! $GME up to 500 and beyond, TODAY!! this is pure market manipulation. we have to stick together and give them an even bigger fuck you.
hold till atleast 1000, then switch away from RH. these fuckers are shoving it up ur ass. i am fucking livid. GME TO THE MOON AND BEYOND!!
Not quite understanding something...
If Robinhood, Schwab and a bunch of these platforms have stopped the purchase of buying shares of GME, how is the price still climbing?  I'm new to this.
Long clean power capital, it is hydrogen!!
HIGH   REALITY ISNT REAL
Wow
Seriously Robinhood....... Let's blow up NOK ,AMC, GME. KEEP IT GOING.
Green is sus AF ! Fuck you Robinhood. One star and uninstall
GME Technical Opinion
E TRADE issues
I’m seeing a lot of Robinhood complaints, but I’m having issues logging in to E trade. Anyone else?
I love you idiots
DOGE to the fuckin MOON
These Institutes Have Wronged Us
They manipulated our ability to trade. Its not enough that the big fish can trade 24/7 past when the market closes, but now they get to decide which stocks we get to buy and sell. Its a free and public market. I've done some research and the FTC take suspicion activity reports. I think we should report. They costed us some money, they aren't playing fair. Let's do everything in our power to get what we want. We shouldn't have to worry as the little guy if I invest, will I be able to SELL. If we have money invested that is our money and they don't care if the little guy loses $100. There is so much wrong in this market.
Where were you?
Processing img rrgai6o883e61...
This is hilarious
Look, I hate wall street just as much as y’all. But they actually have power, and you might be winning now but they’re gonna hit back hard, sooner than later. Be smart!
I was able to buy 1 more GME at Webull !
Bought another $10k oh $GME   now gonna fill the rest of this to make sure I get 102 chars
You retards better leave RH after this. THIS IS WAR.
Fidelity
Go buy up people!!
CLVS
HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD
FUCKING HOLD
We have yo change oye gun to the other shoulder BUY BUY BUY AMC     because GME is imposible
I bought a bunch of Naked shares, how long should I hold on?
I bought a bunch of Naked shares, how long should I hold on? I don't know what the potential of this stock could be and I am lost on where I should hope to sell it.
eToro works in Czech Republic, we are here with you guy. I just bought! GME HOLD
Dogeeeee!!!!
Give it alll
You convinced me, I'm in the flight now. My only shot to ever get a Black Lotus, so wish me luck rocketeers!
1000e might not seems a lot, but that's a big Yolo for me. Hope we meet up there!
What can I use to buy more GME?
Need help on AMC, BB, NOK
Some of us poorfags can't afford GME. How about some love for BB, NOK and AMC? A rising tide is supposed to lift all ships, not just those with GME.
BUYY BUYY BUYY NOK      NOKIA Challenge 100$ Let's GOOO
BB is happening!
BB is going to the moon!!!!!!  UP up up and UP,  Dipping before climbing
LESSON LEARNED FOR THOSE WHO DIDN’T SELL
This should make us all even more confident and make our diamond     even harder!! We just watched a drop from 450 to 260 and now it’s bounced back to 460.  If you’ve had ANY doubt 1K is not happening, this should give you the confidence and brass balls to HOLD THE LINE
Yessir!! GME TO THE MOON
$SNDL is now also unavailable on robinhood!
$SNDL has just been one of the most recents stocks to lose support from robinhood
I thought it was just a dream. $  LET’S GOOOOOOOOO    🏻  🏻  🏻  🏻  🏻  🏻  🏻
LONG China A stock next
buy SHA: 600031
IM A REAL AMERICAN!
Processing img bld9q8a783e61...
Houston we have lift-off reaching first stage of
DOGECOIN TO THE MOON!!!!
Let's make Stonkia hit the moon! NOK all the way!
Buy and sell, let's give them hell!  420 at close!
Fuck Robinhood
Trading Servers
Funny how trading has paused on GME,NAKD, and SNDL about 4 times   has made me more determined as ever to get in!!!
SNDL
GME Shit Posting
Check out SRMX and KYNC - same fundamentals as GME, or better, and shares cost less $
We Ride
AMC: LET`S GET IT TO THE MARS
PLEASE HELP US TO GROW AMC TO THE MARS!
Mom get the camera
BLAZE IT. IM NOT FUCKING SELLING
Repost boys
Nice.
GME to Pluto
Bought at the right time!
So RobinHood cancelled BB and
So, the Robin Hood app cancelled my pending purchase of BB and NOK. What are some other alternative's I can use?
STOP SELLING R WORDS
THIS SHIT AINT STOPPING NO POINT IN SELLING NOW
GRSO, VDRM, OZSC, EVUS, DPLS, BLSP, IBKKF
GRSO, VDRM, OZSC, EVUS, DPLS, BLSP, IBKKF
Robinhood has chosen a side - We need to ban together and collectively leave Robinhood.
A group of executives got together at Robinhood and decided that they were going to block the purchasing of shares. They new this was not in retail investors best interest and they knew it would go against everything a free market stands for. They didn’t care. They don’t give a shit about us. We are sheep to them. I’m done with them.
HOLD!!!! You see whats happening to GME! just because some platforms are restricting us doesnt mean they can hold us off forever. Hold Hold Hold !
Just got this while trying to log into my stash app. Thoughts?
Robinhood delisted BBB, Naked brands ?? like wtf
have y'all seen how much Robinhood took off ???
New to investing
Hi! I’m 19, and I have some money saved up. I’m wondering what the best way for me to start investing would be.   Any advice is helpful advice! Thank you!!
Put in an order last night. No, no I did not!
SEC has halted GME & AMC buys across the board
I just spoke to a friend who works for fidelity and she informed me it’s not just Robinhood, her company and others have halted buying as well and it is coming straight from NASDAQ.  She stated it likely came down from the SEC & said it’s not market manipulation (laughable) The issue with options and calls are, there are literally no stocks to buy. Each company only has a specific amount of shares a company has outstanding.   Curious to know how common this type of occurrence is.
KEEP BUYING. LETS
Merril lynch (bank of America) platform is working right now. Buy as much as you can.
So like WTF I can’t buy GME, NOK, BB, AMC and the SCC expects me to believe this market is free and has not been hijacked GTFOH!!!!!!!
Serious Question
How do we beat these fuckers if they don’t have to play by the rules?
BREAKING NEWS: "This just in: users around the world are reportably 'Not fucking selling'."
unity gone. But anyways buy GME
RETARDS- NOKIA (NOK) is actually a leading company in 5G. HOLD OR BUY NOKIA (NOK)
What is the point of equilibrium to bankrupt the GME Hedge Funds?
Sure, if people keep buying and holding the line, the hedge funds which were already holding positions will be getting pummeled and may even go bankrupt. But unless its participants are personally liable, for example as guarantors, any debts exceeding the value of the Hedge Fund will only be a loss to retail investors because the Hedge Fund will just declare bankruptcy. It won’t matter if everyone in the planet buys GME. Can someone explain?
Which platforms are still trading GME?
I think we need to highlight which platforms are still trading GME right now, so people can find it, and so we know who to quit using.
Celltrion is under attack by short sellers in south korea
Help us!!!
AAL flies to the Moon. Let’s Go.
Robinhood is the #1 free app on the iOS app store
GOT EM
Pushing the line!
I’m so proud of everyone! Despite the failure of so many platforms today not only is the line holding its pushing higher and higher!! Let’s keep this going!   Short sellers bet on misery and provide no useful function to anyone... this is about more than our short term gains!
For those interested in SLV:
For those interested in SLV discussing the element of naked shorting and capital excess thrown into that market, I refer to you an article posted in 2014, which states:      The silver shorts market is 250x the physical silver market.   If you think GameStop was over leveraged on shorting. That was the baby.
Robinhood canceled my orders. What are we dumping money into that’s STILL on Robinhood?
Fuck em. Let’s buy something still on the app.
Oh, you need to cover your short? That’s terrible. Best I can do is $1,000 +     Not selling these until then.
Apologies if this was already made and posted (I am not a financial advisor, nor is this financial advice)

DOGE the move 🤔
Are mods on your side for sure?
$NOK NEEDS PUSH
BUY $NOK AND HOLD
Portnoy posted this
AMC buy the dip
Discord
How does one gain a talkable role on the Discord server?
TD AMERITRADE ADDED TO THE LIST OF MANIPULATORS!
With Robinhood down, Square Cash is still letting you buy AMC and NOK. They didn't have GME before this started and it's the fastest route to set up a new account.
Fuck Robinhood.
Oh my god, the autism finally led to something!!!
NOK JUST DIPPED READY TO FLY HIGH
ALRIGHTY boys NOK just dipped back down to $5 its time to to send it back over $10 lets GOOOOOOOO.      BUY NOK     BOU NOK     BUY NOK
You dirty apes are doing more than making me money
Your restoring my faith in humanity, and that is worth more than every cent I will earn. Eat the rich and clutch diamonds!  Position:  1 GME @ 330 like a fucking retard
H ck Robinhood
Robinhood alternative?
I would like a platform that actually allows me to trade. Robinhood blocked all the stocks I like and webull seems to so the same... any thoughts?
VPOR?
VPOR is up 200% the last few days.
BB is da wae!!!!
NAKD BUY
GERN
What about GERN?  They have a cancer treatment that looks like a cure, but Big Pharma and the hedge shorts have beaten this company into submission because more money is being made in treating symptoms than delivering cures.
TRTC keep the dispensaries open
Public Enemy #1
Well @barstoolsports I propose a new stock site Barstool Trading! Make it happen Portnoy. RH should be made to pay for our loss in the market! Class action full speed a head!
A QUESTION TO TD AMERITRADE FOLKS! I CANNOT BUY GME ON MY RETIREMENT ACCOUNT
CAN YOU GUYS BELIEVE THIS?  I CANNOT BUY GAMESTOP STOCK ON MY HSA TD ACCOUNT  I HAVE CLEARLY FUNDS AVAILABLE TO TRADE AS YOU CAN SEE IN THE IMAGE BELOW           NOW THE INTERESTING PART COMES  I TRY TO BUY GME AT MARKET OPEN AND THIS IS WHAT I GET        HOW INTERESTING? I CANOT BUY GME BECAUSE I DO NOT HAVE ENOUGH FUNDS SETTLED?  BUT I WAS OF COURSE ABLE TO BUY AMD ABOVE  THIS IS MY RETIREMENT ACCOUNT AND THESE ARE THE FOLKS I AM SUPPOSED TO TRUST MY RETIREMENT MONEY WITH?
Front Page of The Times
How can they blame high volume and just shut things down?!
FUCK ROBINHOOD, FUCK WALLSTREET, AND FUCK THESE HEDGE FUND CUNTS THAT CAN"T MAKE MONEY WITHOUT MANIPULATION!
I don’t care what stock you are in. I just want to hear from everyone that they are holding the line.
Don’t sell. Repeat don’t sell hold the line.
Was it worth it, Robinhood?
YES BOYS LETS GOOOOOOO!!!!!!!

Who needs a stimulus check when you have a free market
Seriously though...
🏽  🏽  🏽  🏽  🏽  🏽  🏽  🏽  🏽  🏽  🏽  🏽  🏽  🏽  🏽  🏽
Rate Robinhood one star @ the App Store. Write a review. File an SEC complaint. They can’t get away with this bullshit!
FUCK MELVIN FUCK HEDGE FUNDS
SNDL
SNDL.  BUY BUY BUY
We are winning guys! HOLD THE LINE!!! GME is above 420 mark
Not actual financial advice. I just like the stock.
TOMORROW MELVIN DIES AND WE PICK UP THE LOOT
I just reported robinhood to the SEC for blatant market manipulation, I think you should too.
Cmon guys let’s put BB to the moon today!
Literally can't add money to any accounts
Robinhood shit the bed so I'm trying other apps but I can't even get money to transfer into Revolut... How do I get in on this?!
HTZ
PROTIP: I'm using my IRA to trade today.
DON'T YOLO your retirement. BUT you could sell some shares of an IRA stock that might be doing well, and buy AMC, BB, or GME. I'm not giving financial advice, but this is how I'm trading today.
BUY THE DIP!
AMC AMC AMC AMC AMC AMC AMC
Robinhood, you wanted a war? You’ve got a war. This will never be forgotten. Never.
this is not financial advice, this is war   And NOT TO GET POLITICAL but where the fuck is this “President of the People” right now? I thought the Dems were supposed to be on the side of the common man? Sleepy Joe hasn’t gotten up from bed yet?????   sorry for getting a tad bit political but this situation has surpassed simple markets
TD Amer is laggy as fuck anytime I try to trade or buy and also how is this not manipulating the market
HOW DO I BUY GME FROM OUTSIDE THE US?
letsgooo
New Robinhood logo suggestion
MICHAEL'S TO THE MOOOON
HOLD THE FUCKING LINE WE ARE IN THIS TOGETHER RETARDS SDS
Lets goooo  I just like the stonk
Revolut are now allowing people to buy GME again
MAKE YOUR VOICES HEARD! STAY STRONG
NOKIA IS GAINING FIRE FROM THE FLAMES OF HELL READY TO BURST THROUGH THE DOME ONTO THE MOON
IZEA
Down under is down. Missing out...
AMC
TD Ameritrade is letting you trade if you have an account AMC is booming GME is Booming
Macys?
HOLD STOP BEING PAPER HANDED YOU RETARDS
HOLD GME AMC BB NAKD HOLD IT ALL ITLL JUMP BACK
I woke up to purchase $900 more of GME on RH and ended up selling $900 due to muscle memory
How the fuck can they do this? Anyone have suggestions on how to get back in immediately? I now only own one share. This is ridiculous
GME @ $
Robinhood wants to do this? I say we fight back. Google play guys have already done it, but we need one star reviews on IOS. Who’s with me?
I wonder how the companies who's stocks have been halted feel about it?
Is it too late?
After seeing all the buzz about GME, as someone who doesnt trade, yet, is it too late to start?  Since the price is only going up is it at all possible to buy partial stock?   Would really appreciate any help!
Let's make SOLO fly like the Millennium Falcon!
Let's make SOLO the next Tesla!! Shoot the moon!!
Jumped into AMC and GME
Let's run em both friends.  Good luck!
Even Revolut is blocking me from buying AMC
Fidelity is still allowing trade on every stock!
Fidelity is still allowing trade on every stock!
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, WE GOT HIM
MAKE 420 THE NEW BENCHMARK LETS GO GO GO GO ITS WAR TIME MEN THIS IS IT
LETS GO BOYS WE NEED TO KEEP PUSHING AND NEVER LOOK BACK
Nokiaaaaa
I'm not selling
Let's top the most searched charts and send a message! Search: I'm not selling on Rbinhood
SNDL Now Blocked on Robin hood. IM holding!
What’s the next stock ?!!
Robinhood sold my AMC shares at a loss
I posted a stop less sell for $200 a share yesterday.  Robinhood sold them for me at $14 just now.
In the event all the brokerage apps/websites have “issues” on JudGMEnt Day, what’s plan B?
Robinhood won’t let you see it. Sofi won’t load shit. Bitches be halting and throttling on the floor. If I wanted to sell my $GME right now, which I wouldn’t because these hands could cut glass, I couldn’t through my Sofi app or website.  What do?  Diamond hands. Diamond nips. WSB got dem tips. Halp.
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO PUSH THE $GME!!
They are shooting down the ROCKET
I joined this sub 2 days without even knowing it existed before. I was skeptical about all this rocket science but after seeing all of you unite to build it and actually see it flight, I was amazed. But a bit skeptical about the need to destroy Melvin. Anyway, I was favorable to the cause and tried to buy AMC but nothing works. And now this morning, after seeing all these blocks and these halts, I can now witness that your rocket is being shot down in the sky!! WHO SHOOT TO A ROCKET FULL OF RETARDS IF THEY HAVE NOTHING TO HIDE ?!?!  Well, that convinced me that we have to continue BUY and HOLD and get to the bottom of this !   \-From a soon to be retard
Complain to the SEC!
What are doing with AMC? Am I leaving the gun or taking the cannoli?
Who wants to see how many hedges can be clipped in a year?  We need landscaper flair for clipping hedges!!!  Can someone start meming “Hedge Clippers????”
Degiro broker has behaved exceptionally for us Europoors
I read all these broker problems with orders not going through yesterday and today robinhood completely blocking buy orders.     Degiro is not considered a serious trader platform, yet my orders went in beautifully. Today I bought at 265 dollars. Didn't believe that the order would go through, but it did. No issues with my yesterday buy in as well. I liquidated my whole account and went all in with you.  I officially went full retard.
🏻 AMC
Fuck the shorts we in it to win it
Let’s get DOGE to $1 -
DOGE to $1
I AM AWAITED IN VALHALLA WHERE THE TENDIES WILL BE PLENTIFUL. HOLD THE LINE YOU  🤲 MUNKES
Cannot login to TDA on mobile
Logging in and refreshing lags on my desktop and it tells me login failed when I try on mobile.   Also, who the hell is selling AMC?
No more trading
So are we leaving RH?
So in other news..
DOGE?! Wtf
Fuck Robinhood

BOUGHT ANOTHER 10 SHARES @ 376 - HOLD IF YOU CAN’T BUY       SQUEEZE THEIR BALLS
SNDL
They took this off of robinhood too smfh I got in just in time but they are doing too much regulating.
fucking
I can't do much right now but I CAN FUCKING HOLD and YOU CAN TOO
This isn't about making some tendies anymore, the world sees it and they all know. We're changing history now. Wipe my entire portfolio (94% GME, 6% BBBY), idgaf I'd rather see a better future for myself and people like all of us. Anyone else?
It's illegal, I'm European, we are with you, it's not possible they do that
Let's go, they want control the financial world, but they don't know us, buy BB, GME and AMC !!!!!
I've Changed Sides to the Degenerates
I used to believe in the boomer style of investing and always looked down on WSB for being a group of degenerate gamblers. The $GME fiasco has made me realize that WSB is no different than the rest of the hedge funds, except that they do it publicly instead of in the dark.      Boomer trading sucks, $TSLA and $GME to the moon, fuck robinhood and WallStreet Boomers, and secure the tendies.
Robinhood Alternative?
Is there an alternative to Robinhood since they have removed the stocks we want to buy?
Fuck RH, a compilation of some resources to understand what's going on for GME
DO NOT SELL YOUR ROBINHOOD SHARES, DONT FALL FOR IT, LOOK BELOW FOR SEC COMPLAINT FORM, SOMEONE PLEASE PIN THIS       READ THE DD'S! People went to a lot of trouble to make them!    Then read these posts. The more you know, the less their scare tactics can rattle you.      They are STILL borrowing shares to short. See how the number is decreasing!  That means Short Float IS INCREASING       SHORTS ARE STILL ON THE CHOPPING BLOCK NEWBIES, THEY'RE JUST CHUMMING THE WATERS FOR US       Isn't it interesting that no one on CNBC is talking about the Gamma Squeeze? I haven't heard a SINGLE mention of it. Yet... that pops off again on Friday! Numbers/Math ain’t capable of lies but PEOPLE and MEDIA certainly are. Hold your nerve!  There are several people who got scared when things went down yesterday, these Wall Street shills managed to unnerve some of our fellow retards during the too-well timed Discord ban, SEC scare story, and small volume short sells to drive lrice down in AH.   LOOK AT IT TODAY. 5,000 IS NOT A MEME ANYMORE   Don't let them get under your skin, nothing but     Make sure you know the Short Squeeze hasn't even begun!   Another Gamma Squeeze still coming on   Friday  .  SHORTS HAVE NOT CLOSED!   I'm not an advisor, this is not financial advice, but I LOVE this STONK!              UPDATE: First freeze of the day @ $ , 1 min 29 seconds into trading      SECOND FREEZE @$ , 8:39 Central      50% recovery in 10 minutes of trading
🤩 DO NOT SELL 🤩
DONT SELL KEEP IT, NO REASON TO SELL AT ALL

I believe in you all
Guys I'm new here but after seeing the recent events, I want to say I'm all in. I will help anyway that I can. Just left a 1 star review for Robinhood. Let me know how I can help.
FRAUD TRADING APPS
Now even Ameritrade won’t allow in. Must be taking down all the GME, AMC. Probably SNDL too since that can no longer be bought on Robinhood. Can anyone else get in Ameritrade?
Dogecoin
Dogecoin time baby
DONT LET THEM SCARE YOU
THE DAY IS OURS, STAY STRONG     APE STRONGER TOGETHER
THE CAN'T CONTROL CRYPTO (DOGECOIN)
I WANNA START THIS BY SAYING DO NOT SELL GME.  BUT, IF YOU ARE ON ROBINHOOD, OR ANY OTHER TRADING APP, THAT ALLOWS YOU TO BUY CRYPTO, THAT HAS ALSO BANNED GME OR ANY OTHER STOCK YOU LIKE, OR MOONSTOCKS, AND YOU HAVE MONEY IN YOUR ACCOUNT THAT YOU CAN NOT USE BECAUSE OF THE TRADE BANS, PUT IT IN DOGE.  TRUST ME, WE DID THIS MONTHS AGO AND WE WILL GET DOGE TO THE MOON. DO NOT PULL OUT OF GME OR ANY OTHER STOCK, ONLY USE YOUR EXTRA FOR DOGE. THEY CAN NOT CONTROL DOGE.
Robinhood will burn
I am a paper handed bitch boy. Now that this is out of the way, I have now money to help with GME, BB or AMC. All I can do is uninstall my robinhood and close my account. This is the only message I could send to help the cause! I will be spinning up TDA or Webull soon, once founds are freeded up!
It just feels so good to be a part of this
Seriously, this whole thing, this whole community, and this whole journey is incredible, HOLD/BUY where/what you can friends!  We can do this!  This is not financial advice, nor do I solicit it, good luck all!     (I hope I got the right flair, sorry if I didn't.)
WTAF?
GME smoking some hot pot
Processing img 7qyig3ik83e61...
EU need to buy gme now, we are the frontline today
Since all the American brokers are committing fraud, we the Europeans need to buy. DONT SELL, FUCK THE BIG BOIS, TO THE MOON  #      #      #
VYNE, SINT and X
What do y’all think about these stocks? American Steel hit $40 at one point.
Upvote if you are moving out of robinhood today. Show them with numbers how much they messed up
Hope you drown robinhood. $GME forever. Keep breaking the system degenerates!  Complete frozen people's assets with no legal right. When bitcoin plunged and wallstreet got rich no one whined. we went and got our 9-5 jobs and kept alive. But you came crying, kicking and screaming because we are better than you. Ape is better than you! Gamestronk!
WHATS THE NEXT SNDL
Need a new app or site recommendations
What’s another app or site besides Robinhood to use???
Nice
Proud of you GME tards

BIGC
GETTING LOCKED OUT BY ALL MY ACCOUNTS! FUCK these censorship assholes. Gotta find the next squeeze!!!
FUCK ROBINHOOD
TIME TO HOLD DONT FALL FOR ANY DIPS ON GME
Any dips on GME are to scare us.  They are the investors selling off portions .  HOLD ON GME HOLD ON GME! THE LONGER THE HOLD THE BETTER THE MONEY!
amc
hoooold amc fukinn hoooold
Hold the line GME/BB. This is our moment. All in! Buy the BB dip. Hold and buy gme!
Just sold all my crypto yesterday and went 5k more into gme and 2k into bb. Let's get it!!!!
Long live our union
This is the testing time hold hold   good to eachother. Next in line  capture NOK
Market open get in
To those from GERMANY. If u have Trade Republic can u see anything. Bekommt ihr ne anzeige über den Stand eurer Aktien und Co. wenn ihr TR habt?🇩🇪🇩🇪🇩🇪🇩🇪🇩🇪🇩🇪🇩🇪🇩🇪🇩🇪
Robinhood should change their name to The Sheriff of Nottingham. Motto: Screw the little guy.
guy.
Perfect entry on amc and nakd
At what point do we start talking about the Federal Reserve?
The pressure we’re applying, is going to the core of the financial system.  I’m reading a lot about the impact the 2008 crisis has had on people and I remember it vividly. But the enabler in all this is bigger than the hedge funds, or prime brokers as Chamath pointed out on CNBC yesterday.    The issue is the Federal Reserve. It’s a system where those at the top have access to cheap capital. That causes the wealth gap to rise everyday as it causes inflation which the average person can’t keep up with, and really hasn’t since 1913.   There is no institutional racism. There is wealth inequality caused by the Federal Reserve. We must bring that house down if we want to free the people and defi the wealth from Wall Street.   GME is only the beginning. Precious metals is the true path to busting the Fed and the money center banks who give   mortgages to the rich while the rest get their asses taxes to pay more interest on money pulled out of thin air.  Slavery still exists em masse today, but it is now 99% of the population.  This is how we break the shackles and get our reparations.  This makes racism a meme.  It’s just a symptom of wealth inequality caused by those at the top manipulating and perverting our laws, constitution, and crooked politicians to continue enslaving the masses.  We’re going to the moon and GME was only the first rocketship in our financial armada.
„  is not a meme anymore“ Ladies and gentlemen.... We got him!
This ones for the history books.
I can't buy even on Revolut. Order keeps pending.
Boomers are big mad now cuz they cant understand how the tv was wrong loll
No matter what trick in the book they use, they can’t stop us. We’re in control now. GME TO FUCKING ANDROMEDA GALAXY
I know tensions are high right now but I just need y’all to check out this perfect snipe. Still not Fucking selling
They just canceled all my buys from last night of AMC off Robinhood
When AOC and Donald Trump JR are on the same side. You fucked up
I caught it, friends
TD Ameritrade
Ameritrade has been crashing for me, it has never done this. I have been searching GME, BB, AMC, and NOK this morning. Anyone else seeing this?
Stay strong ppl
If one bozo tries to act smart and thinks he will cash out, he will for sure regret it.   I sold, biggest mistake. I'm now back in, hold.   Its closer than you think. Don't see the cookie in in front, look at the muffin 1 meter away. Hold, weve beaten all expectations.  Hold. Trust me.
Frantically trying to set up accounts to get in on the fun so y'all keep holding!!!!!!!
Btw Is there any way to start trading immediately on any of these platforms? E-Trade is saying it'll take several days to deposit my funds........
DO NOT EVEN LOOK AT YOUR PORTFOLIO. JUST HOLD GME AND IGNORE. IT CAN ONLY GO UP
Start a gofundme to pay for lawyer fees? I want to see Robinhood on the ground
DOGE
HOLD GME!!!!!!
Dont panic sell!
Bought some at the top to encourage the autists!
FUCK ROBINHOOD BUT GME GO BRRRRR
Should look at creating a rotating strategy to get around brokerage limitations. Create a list of the Top 5-10 positions to promote one week then move onto another the next. Keep them guessing is the only way to beat them
420    We're going to the moon!!! All aboard everyone. No man/woman/child/pet left behind!!!!
GME lets go!!!!
lets make the history!
BB Discount Buy!
In 340 @ $18.
Some Onboarding for all you GME Astronauts
Congrats Y'all on making it this far and the cruel mix of rage and fear you've all managed to drum up in Wall Street!  I want to help break up some misinformation and point out some things that are worth knowing in general. I'm not a financial advisor and this isn't financial advice.   ### This is just common sense stuff off of google that I think everyone should know:    # What's Friday?  So there's been a lot of drumming up Friday but there's nothing inherently magical about it. It's not some final eviction day for the shorts. It's just end of week, with a lot of call contracts expiring. The owners of those contracts will likely be exercising them and acquiring shares but that doesn't make Friday a magical day for the short squeeze. Could it happen Friday? Sure, but it could also happen next Monday, Wednesday, or two Thursdays from now.    # Super quick overview of what I understand  Shorts bet against GME by borrowing stocks (say 2 weeks ago at $20 a share), selling them then, for $20, and expecting the price to go down to $10 so they could buy at $10, and cash out at 50% profit.  Shorts have to pay interest on those borrowed shares until they are bought back and their position is closed. The interest rates increase and decrease based on things like how likely the stock is to go down.  With GME continuing to rise, everyone who's shorted GME is paying more and more interest and watching their closing cost (420 - 20) go up with the stock. Eventually they either  1. Cave in and close  2. Are forced to close by their broker who has lost faith in interest payments being met / the shorter having the funds to close if stock goes higher.  If this happens enough, over a long enough period of time with the stock price refusing to go down, shorters will freak and start fighting eachother to buy the next cheapest shares to close with. On the other side of that transaction are people holding GME cashing out at higher prices.    #Scare tactics  Obviously shorters (some of them huge hedge funds) dont want to pay premium dollars to close their losing bets. Others still believe that GME isn't worth more than $20 and this is a bubble that will burst and head back down.   (This is where you have to take your own due diligence [DD] and look at what's been said and decide for yourself what you think GME is worth)  Nevertheless, institutional shorters will use dirty tactics to try to bring the price down. Among these are:  1. Ladder attacks. They can agree to buy and sell from eachother at specific prices to make the price look like it's plumetting. This usually has very little volume, but is meant to cause avalanche panic selling. Do it enough and everyone thinks everyone else is folding.  2. Wait it out + Scare tactic.  Media, banning discords, diversion to other stocks, threats etc. to get people to lose faith in their positions. If shorters hold their own diamond hands while we lose interest and decide it's time to go home and start selling off, the price goes down and eventually shorters get their short. They're bleeding interest though, so this can only work so long.    # Stuff you should learn  Yeah yeah, reading is gross. We like the stock! Still, if you don't have a confident understanding of your own of what's going on, anyone (including misinformation disseminators) can pull your whichever way they want.   Topics to google:  ### Shorting  ### Calls  ### Gamma squeeze  ### Short Interest / Float %  ### Short Squeeze  This doesn't make up a quarter of the things I've googled this week on stocks and isn't exhaustive. But the better informed you are, the better informed your decisions are. After all, this is your money we're talking about.  Read something in someone's post that doesn't click? Google baby.    # Exiting  Like I mentioned before - you have to decide what's your evaluation of GME and make a plan based off it. Do you think GME is worth $600 / will be worth that much under new management and a change of marketting strategy?  Do you want to make a quick buck betting against the shorters?   The answer to those questions will determine what you want to do with your shares.  If you panic sell before the squeeze you may kick yourself in the ass for years for going out with minimal profits / even losses. If everyone holds (and nobody pulls any dirty tricks) the shorts eventually will get bled out and forced to buy at market value. However, nobody will send you a notification saying it's your turn to name a price. Sell Limits guarantee you an exit if the price reaches that. I've heard a lot of people adjusting their limits based on how long this drags on and where the stock is currently sitting at.  ### Short Interest comes into play here...  Right now, most figures are saying that Short Interest is around 130%, meaning 130% of the tradeable shares have been shorted. This sounds like everybody owning shares plus 30% can sell at the expense of shorters. This might not be the case...  So Short Interest is the number of shares that are short the stock. How many shares have been borrowed to bet against it.  When someone shorts a stock, there is supposed to X number of shares that the shorter borrows to sell. That means that naturally you can't have more than 100% shorted - you can't borrow more than what exists to be traded.   So how is it higher than 100%?   There are two possibilities:   1. The market makers, who link up short sellers and stock owners who will lend their shares, have been allowing people to short the stock (and collect interest on their shorts) without finding shares to be borrowed. This is a naked short, and is illegal.    2. The calculations for short interest are faulty. S3 has a hypothesis that makes a lot of sense to me:  Short Interest (SI) is calculated by taking number of short positions and dividing by the number of shares that are tradeable (float). Short positions I'll assume are accurate. However, the float may not be.  First, float is calculated twice a month and all numbers are estimates (including S3's number). But even that estimated float could be off because...  When a person shorts the stock we have 4 shareholders involved.  L lends out their share to be borrowed (they get paid to lend it out), S is shorting the stock (and doesnt own it), but sells the original $20 shares to B who is buying. B has no idea they are the end part of a short and are just buying shares at $20. For now, both B and L are counted are shareholders and are calculated at part of the float. This is because S still hasn't closed their position. When they do, they will pay for (what they hope are) cheaper shares from A to hand back to L. Once the short position is closed, the number of shareholders in the float will be accurate again. The extra shareholder for each short is called a synthetic long.   So, if 130% Short Interest is actually more accurately something like 60%, it's still good news for people trying to squeeze the shorts, because that's more shorts than there are people who recently bought GME.  That isn't to say though, that it's possible that people will buy GME late, when shorts have already started covering their positions, and end up bagholding when they didn't want to because they bought at the top and were waiting for the price to go higher so they could make a profit on their trade.  Stocks are risky, and I know a lot of you are here just to stick it to Wall Street and big hedge funds. Being blissfully ignorant of the risk of losing most of your investment while hoping for reward is a recipe for disaster and a headline that CNBC would eat up to try and demonize this short squeeze. They already have the victim narrative of the naïve investor who hops on the train and completely wrecks their life savings on a pipe dream locked and loaded. Don't give be that idiot who willfully closes their eyes to the risks and becomes their poster child.    May the spaghetti monster bless y'all with many tendies. May GME go to the moon. And may this not be taken as financial advice.  Position: 16 shares @ 299
I can’t search for “GME” or “GameStop” in Robinhood.
What am I doing wrong? It doesn’t even show up
Use Cash App for AMC
AMC BB NOK
Why is everything crashing??
Damn a bunch of people sold at 420
My shares just sold at $275 due to a stop loss order now I can’t buy in again help
I don’t know I’m loss for words I thought my stop loss was at $250 but fuck me
The Silver squeeze is happening!
SLV is up 6% and AG is up 35%. The last time this happened, silver rallied over 100%. For those that don’t know, silver is one of the most manipulated markets with institutions holding an insane amount of short contracts to artificially hold down the price. We are nowhere near the all time highs of 2011 or even 1980 which is even higher inflation adjusted. If these shorts have to cover, silver and all the mining companies like AG are going to go vertical as the institutions are forced to cover. If you thought GME was big, SLV could go to $1k as the years of downward pressure is relieved. It’s time for the Silver surfers to ride.  $300k in SLV 6/30/21C and GLD 6/18/21C
Dogecoin rocket lastchance
This is amazing
LETS GIVE NOKIA A PUSH TODAY
JUST BOUGHT 10,000 SHARES AT 10   IS WITH ME? LONG LIVE THE SNAKE GAME!
The legendary screenshot! my tendies are small but still going to the moon
I got in on GME 74 @ $290. Best of luck bois and gurls
Guys Buy Nokia (NOK) they are using scare tactics to drop prices so their shorts will make them more money. Stay strong boys buy buy buy!!!!!!!!
If anyone was still confused why so many of us are holding on to GME
I knew this was going to get shady
So I when I woke up up I bought 20 more $GME (at $289).  This is not financial advice I just love the company
$NOK $AMC prelunch buy at heavy discount before these fly off!! Same as yesterday
NAKD suspended on Webull now
IB just halted $AG trading
datchat ipo
does anyone know anything about this ipo
Which one of you is selling BB
We are loosing here people hold the line and keep buying or go join the
Doge at 20 cents!!!! Let’s get it to one dollar. Repeat the process 4 more times babyyy
Make this shit worth more than Amazon!!!!!!
Everything else is blocked so buy into Doge
NKD
Think this ones next... This is not investment advice, only opinion.
DOGECOIN IS ALMOST SKYROCKETING!!! LETS FLYYY DOGIESSSSS
CMON we cAN pushhhhh doge to the max!!!!!!!!!!!! TO THE MOON
Avicii Said it best HOLD THE LINE
NAKD BUY
HOLD HOLD HOLD
Do not sell we are going to $1000
Etoro has now stoped allowing deposits for new investments ....   trying to screw us boys
Have a look on r/SatoshiStreetBets guys, DOGECOIN is the crypto version of GME. Take the wave !
ATTN SILVER INVESTORS : NOT ALL ETF'S THAT HOLD REAL PHYSICAL SILVER BARS ( $PSLV )
Just want to make people aware of a simple fact who are new to the precious metals investing. ~~SLV does not hold physical silver~~, the   PSLV DOES!    # PSLV (SPROTT PHYSCAL SILVER HOLDS REAL PHYSICAL SILVER BARS)     #    SLV only holds a LITTLE bit PHYSICAL SILVER.     # PSLV is the Sprott Silver Fund. They buy physical silver bars. This is what causes a short squeeze. Silver is massively shorted and does not have the physical metal to cover it. It's usually commercial banks that short sell silver through COMEX futures paper contracts. They don't have the physical metal to cover their shorts!
$BB, don’t panic!!!
Holy your ground!!! Do not panic sell!! Buy the dip and hold on for the ride to Mars!! $BB
Is schwab down this morning?? It has an “error”. Any info will be great.
The chant that won't stop, CopyPasta time brothers.
You can not stop capitalism eating its self by not letting us buy more. You will be remembered on the wrong side of history for this. I will hold on the my X shares cause I like my stock. It makes me money and screws over billionaires. Robinhood took from the rich and gave to the poor, and when you had the opportunity to live up to that fable and you cracked and gave in.
Stop just saying lawsuit
Look you fellow smooth brains I also agree that this is definitely market manipulation from robinhood and others. However all of us posting lawsuit and posting I'm in won't help it actually happen. We have the numbers and I'm down to put some money towards a lawyer but this is alot of work. It would need to be done by mods or the admin and be run by a small team we could donate to for fees. Also that is alot to ask someone to do especially when they're job a month ago was to deal with all you fucking degenerets and promote that sweet sweet loss porn. So stay vigilant and hold on to that game stock so by Friday all of your wives boyfriends can give you a pat on the back and might even let you ride in their mazda miatas.  Obligatory
Show your might!! This guy has a promising future
Listen miss I gotta go to work .
I appreciate all the ass kicking keep it up! I’m off to work! F Wall Street! Power to the people !👊👊👊 I am not a frigging bot, not yet anyway!Hold. .. HOLD .. HOLD!!
BB ON SALE BOYS!!!
Someone shared this with me
Dogecoin to $1
SHOW HOW MUCH YOU LOVE THE STONK AND ENJOY THE SHOW
Macy’s M
Don’t sell GME
Just bought NKD
Fuck off we goooo
At this point, it's not about the money. It's about the principle. I don't have much. I only had a $1500 in my savings account. $1300 of it is in GME right now. I'm holding till next week.
I'm on RH, and this is atrocious.  I genuinely believe people will be outraged enough to hold until next week just to give the metaphorical "f\ ck you" to hedges. I don't care if I lose my whole investment. I can eat ramen noodles every day for the next 3 months to get it back.  I'm holding the line because...     I like the stock.
For those who need inspiration today.
Be seated. Now, I want you to remember that no investor ever won a war by going bankrupt for his friends. He won it by making the MM go bankrupt for their friends! Men, all this stuff you've heard about WSB not wanting to fight, wanting to stay out of the war, is a lot of horse dung. WSB, traditionally, love to fight. All real investors love the sting of battle.  When you were kids, you all admired the c  marble shooter, the fastest runner, the big league ball players, the toughest boxers. WSB loves a winner and will not tolerate a paper hands. WSB plays to win all the time. Now, I wouldn't give a hoot in hell for a man who lost and laughed. That's why WSBS has never lost and will never lose a war. Because the very thought of losing is hateful to WSB.   Now, we have the finest investors and tendies, the best spirit, and the best men (and women) in the world.  You know, by God, I actually pity those poor bastards we're going up against. By God, I do. We're not just going to bankrupt the bastards. We're going to cut out their paychecks and use them to grease the treads of our tanks. We're going to bankrupt those lousy hedge fund bastards by the bushel.  Now, some of you boys, I know, are wondering whether or not you'll chicken-out under fire. Don't worry about it. I can assure you that you will all do your duty. The MM are the enemy. Wade into them. Spill their cash. empty their bank accounts. WHEN YOU PUT YOUR HAND INTO A BUNCH OF GOOD THAT A MOMENT AGO WAS YOUR BEST FRIEND'S ROBINHOOD ACCOUNT, YOU'LL KNOW WHAT TO DO!  Now, there's another thing I want you to remember. I don't want to get any messages saying that we are holding our position.  WE'RE NOT HOLDING ANYTHING. Let Melvin do that.  WE ARE ADVANCING CONSTANTLY and we're not interested in holding onto anything -- except the tendies!  We're going to hold onto him by the nose, and we're gonna kick him off CNBC.  We're gonna kick the hell out of him all the time, and we're gonna go through him like crap through a goose!  Now, there's one thing that you men (and women) will be able to say when you get back home, and you may thank God for it.  Thirty years from now when you're sitting around your fireside with your grandson on your knee, and he asks you, "What did you do in the great Melvin War?" -- you won't have to say, "Well, I shoveled shit in AMC."  Alright now you sons-of-bitches,  You know how I feel.  Oh, I will be proud  to lead you wonderful guys  into battle anytime,  anywhere.  That's all.
$CTRM
What happened to NAKD?
Big loss
Anyone who is up big wanna Venmo or PayPal me for my 4K in losses from AMC🥴   hope y’all are still
AMC
Yo guys did AMC just tank :(
Charles Schwab has restricted orders. Wanted to buy 50 @ 270 and was denied. Account restricted from purchases now! This is the coordinated pushback from the street
Moving from Robinhood to WeBull
Time to move away from Robinhood. They screwed us.
Buy more amc don’t let the boomers win
NOK, GME
TIME TO BUY NOK!!!! LETS TAKE IT TO MOON !!!!
can one of you legally minded cards let me know where to sign on the this Robinhood class action??? they took my fucking tendies...
can one of you legally minded cards let me know where to sign on the this Robinhood class action??? they took my fucking tendies...
CCL
CCL
Dogecoin to the moon
Calling all crypto coin investors... Dogecoin is feeling hot.  Buy and hold it to the moon
Suspension?
Processing img gyno1zu393e61...
VALE
VALE next to the   They mine the Nickel for EV car batteries!
i have literally no idea how you guys are able to make a stock go up in price the way you do, but you should do NYSE: F next. (also, can someone explain how this sub has been able to blow up random ass stocks? im so confused)
FreeTrade App Free Share Link Thread
Post your links here boys for your free link when signing up to FreeTrade. Don’t be a retard and make GME moon    🌕
Same thing with Trading212 can’t buy more shares wtf
Never thought I’d be fighting side by side
Me a trump voter:  never thought I’d be fighting side by side with a BernieBro  BernieBro:  what about side by side with an autist ?  Aye.   I can do that.    HOLD THE LINE. ODIN IS WITH US.
XLm! They for screwed by SEC. who’s in with me?
Legitimate XLM also came victim to crap and delisted in several exchanges.
FYI .. Public takes 2 minutes to sign up. It allows you to use half of your bank transfer funds as an advance instantly without having to wait 2-3 days for the transfer to be completed. To invest. GME BB NOK AMC all available.
ROBINHOOD IS NOT THE ONLY BROKER CANCELING $GME BUY ORDERS. Trading212 has the same rule in place. They are (allegedly) MANIPULATING the European and UK retailers into either selling or holding $GME. You can't buy $GME shares on T212. IM FUUUUUUUUUMING
Guys Doge is Flying in the moon ...
Sundial to the moon
ZOM looks good to go.
Could this be the next run? They have an agreement with a Veterinary Supply company as of the 25th. Should we show them some love?
Small guys need help too
First I am all for GME buying and holding. I fully support GME but it’s out of my price range as it is with a lot of the smaller guys.  We need help with AMC, NOK, BB and any other long holds. I’m doing my part, I’m holding all. I’m still saving to buy GME to help the cause.  Don’t leave your brothers behind  Everybody Love Everybody  Buy the small stocks so the small guys can buy GME
Free my homie $GME
WPG
Need to ride this train.  How about WPG?
Degenerados
It’s amazing to see how fast the community has grown although it’s sucks when you’re trying to find posts and have to scroll through a sea of suggestions and spam I’m so proud to see everyone holding and profiting as a collective I hope we can continue to shake up the world🎉🎉🎉
AGI and PVG, efficient companies with lots of short interest
As you may know, precious metals market are very manipulated by banks and funds and people familiar with the matter know it:     To me, this is a great opportunity to look into companies like Alamo Gold (AGI) and Pretium Gold (PVG), who have the following features:  - a clean balance sheet - zero (ZERO) debt - positive cash flow - lots of short interest  Let's buckle up.
I have never done anything with stocks before, but would like to start. What stocks app would you recommend, since the recent robinhood shit?
Is the limitation on buying actually a good thing?
Robinhood, Trading 212, and more have all prevented retail traders from buying more GME stock.  This means people are less likely to sell at milestones, with the intention of re-buying after a dip.  Less selling means more upwards pressure.     Stonks?
SNDL STILL OPEN AND RISING.
For those unable to buy GME
Ally Invest For Closers
Can't even log into my account. Screw these people preaching at us about  market manipulation, when they are the ones who are doing it. Doesn't matter though, I'm holding my AMC,NOK, and the two shares of GME that I could afford. I'm gonna hold thats for sure.
HOLD THE LINE BOIS 🤲🏾
BUY SNDL
🏽  🏽  🏽  🏽  🏽  🏽  🏽  🏽  🏽  🏽  🏽  🏽  🏽  🏽  🏽  🏽                                🏽
APRN to the effing Moon
I’ve been this for years (~20) and trust me when I say APRN will make you BANK.
FIDELITY, ETORO, WEBULL... Buy and Hold!
If RH won't work with you, don't work with them. There are other options! Personally I have Fidelity and Webull ...
DOGECOIN, SNDL, KNDI TO THE MOON!!
Let's go dump all ur savings in these rn if u wanna get rich!! I'm just kidding but it's worth a shot!!!
Nokia
Nokia is Down 21% since my purchase last night.... Any advice will be appreciated..... Do I keep holding or Sell and accept my loss on this one ?
Naked is going down rn
Faze Banks outraged
ELI5: Should/Can I put some of my 401k in GME?
I know NOTHING about investments but I am thoroughly enjoying the show.  Should I email my fidelity guy and put some of my 401k in GME? Is that even possible?
Ibkr you can buy without any problems bb, nok.
Came for the Loss Porn, Stayed for the Admiration
Just saying I’ve been a lurker on this page for awhile albeit with different accounts.  Don’t understand shit about the market but got a kick of the retarded loss porn.  Just wanted to say you guys did more to show the world how fucking rigged our market is in favor of the big guys than any financial journalist I’ve read.  Keep it up!
Let’s keep the momentum going, $1!!! Doge is the next big crypto
$SNDL to fking MARS!!!!!!!!
AAL anyone?
Heavily shorted and up today
So basically, I am moonkey 🐒🐵 🌒🌓🌔🌕🌖🌗🌘
More like Sheriff of Nottingham
Virgin Galactic
Speculations: Virgin Galactic will skyrocket, take some time to think but buy buy BUY!!!!
Can’t sign up for any trading platform
Guys please help, nothing is working. Robinhood, cashapp stocks. We  ’s all timing out. I can’t sign up for any of them
Just bought 200 shares of $NOK, on Fidelity. Price went up immediately 1-2% , I think this means the shorts/suits are still trying!
cant buy GME... is CLVS a good option to keep the fuckery?
I cant buy more positions, but ive read from twitter that $clvs is a good option to keep the fuckery? yall got any advise?
Thoughts?
AAL?
Help me with my college tuition
💪together. I have no need for mortal knowledge what we do here today is legendary. Fuck the big guys. We. Bigger. Apes. Buy GME, BB, NOK, AMC. HOLD THE LINE
Gme or nakd
Where to invest these days nakd or gme?
$SNDL Removed from RH
Wall Street knows they fucked up.
Robbinhood block sndl too what is going on f
RH already stopped SNDL. glad I made it before open. Absolute crooks
FUNDING SECURED         NEXT STOP, MARS BABY!!!
We made our first benchmark boys! To 1000 and beyond
SPCE is on the rise - if you can’t buy GME, BB, AMC on Robinhood then it’s time to jump on SPCE
It’s climbing quickly this morning and is another highly shorted stock.  Robinhood hasn’t banned it yet so get in on it.
HHHHOOOOOOOLLLLLLDDDDDDDDD
Who’s gonna watch Trading Places today?!
We are the Eddie Murphys and Dan Ackroyds of America today. So much for a “free market.” We out here trying to change our lives and they’re out there fuckin with us to save their quick bucks. NOT TODAY. HOLD THE LINE BOIS
Transaction Received - Portfolio Doesn't Show GME!?
I bought GME, but DeGiro seems to have crashed. I've got the transaction, but it's not showing in my portfolio. Anyone else experiencing this? Wanted more, but only able to put through this as the platform crashed. Anyone else experiencing this?
Its simple guys BUY $NOK $AMC $GME $ NAKD APES TOGETHER UNSTOPPABLE
I have a few investments already, what to do with the last $1,000
Good morning,   I have recently got into trading last year and bought a few stocks that I've been riding a while now. Got stock in Mind med (MMEDF) and also At Home (HOME) I don't have much to invest and would love to drop 10k on GME, but A) don't have that much to drop and B) don't think 2 shares will do much for me late game. would it be to late to jump on the GME train? what would my options be with limited cash?  Any advice is helpful. Thank you
$SVM ! See below:
Security	SVM / Silvercorp Metals Inc. () LEI	52990092RT3UCQ7G3177 Latest Market Date	2021-01-27 Short Volume	290,367 Market Volume	1,304,400 Short Volume Ratio	22%
BB IS GETTING F CKD, WHERE YOU AT BOIS
BUY IT IF YOU CAN
HOLD THE MF LINE ON AMC
DO IT BOIS
Guys seems all our stocks are blocked everywhere lets take FEYE to the moon
Switching brokers. Looking for recommendations.
I’m not really hugely invested in gme but after seeing the unethical business practices of robinhood.  I’d like to make a move.
ROBINHOOD FREED?
Just got a notification my orders for GME and NOK just went through on Robinhood, anyone else have the same thing? My tinfoil hat is staying on till I get off this ride
IF WE HOLD ... we can let them know who’s really in control here , we are being manipulated into selling amc because that’s the only option Robinhood has and we’re seeing drops... they can’t block amc forever !!
IF WE HOLD ... we can let them know who’s really in control here , we are being manipulated into selling amc because that’s the only option Robinhood has and we’re seeing drops... they can’t block amc forever !!
Here we go, be ready to push push push
Just bought more DOGe fuk it
If you buy HOLD!!!! Ffs
USE FREETRADE THEY ALLOW GME
SHEESH
FIDELITY - focus on the bigger picture, dont resolute to giving small platforms attentions, I'm HOLD $GME. UNWAVERING RESOLUTE. #team
Trading App?? Since Robinhood is shit
Now that we know robinhood is a piece of shit company owned by the suits. They can fuck off and suck a dick.   What trading platform do we use now?
Can't GameStop just issue more shares & fuck us all?
Like many of you, I'm holding for the 6 days for hedge funds to cover their shorts on GME.  However, couldn't GME brass just be savvy and issue more shares that the hedges could buy at current prices (not in the thousands) and their loss is mitigated, GME rakes in tons more with their new shares, and we're all holding the bag?
Do I hold GME or sell
Any suggestion m lost
DO NOT SELL
This stock is not supported on Robin Hood who tf.. what a joke): gme to the fuckin moon
Not all hero’s wear capes 🙏🏼
What da funk us Robinhood doing?
Robinhood may have banned trading on GME for now, but Webull hasn't. MOVE TO WEBULL AND BUY!
SNDL!!!!! Hop on the train to   today
420 the number that ignites the boosters
Any stock that gets talked about / gets a run up will get halted and restricted by Robinshit
SNDL shot up past 1$ and RH instantly restricted buys.   Now i understand why people say that RH is shit.
Advice
Little guy who wants to F Wall Street (and make some money). Robinhood apparently sucks, Ameritrade takes a few days to get approved. Any advice on what App or platform to use? I want in today.
make facebook (FB) plummet, they know everything about you. (they shouldn’t)
they deserve it. We all know facebook is evil. They know your address, the device your using, your brothers name, your brothers debit card number, they know your search history, your pets name etc.    imo their stock is performing a little too well for a company that loves to steal personal information.
LETS FUCKING GO BOYS LETS PUT NOK TO THE MOON
Do we buy nok?
ATOS NEXT GME WITH THEIR COVID NASAL SPRAY
LET'S MAKE FUNDS AND SHORT BANKRUPT AND DON'T LET THEM STEAL OUR GAINS
I did this and comic sans so you guys know I’m not a bot. But can someone tell me what is going on here with VMware and if im just crazy
OPEN CHASE INVEST ACCOUNT TO TRADE IF YOU HAVE A CHASE BANK ACCOUNT
TITLE
Bloomberg is only covering WSB today - we are in their heads
NOK + EXPR + AMC to the MOON
FOLLOW THE MOVEMENT AND LET’S BUY OUR PARENTS HOMES WITH THIS BANK WE ABOUT TO MAKE!!! Shoot Your Dreams High!
SHLDQ?
hold or sell
Nice
Play like a DOG!! Go DOGE!!
IDEX
rockets and stars
Is The Reddit Rebellion About To Descend On The Precious Metals Market? $SLV $AG
$BB GANG. HOLD THE LINE AGAINST THE HEDGE-FUNDS.
Hedgefunds have been actively short selling the stock. If we buy/hold $BB against them short sellers, this means ONE THING AND ONE THING ONLY                                    $BB to   $GME to
@ZOM
Let’s go help this animal helper company be atleast at its competitor level
SUNDIAL
Robinhood isn’t allowing me to buy sundial (weed stock) that I bought w expiration of July in the hopes their earnings would be good and more weed legalization legislation would come to pass.  Buying this option was 100% of my own accord and my own research.  After all of the lag and dust settles next Monday or Tuesday I’m closing out everything I have with Robinhood.  Fuck them.
Robinhood barred me buying GME and AMC
Dogecoin aristocracy
We can no longer operate under their terms, we need to secede and create a separate market. Dogecoin will allows us that. Once we own all the doge, we establish a sovereign nation state of retards (I suggest we buy little saint James)
Break 450$ wall
Short Position : 450$ over -> Sell
AAL
AAL!!!!!!📈
Move to other apps?
With Robinhood fucking everyone over why not move to other apps like Webull, Schwab online, Fidelity etc   That would be the biggest payback I feel like
Robinhood blocks purchase of GameStop, AMC, and BlackBerry stock
DeMoCrAtIzInG FiNaNcE. Anyway HOLD HOLD HOLD
STONKS ONLY GO UP
Imagine being a short seller  Imagine being a value investor  Imagine being not YOLOing
Buy and Hold AMC, NOK
SNDL Sell-Only on Robinhood as of 10 AM EST
I was buying them up all morning because they just crossed the magic $1 mark to keep their listing, and Robinhood all of the sudden made it close-only!!! More market manipulation by fatcats.
TO THE MOON
Next.. support the SweetLeaf! Spread the ❤️!!
I’m sitting on the sideline with 10K cash should I deploy it in PLTR? Is that the next move? Where can I do some damage on these hedge fund homos
Wallstreetbets
WSB   Motley Crew “Take me to the top”
FUCK ROBIN HOOD
This will not stop us   BB and NOK all the way!!!     Long time reader, first time poster
MARK is making a move
Buy MARK
AMC
What’s up let’s go I loaded up please pump
What stock should I get into?
Not about the money. I just want to be a part of history. Any suggestions? I am hearing NOK and AMC a lot
Let’s Make em Proud
Drink it up
$FIZZ Get FIZZ
Keep buying retards $gme to the moon
$GOPRO ready for TAKE OFF
Also hold GME
LETS GET $NAKD TO 35$ TODAY  AND FUCK THE WALL STREET AT THE SAME TIME
FUCKING BIG BILLIONAIRES AND GETTING RICH? SEARCH NO FURTHER THAN $NAKD      10$ IN THE NEXT FEW HOURS
Where to buy? Who is taking orders?
If we have money to dump in and continue the hold who is taking orders right now?
$XSPA all inn! Next $GME - go go go!!

Fking Bastards!!! Tryina buy more..
DON'T SELL!
Don't sell BB, GME, NOK, or any of the others that are currently unable to be purchased on Robinhood. They're trying to trick us into selling when there's nobody to buy, the damn scumbags. Don't forget to give Robinhood a one-star on the App Store/Play Store. Let's make history, boys.
amc and nok on robinhood
can only sell won’t let me buy
Just a guy who know nothing about stocks asking a question
I don't know what is happening, I would love to join you. But if its too late, then goodjob all of you for this massive f u to the 1% and keep it going.
Keep buying
keep buying BB NOK and GME they are pushing back but stay string
NEXT DESTINATION: MOON 🌕🌕🌕
LET'S DO THIS!!!!!!!!!      😎 😎 😎  ###
AAL is next
Over 25% short.
AMC available to buy on Fidelity
Lets go $SPCE to the moon all the way to the Mars!
F     Robinhood . Inset the limit to sell at $400 and canceled it 3-4min later to see that 1h later Robinhood did sell my shares. WTF? 😫😫😫😫😫💪🏻 I canceled it and didn’t wanna sell
Sndl   today so far
Just got today gaining good. Got gme today before they blocked.
If you can't buy the big four, buy dogecoins! It's going up up up
Already making a lot of gains here!
I Am A Real American (Airlines), Fight For The Rights Of Every Man
🏻 Fuck RH.  BB and GME CHANGING THE FINANCIAL WORLD! Let’s buy and HOLD FOREVER brothers!!!
SNDL REMOVED OFF ROBINHOOD AFTER SHOOTING 136%
They took down SNDL☹️
decentralized retardation
DOGE!!!!!!
Just saying
WOW SCREW YOU ROBINHOOD!!!
These companies did at least 1 good thing.
They made GME dip to 250     IT MEANS MORE STOCKS FOR US!!!!!
Every canadien on WealthSimple HOLD THE LINE WE CAN STILL BUY GME!!
2 cents let's goo
GME is up  ! Also TD still letting me buy it...
GME is up another  ! Doing God's work! To the moon!  Also, TD is still allowing me to buy the stock. It jumped   since open so I especially now can't afford it, but its going up. Don't sell, buy more! BUY BUY BUY, mates!   This is not financial advice, I'm an idiot. We like the stock!
BUILD A BEAR [$BBW]
YOU CAN BUY GME AND AMC ON E TRADE!!
GO TO E TRADE AND BUY
WE LIKE THE FUCKING STOCK
What the fuck is wrong with LIKING A STOCK!   SEE YOU  🤲🏻 FUCKERS ON SATURN!
Where can I buy?!?!?!?!?!?
Robinhood is Down. Webull won’t load at all! Where can I go to buy?!?
Sell NOK, right now. It is about to absolutely tank. DO NOT RISK YOUR LIFE SAVINGS JUST TO LOSE THEM!
What brokerages are not restricting trade want to leave mine since I they are not letting me buy more of certain stocks.
BOUGHT MY SHARE! I'M UP $100 in half an hour almost! HOLD!
BUT GTE
Buy GTE
Are drops in the market at the start of the day normal? My amc stock just went through but is taking a quick drop
Robinhood robbery
Tried to cancel my sell limit and it wouldn't let me 😫😫😫
Rоbinhооd IPO? To hell
Rоbinhооd IPO coming in the next few months. Remember what it has done to us today. It doesn't matter, going to hold. However  - when RH does IPO, I am going to use all the gains I made from GME to   short Robinhood to the bloody hell  . RH, you were almost with the right side this time.
Robinhood updated their mission page🤔🤔
FIDELITY IS WORKING
Bought nakd on fidelity this morning everyone flood nakd!!!!!
WHAT ARE WE DOING W BB NOK AMC! I’m drowning slowly is it gonna go back up AMC is killing me 😩     🥺
Am not a bot or what the fuck ever a broke girl who could only afford the cheap stocks
"Controlled" Short Squeeze Possibly Happening Right Now
Hi all, this is just my quick thoughts. I am retarded as fuck and you should not take this as investment advice.   Some weird activity going on right now and everyone should practice caution right now. It seems like most retail platforms have banned buying of GME stocks now. Most retail investors can only sell.    Yet there is already 12M+ volume trading.  Stock is up to $400+ with incredible momentum.   This could be the MMs and HFs covering their shorts in a "controlled" manner, buying up their shorts from retail investors that are paper handing GME (and other stocks)  Hold or sell, it's your decision - I am just saying we may not see the short squeeze that everyone's been precumming about.
DOGECOIN
Hint 💡 DOGECOIN 🐶
congrats guys 😔😔😔😔😔😔😔
BB AMC NOK ALL FREE TRADING
Join me and invest commission-free with Freetrade. Get started with a free share worth £3-£200.
Look at the trajectory on that rocket!
GME goes brrrrr
How can trading 212 do this?
AMC ENTERTAINMENT
I see amc not rising but amcx is ? I thought it was supposed to be amc we investing in
Buy BB and NOK at a discount, they're trying to push us out!!!!
Don't let them scare you, both BB and NOK are going to
AAL is loosing steam guys, go for it!
UBELIEVABLE WE DID IT
Yes, I’m laughing. Thoroughly enjoying this. Good job nerds!!!!
CHECK YOUR CASHAPP STOCK
CASHAPP STOCK  won't allow me purchase stocks on Nokia  either. I already brought stocks in AMC back in April and now I can't buy more from them on CASHAPP. All the trading sites seem to be moving the same way. Cashapp will say it's because you have no service mind you I have full bars plus 5G and my wifi is fine. I reset my phone twice. It's totally coming from their end.
Fuck GME buy DOGE
Buy NOK in the dip
I took a picture of GME history
ROBINHOOD AND TRADING212 RESTRICTED BUYING HOLDDDDDDDD. ETORO AND WEBULL CAN STILL BUY GME AND BB         DONT LET THEM TRY TANK US AND MOST IMPORTANTLY DO NOT SELL
GME stonks      BB falling rn HOLDDDDD
TD Ameritrade Down???! (1/28/21)
This is the second day that my TD Ameritrade app and whole account won’t allow me to login. At this point f them. Trying the manipulate my retards!!! Let’s burn them to the ground. Anyone have a brokerage that actually works?
BB AMC NOK ALL FREE TRADING
Join me and invest commission-free with Freetrade. Get started with a free share worth £3-£200.
Are we buying NOK
BUY SNDL
SDNL FUCK ROBINHODD
ANYONE HAVE A GOOD ATTORNEY???
Someone with some authority needs to have an attorney   file an immediate injunction against the trading platforms (RH, TD, etc.) and NYSE   to allow us to trade again or this whole thing goes BYE BYE. While we're barred from buying, Wall Street isn't.. they'll cover enough to get out while we have to sit on our hands.
Any alternative to robinhood?
This app is not letting me buy gme or amc stock.    I am still holding my gme shares btw.
Tesla shares have the single highest number of shares shorted. When are we really going to make it hurt.
I don’t understand why people aren’t talking about this on here. Maybe someone smarter than me can explain why we don’t focus on our hero for the same reason that we focused our enemies. Citron has been shorting and badmouthing Tesla for years. They aren’t the only shorts doing it. Elon made Short Shorts to sell us as a meme.
Doge
Lets Get DOGE to $1 today
E TRADE
Better get on the E\ TRADE!!!!!  Still buying....
WBS Is "THE REAL ROBINHOOD"
The manipulation is real. The people that benefit from it won't admit it but it's fair game for them because they are on the winning side.  WBS's movement is stronger than anything and they made their case in point visible for everyone to see.  Wall street has been exposed. WBS will go down in history.  They are the real Robinhood. Fuck Robinhood. GME $5000 not a meme
Hearing that fidelity may be allowing trade
Look for alternative ways to trade if we’re blocked out! We can’t let them win.
WHAT HAPPENED???
IT JUST DRASTICALLY DROPPED TO $403
HOLD STRONG BOYS. WERE WINNING THIS. DONT LET MEDIA TELL U ELSE. Tom Nash's thought on GME today. THIS IS COULD BE A GAMECHANGER.
What app are you guys using to buy?
Since RH is shut down now what TF do we use
📈📈
Dogecoin Jumping in
DOGE TO THE MOON
RUN DOGE UP!!!! IT IS ON A RUN AND HIT 2 CENTS!!!
UEC
Uranium Energy Corp  \- Clean Energy; if the suits truly cared about the environment this would be the play. Make them notice.
We're doing it!

Let's buy AMC, dont let it drop
LMAO
looking to make a lil gold dust today?
I like helping people-- grasshoppas \[u\] the Master {ME} throws  u a tip-- go buy yerself some mannkind symbol mnkd & make yourself some party money-- some of u will thk me later--most wont.
"not supported on robinhood" same with BB AMC NOKIA etc thus should be a crime right?
MODS - How long until we can post a video meme with sound again? Or a meme at all?
Being trying every which way to upload a video meme, but keep getting blocked by autobot & can't contact mods via dm.  I know its mayhem here right now, lot of people trying to post junk. Could you possibly allow posts from users that have held reddit accounts a few years?
Check out $amd
One of ten with heavy shorts
ROBINHOOD CANCELLED MY ORDERS. NOK AND NAKD
Not limit orders, buying whole stock. Can't even buy doge anymore
FUCK BITCHES, GET MONEY!
Push it to the fuckin moooooooon!
YOU CAN BUY GME, NOK, BB, NAKD, AMC & EXPR ON IG TRADING
Jumping ship from Robinhood to Etrade, and they won't let me log in to my new account. Other people report similar problems. Fishy
Report and block Robinhood on Twitter! Let's shut them off like they shut us! Let's take them to the ground boys! Fuck Robinhood!
$AMC $AMC $AMC $AMC $AMC $AMC $SNDL $SNDL $SNDL $SNDL $SNDL $SRNE $SRNE $SRNE $SRNE $SRNE $BBW $BBW $BBW $BBW $BBW
Do your DD, let’s not forget these on the moon! Robinhood🖕won’t let me purchase NOK
BUY DOGECOIN
Buy Doge
AMC just dipped, good time to get in, just saying...
Yes I know, GME all day.  I'm holding that too.  AMC is 80% shorted right now too so it's in the same boat.
We're doing it!

YOLO PRTY
Confessions of a Converted Bear
Originally I watched with amusement as y'all ran up GME and thought, "what idiots." I bought puts and made some money. Big Sad. Now after seeing what the SEC, Robinhood, TD, and all the other corrupt cartels have done to y'all I have one thing to say...  I LIKE THE STOCK!  keeping one put as a hedge, but just put 3 months rent into GME. TO THE MOON!
STOP SELLING OUT
WE ALMOST HIT FIVE HUNDRED COME ON CHADS, HOLD THE LINE
Jerkoffs at Robinhood cancelled the orders I made this morning. 🤬
Hecla Mining is the cheapest thing on Earth!!
What we doing next bois
Can't trade gme anymore on robinhood. Missed out on all the gains. Coulda really used the money too. Lost my job due to covid and can't land another. Cheers to those who got money out of it.
GME Suspended on Webull
wtf - literally can't buy anywhere
IM NOT SELLING
I know I’m a new Reddit member, and I’m not sure this will go through. Ive jumped on this rather late as I barely ever needed Reddit but now I know why you guys use Reddit. It’s very democratic and I love it, and it shows what we can do TOGETHER. WE ARE SEEING HOW CORRUPT WALL STREET is and now we have them so fucking scared. These people are getting away with stealing billions. They’ve already made it so we cant buy GME OR AMC. THIS IS WAR. Plz plz spread it around everywhere (and when I mean everywhere I mean EVERYWHERE). When the little guys do it it’s wrong but when a bunch of rich hedge funders can sit at a fancy dinner and bet on Businesses that are failing so they take home a profit for their stupid old fat fucking foreheads, NOW THEY ARE BEING SOAR LOSERS SINCE THEY ARE THE SHORT END OF THE STICK!! BRING IT ON WALL STREET, IM NOT SELLING.
Why is AAL doing so well?
I have a few airline stocks and AAL happened to be the strongest position by far. It has been shooting up and the only reason I have seen given is Reddit. Have not seen anything around here about America Airlines though.
BB AMC NOK ALL FREE TRADING
Join me and invest commission-free with Freetrade. Get started with a free share worth £3-£200.
Many exchanges are halting purchases of GME and similar assets. DO. NOT. SELL.
When you’re out now, you’re likely OUT. Exchanges like Robinhood are stopping purchases of GME in an attempt to regain control of the market and tip the favor back to the .1%. Hold your stock, that’s what helps make it go up. Don’t sell if you want this to work.
I know it’s a cryptocurrency but it recently hit 1 cent so i recommend it, tell me what you think
EVERYONE DIAMOND HANDS YOUR GME, AMC, BB!
I'm seeing great gainz in GME, but AMC and BB are dropping. Do not let their tactics work. Hold hold hold!
FINALLY WAS ABLE TO BUY GME !!!! HOLDING for 5 YEARS!
AAL to the moon!   who knew planes could go to space. Let’s hold boys.
Might just be an average Joe here... but dogecoin just 2¢
AMC at dip last chance it bout to
Btw I’m not a robot
Some turd somewhere is frantically calling orders to another   shut down trading on these calls!
Turds
$NOK & $BBW & $NOK & $BBW & $NOK & $BBW & $NOK & $BBW & $NOK & $BBW
$NOK & $BBW & $NOK & $BBW & $NOK & $BBW & $NOK & $BBW & $NOK & $BBW & $NOK & $BBW & $NOK & $BBW & $NOK & $BBW & $NOK & $BBW
We're doing it!

Blocking
They are blocking certain stocks
I’m bad luck Brian. This is my fault.
Got in for about $1500 each on AMC and NOK this morning. They immediately drop 20-30%. My bad guys. This is on me. I should’ve let you all get rich.
Is the stock market going to collapse? Please provide evidence, we need to prepare!
Hey guys! I've convinced my family to buy GME, but now I want to convince my dad to shift 20-30% of his total stock portfolio to gold and crypto (in case the entire market collapses). Does anyone have any thoughts about the potential of a complete market crash? Does anyone have the data to compare what caused the 2008 market crash to this crash?      2008 started with a single bankruptcy, and it's expected that some of these hedge funds will declare bankruptcy early next week. This could be the beginning of a new age in the financial industry, marking a shift towards crypto. If we have any people that agree with this statement, would you please explain why (with evidence)? I am hoping I can use these comments to help convince my family of what is coming, so that they can be prepared. Thank you!
LET ME IN!!!! LET ME IIIINNNNN!!!!!!!!!
ATTENTION ROBINHOOD USERS ITS TIME TO TANK THIS FUCKING APP. IF OUR MONEY ARE TANKING, THEIR HEDGE FUND BACKED APP IS TANKING WITH US
NOK
LETS GET NOKIA PUMPING COME ON!!
Boycott those who are restricting us!
I trade with RH and will close my account with them after this is over unless they resume trading. Who hasn't restricted trading?
how does this guys know what michael "said" and what he didn't?
how does these guys know what michael "said" and what he didn't?    is he on social media or something?   how do they get this kind of info to begin with?   if this is some sort of common knowledge where can i follow him where is he active on internet?     yours faithfully,    \-a broke person
AMC
Yo this is mostly a question but will the same thing that happened to GME (GameStop) happen to the AMC stock? so far I’ve heard it will, and if so, how much is Wall Street losing anyway?
NOK
My NOK WENT THROUGH ON CASH APP!
SNDL up next 📈📈📈
Didn’t RobinHood is planning an IPO? 😎
Folks, let’s make some intelligence work.  📌Focus on $GME and fuck them all  Then, search for the IPO of RobinHood and be ready to shortfuck them.
AMC Taking a beating - HALP!!
need some halp on AMC please!!
I will die with these shares in my hand. Hold. Hold. Hold.
NAKD
All in on   make another one fly   they stopped us from GME and   all the way now BUY and HOLD
$40m+ of Robin Hood's $90mm revenue for order flow comes from Citadel. Citadel and their other larger clients are calling the tune.
REMINDER: Robinhood was never your friend...
Their entire business model is selling order flow to hedge funds so they can front run you.
Webull down?
Created a login for Webull but the account page will no longer load.  Either they're getting slammed or blocking new accounts.  Can anyone else see their account?

GME TO THE MOON BABY
GME GAMESTOP TO THE MOOOON BABY!
BBBY TO THE MOON
Buy and hold BBBY
SILVER PRICE CAN SKYROCK AND WE CAN MAKE FUNDS CRY EVEN MORE
Silver market is one of most manipulated markets right now. 25$/oz is just  ridiculous and laughable. Price of silver is not even as high as it was back in 2010. Gold is on ATH and gold/silver ratio is really high too. Beside that Silver price adjusted to inflation should be much higher. I mean like atleast around 800$/oz. What do you think? Is it possible for us to rise price of silver?         Disclaimer: This is not Financial advice.  This is just my personal opinion. Im a retard.
the look of defeat.... the rich has never been this scared before. this is only the beginning!
Hold the line AMC
AMC ONLY‼️‼️‼️HOLD!!!  ‼️✅SHARE THIS PLEASE. SPREAD THE WORD✅‼️  AMC = 40M short SHARES‼️ On a 109M float‼️  If you do not know what that means;  There is currently 38 MILLION USD worth of shorts on $AMC. When these short sellers don’t hit their target, they have to come out of POCKET to COVER the shorts or BUY the shares‼️This causes the price to rise    Do NOT take profits yet. If we get it to $30, short sellers will bail and the price will skyrocket   past $50‼️ Pull out those   diamond hands and let those balls hang‼️  I love you all, I love the market.❤️ After this war is over, we go back to normal and teach Wall Street a lesson‼️NO MORE will the little man be taken advantage of❌
TD Ameritrade has locked me out of the app
Told me authentication failed when trying to purchase AMC but not when purchasing a different stock. Now the app has logged me out and is not letting me back in. Anything like this happening for anyone else?
BB AMC NOK ALL FREE TRADING
Join me and invest commission-free with Freetrade. Get started with a free share worth £3-£200.
SNDL has been suspended for trading
We're doing it!

I really like GME stonk personally
HODL!!!!
Don’t sell.
Let's GO NAK baby
If WSB can organize to move a stock, we can also organize to punish Robinhood
Controlling which stocks individuals can buy is basic market manipulation. Only stock exchanges should be allowed to regulate or halt trading. Right now Wall Street to retailers is basically: “wait wait wait, you retailers can be here but we haven’t had time to adjust our traditional methods of fucking you over to this new retail landscape.”   Right now schwab and e-trade haven’t restricted  trades it seems. Once this dies down everyone should tell robinhood to get fucked.
Robinhood sucks ass. They cancelled my GME order. Accepted my SNDL order and then cancelled ability to buy more. Holding my current SNDL stock. These bitches!!!!
GME trading suspended
Webull is now allowing trading of GME and AMC again... Lets fucking go!
eToro not allowing $GME trades, it seems.
Isn’t this one of the suits losing all his money?
Cashapp Buy Order Paused (AMC, NOK)
Anyone else trading via Cashapp? My buy orders for AMC and NOK were scheduled for 30 minutes ago and they haven't gone through yet. And they must not even trade GME bc it wasn't on there last night either. Wondering if they're in on the RH trading ban shit.
Party s over
We have to invest in cryptos.... SEC turned the Lights out for Robinhood
SNDL too??
Robinhood no longer lets me play gamestop game :(
I made several thousand but now robinhood won't let me buy anymore GME !!!! I can only close out my positions ! by the time I apply for another brokerage and given access I'm afraid the gamestop gravy train will be over ! :( what can I do ?
HOLD THE LINE GUYS
Gentlemen, this right here is their last stand. Their last hurrah. The squeeze is coming tomorrow and although reinforcements have been cut off remember boys, we can hold them off. This is a war they cannot and will not win. We hold to stick it to these wall street crooks. We hold to show that the old order is falling away. We need to send a message and we need to do it now. Our sword is at their throats boys. We hold until it’s all over. Retards Unite!
Question
Is nok really happening. Is it smart to buy 30 shares right now or is only gme gonna go up.
With robinhood down, how do I buy GameStop shares?
Anyone?
Retards let’s get $BB to the moon
Let’s go get them buys rolling. We can do it. Liftoff is imminent!
HOLD SNDL??
eToro is still available for buy positions
You can buy GME there if u are patient because the market is opening and closing all the time
Are NAKD & BB tanking or is it temporary?
LEAVE ROBINHOOD APP A 1 STAR REVIEW
Fuck those suits “Free market” my ass
GO TO THE APP STORE AND GIVE ROBINHOOD A 1 STAR RATING.
Next huge shorting opportunities.
I think NOK is an obvious one but also possibly ADT because of the short interest.
Who'S WiTH Me?
ThE WorLd iS WaTcHinG ThiS GuyS, I BeLiEVe They aRe OkaY WiTh uS aLL GeTTinG RiCH. We WiLL DiStriBuTe ThiS WeaLTh BaCk inTO ThE EconoMy WaaaaY MoRE ThaN HeDGe FunDs EveR WouLD. I FoR OnE aM GoinG To HeLp So MaNy PeoPLe WiTh ThiS anD iF We aLL DiD ThaT, We CouLD ChanGe The WoRLd. LeT's UsE ThiS NeW WeaLTH To MaKe ThE ChanGeS We WanT To See iN ThE WorLd. SoMeTHinG GreaT WiLL CoMe OuT oF ThiS, anD I'm NoT TaLKinG aBouT JuSt GeTTinG RiCH.   LoVe aLL My    FooLs OuT THeRE.  To ThE MooN
Gme is the best! You guys and girls all have big dick energy! I cannot stop smiling when i look at my stock
fuck robinhood
if you guys are still trying to buy into amc web bull is still allowing you to purchase stocks move over there and BUY BUY BUY  fuck robinhood and the hedgefund billionaires
MMEX oil refinery
Why not push one that allows everyone to get in at fractions of pennies and makes all rich.   Ticker MMEX
It’s not too late to get in on it, Naked ($NAKD) is rising fast and is $3 a pop!
I missed the GameStop rally but got in early with nakd and already in green
I think ONTX is the next possible but not sure
Lately the shorts on $ONTX have been quite extensive and with the times and things that are possible with redditors and hedge funds, things are very exciting. There has been a VST movement that has been known to spike, so there is already a Kickstarter ready to piggyback 🐖🐷.  Give me your Feedback.
I did my part
SAD
How can they call themselves Robinhood but block the purchase of AME, BB, GME etc smh
RH no longer supports sundial growers
almost but we did it boys
what can i use besides robinhood webull and cashapp rn : (
AMC
AMC STRONG BUY!!!⭐️
BB AMC NOK ALL FREE TRADING
Join me and invest commission-free with Freetrade. Get started with a free share worth £3-£200.
GME Put 320/310 exp tomorrow credit spread 🤚 🤚
GME game strong guys $500 all the way
HOLD......................................................................................................................
Robinhood, guess what?
THEY CANT STOP US
Ally Investments has also locked my account. This is market manipulation and we can not let them get away with this!
Hold The Line Buy Every Dip
Which 25 of you retards are bidding this? IT SHOULD BE $4,  BECAUSE THATS WHERE WE ARE GOING
RH: crashed a gain
Robinsuburbs crashing a-gain:
Hey Robinhood what happened to letting the people trade?
Txmd ✈️
SENS TO THE MOOOONNN
DOGECOIN?!
To infinity and   daughter told me to buy some a few months ago after seeing some TikTok videos. It seems to be moving up rapidly but I don’t understand any of this.
This is just like the moment in THE BIG SHORT when the price of the asset is not going down with the value of the underlying asset because the ratings agencies were rigged.
Fuck Robinhood. Fuck these boomer fund managers. I want to do to them what Uncle Joe did to me; stick it to em. These assholes are already on the moon and don’t want to share the real estate with us retards
To the moon
In addition to GME, AMC, BB, let's not forget about NOK. Currently the lowest priced of them all and still being regulated on Robinhood/TD like the rest of them.  Let's keep applying pressure! This is how we really occupy Wall Street 📈    #Deleterobinhood
Robin Hood and other services that are shutting down the ability to purchase shares be warned!
What is going on is market manipulation! They will all have to pay big time for this, if they don’t let the market trade freely!   Buy buy buy and hold! Hold GME, and buy up AMC!!!!!
ROBINHOOD RESTRICTING DoGe TRADES NOW! SOMEONE GET A LAWYER
we did it boys, of all the tendies I've had... GME TO THE MOON ~~AND BACK~~    😎😎😎

Is there a chance RH or others would festric my ability to SELL shares when the squeeze hits?
Holding since last Thursday and here for the moral ride then the Tendies at this point, but is that a possibility?
WARNING!! Trading Platforms Limiting Certain Stocks COULD LEAD to Loss of   Focus!!!
Quick Word: One goal of limiting stocks could be to force diversification and loss of focus from the retail investing (thus confusing and spreading out the   Market)! BEWARE, and stay focused!
SLV SLV SLV SLV GET IN WHILE ITS STILL CHEAP SLV SLV SLV TO THE FUCKING MOON
What should I use to buy $GME as Robinhood does not allow it
What should I use to buy $GME as Robinhood does not allow it. Any app recommendations??
The unsupported the stock right when it popped. What is going on.
i was trying to figure out why GME was no longer popping up in the Robinhood search bar... LOOK AT THIS SHIT! FUCK THEM ALL THEY CAN'T STOP THE ROCKET NOW BABY!
PLEASE EVEYONE LOOK AT THIS STOCKz has been being held down for months now. The news for this stock is EXCEPTIONAL. But HEAVILY MANIPULATED BY MM
TOPS
Imagine being RH and block off stocks that were on their markets just yesterday
Nice.
I just bought more shares on Merrill and executed at $409. shares have not been delivered for me
I did a market buy and it executed at $409 on Merrill edge.  been refreshing and not seeing my shares  I just called the representative and they told me that they are having trouble finding shares to deliver to me  the shorts are really trapped guys.  hold do not sell
KEEP FUCKING HOLDING
Do we have a plan in place in case of a potential shutdown ??
Seeing as there was an attempt to shutdown the discord yet & we’re on the verge of a potential lawsuit against RobinHood and all the pandemonium in Wall Street , what would the plan be for a shutdown of the subreddit ? I mean these hedgefund dudes don’t absolutely operate with morality so I wouldn’t hold it pass them to find a way to limit our communication. If we can’t converse further strategy in Discord or Reddit , where would we all collectively decide to go??
Let's fucking do this
Bout to jump in and lend a hand but wanting to make sure - if I drop money in and buy stocks and then it does eventually drop and I fuck up, I will never owe MORE money right? Like just the money I did put in is lost and oh well sad me yeah?
AMC to the moon
First time FOMO wants big AMC
GET ON WEBULL AND BUY BUY BUY GME
ROBINHOOD WILL FALL, GME WILL RISE! DON'T SELL YOUR ROBINHOOD INVESTMENT BUY AND HOLD. WHEN WE WIN WE WILL SELL AND DELETE THAT TREACHEROUS APP. DOWN WITH ROBINHOOD!!! LONG LIVE GME!     #     #     #     #     #     #     #     #     #
The stock is rising and I can’t buy at etoro either, WHERE CAN I BUUUUUY?
These 🐖🐖🐖 will not get 1 of my shares. This is personal to me. We will not be manipulated. We need to come together and stick it to them. LETTUCE NOT BE DENIED ! 🥬🥬🥬🥬 NOK GME AMC BBBY NAKD BB
Alternatives to Robinhood?
Obviously there will be hundreds of thousands of people closing their RH accounts closing in the nearish future.  Any suggestions for a less corrupt alternative?  WeBull, TD, Public, ...?
GME
Going up, let's go!!!!!!
NOK !
NOK !
Most talked about stocks still tradable on Robinhood
EXPR
$EXPR hold the line. Let's buy and fuck the shorter..
Xinyi Solar    🙈🙉🙊
LETS MAKE NOK THE NEXT GAMESTOP
Ima be honest a lot of people snoozed on the GameStop stocks so help some fellow retards out and let’s push NOK
THE NEW AMC $AMCX
Graph of population of WSB over the last couple of years. Thank you to the Mods for keeping this all together!!!
HOLDING!
YOLOed House, Gonna get a mansion now
Just sold house recently, currently living with friend.  Was about to buy new one but the cause must come first!  YOLOed all cash, will buy a mansion next week.
Short sellers are tied to a railing with their pants down...
It doesn’t matter that the little guys are being locked out by their cronies at the brokers because nothing will stop the wolves in Wall Street giving them a massive   now they have the   big guns will be up them like a rat up an aqueduct!!,
EH YO! BB Now.
BUY THE DIP!!
Boycott robinhood
Let this trend on twitter now #boycottRobinhood. Close account in RH and move money to other brokers. I think this is the time to show power of democracy.
Take zom to the moon ??!!
In case you needed any help, here’s how to close your Robinhood account after you withdraw all you money from them
Letsss goo 🤑Power to the people
Dogecoin to $1⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️
Just bought $750 of GME TIME TO REACH THE MOON
where can i buy DOGE?
$AMC hold and buy
Keep it up don’t be discouraged
A year ago I thought everyone here was just a bunch of clowns... guess who turned out to be the clown?
Account disabled in Stash
So I was searching for some of the popular stocks mentioned here recently and my account just went off, close and they ask me to login again with a code they would send but still haven’t received any.  I use face ID on my phone, so no need for this to happen.  It’s another way of manipulation to keep you away from your accounts. In Robinhood they also rejected my order for GME. Very upsetting!!
AMC and NOK getting rekt now bring some reinforcements!!
Wtf happens during dip when we can’t buy more?? How’s that gonna play out??
What happens then???
I guess we can add Mia Khalifa to the list of endorsements!
E TRADE will let you buy now!!
Go to E TRADE to buy GME!!
Political Party: DO NOT SELL
Is there a reason no one mentions Etrade here?
I'm very new at this, but I have been using Etrade since last year with no issues.  They haven't restricted any of our stocks and let you trade AH.  Is there a downside to Etrade that people don't like?
Nok, going to the moon together
IG TRADING ALLOWS YOU TO BUY ALL GME, AMC, NOK, BB, NKD!!
LETS SHOOT THIS TO THE MOON GUYS I'VE PUT IT ALL IN!
BUY GME NOW
BUY GME NOW
APHRIA IS NEXT THEY CAN’T TAKE OUR WEED
Stop and think. Endgame theory
Citadel is blatantly manipulating the market through Robinhood.  They want you to complain to the SEC in hopes they will halt this for investigation.   They would rather be guilty of this in hopes of paying a fine vs the squeeze which would mean devastation.    They know they are fucked.  The squeeze is imminent and they are holding out for a miracle stop from the SEC. it’s their only way out.    I’m buying and holding more and more but ask these complaints to the sec are going to cause a huge problem.  I’m so conflicted what do you think???
They screwed us
They screwed us out of our first trading window. Now let’s see what else they manage to do today :/
I don’t understand most of this but I stand with you guys
Like the title says I just encourage any supporters even if you don’t invest use the hashtags took keep this trending and show the world that you can’t keep the little guy down
WE GOT GAMESTOP TO THE HOLY NUMBERS, TIME TO TAKE NOK TO THE MOON
Do your part, DONT SELL

CONTINUE. BUY $GME $BB $AMC $NOK
You reed it. do it.
Etoro not working
I keep getting a message saying unable to set order/asking me to verify my account (when it is already verified). Anyone else experiencing issues?  Also getting "orders are not accepted during off-market hours" when it's clearly open...
DATCHAT
Does any one know anything about datchat ipo
Occupy WallStreetBets
THIS SATURDAY  LET'S PROTEST IN FRONT OF THE NYSE BUILDING  Make it peaceful, don't give them any excuse to demonize us (though I know they will anyway)  Wear masks, keep a safe distance, don't come if you you're feeling sick  But we need to send a message that this blatant market manipulation and class warfare will not be tolerated in a supposedly "free" country.
DEGIRO have still GME available! (Nice price too)
PAPER TO DIAMONDS!!!
hear me out!,.....  i started this journey as a joke and thought id get a good laugh, maybe make a few bucks on a fun ride....   Its gotten personal and im tired of the manipulation nd 'gaming' that the big bois can do.  Fuck them        im in long,  I LIKE THE STOCK.  I LOVE YOU PEAOPLE!!!!     you gotta be in it to win it.
What the fuck Stash? The shares I bought last night STILL say pending.
Wow fucking SNDL buy just got yeeted. Fuck these cocksuckers
WE CAN MESS WITH THEM TOO
Wealthsimple trying to manipulate the market! Fuck them NOK to the moon
NAKD
NAKD!!!!!!!!
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, HOOOOOLD
HOLD   YOUR   SELF
Where the f can I buy from europe, T212 Etoro n Binck wont let me
BUY GME
NIO to the moooooooooooooooon!!!!!!!
SNDL LFG!!!!   fuck #robbinghood
Really proud of everyone of you autists and retards.
Bankrupted a hedgefund and threw the entire stock market into turmoil.   I couldn't be prouder.
RothIRA on ETrade is the only platform I have left...
What is this nonsense with robinhood?
How is this possibly legal preventing people from trading certain stocks on your platform?   Forget GME for one second since it’s been in our retarded brains for what seems like eternity.  Even Sundial.... AMC. How is this legal? Just came here to say this is a load of fucking shit.
Switch to Fidelity! Free trades!
Build a bear stock??
Wtf going on help me understand or at least help me make money
It all ai fast and things are changing constantly,help
Sold a single share for the respect.. $
We did it
HOLD    🌕🌕  🏻
Show them what’s about! The dip made it HUGE!!   🏻  🏻
This Goes Both Ways
Retards I know you lot can't read nor understand numbers.  But they are raising margin requirement on the shorts as well. This means the amount that needs to go up before the shorts cover is lessened to a degree.   Processing img a8w61w5h83e61...   Not financial advise. Trade at your own risk. Not an offer to buy or sell any securities.
I LIKE BB
DO NOT BE SCARED OF MORNING DIP
Remember people, there is always a dip before 10:30!!! DO NOT SELL YET! HOLD THE LINE!!! THIS IS FREE MONEY AND WE ARE SENDING A MESSAGE!!!
GAMESQUARE!!!!!! FaZe Clan CEO TAKING over!!!
TO THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOON
You brilliant bastards
I don’t know a damn thing about stonks. I don’t know how the market works. I don’t have a spare dime to invest. I don’t even know who Dow Jones is (or Melvin, for that matter) All I know is that you amazing folk are really getting on the nerves of the big boys. And nothing is more beautiful than that.  HOLD AND MAKE THOSE HEDGE FUND HACKS PAY!! TO THE MOON LADS. TO THE MOON!!
$SNDL not supported by Robinhood anymore
Robincrooks
Lets cook the hedge funds in DLPN and CIDM!! They have too much power everyone go get you some!!! Them wall street goons need more than just one lesson!!
$ATOS
LETS INVEST IN A COMPANY THAT WILL CHANGE OUR FUTURE WITHIN COVID AND BREAST CANCER. 💕💕💕💕💕
MACY`S BUY BUY BUY
BUY
buy AAL squeeze it up 200%
please
Why is Robinhoodapp hiding stocks???
Can't BUY, DEPOSIT, or even COMMENT on eToro
Yesterday was completely fine, but now they are "reviewing my new account"? Fucking pussies, hope they rot like Melvin and co.  Stay strong euro-bros, and FUCKING HOLD
Officially Submitted A Complaint To The SEC Against RH and TD! Link in comments.
Wanna fuck a hedge fund?
Got the desire to plow a hedge fund's ass like a true patriot?   Urge to help with GME but don't have 400 bucks to drop?  Desire to go smooth brain?  I got the stock for you: AMC my dudes. You can do your part if you can't touch GME.  If you are a weak boy and sold GME, well you have your second chance too.     Also let's go GME!!!! FUCK YEAH  Obligatory
Let’s bring NAKD to the moon! small marketcap and really easy to move up!
Time to jump ship from Robinhood
With the shit RH is pulling right now, we can’t put it past them that they will prevent us from selling when it’s time (GME 5000). Do not bombard them with spam or hate. When this is all over, simply close out of your account, switch to a better trading platform, and SHORT THE LIVING SHIT OUT OF THEIR IPO.   This is not financial advice.
HOOOOLD STRONG TARD ARMY
IDEX
Shorts dont want IDEX jumps
Doing my part in buying 10k more GME. Holding 130 shares, ordered at 330, executed at 420, but I ain’t mad, we still got a loooong way to go 🌍    ✨  🪐✨✊🏻
I’m in. Because fuck the establishment!
E Trade is not blocking buying. Switch.
Fuck robinhood
Looks like we're bankrupting melvin through shorts and his buddies through lawsuits at this point! Don't sell don't sell don't sell
Gme gme gme gme
Well thats a weird side effect of Robinhood shutting down GME and friends. Hold your GME.
SNDL let’s goooooo hold hold hold!!!!!!
Robinhood
Maybe this suits their name perfectly, after this we're the rich and the shorts are the poor.     Position:   42 @ $
Didn’t have enough for GME. Come my other poor friends, AMC to the moon!
Mark Cuban on the Robinhood situation

listen here you
Give me all the brokers that haven't blocked GME yet. I have money to put interactive brokers blocked it. Tell me what other brokers are there so that I can move my money by next Monday open. AND DONT SELL YOUR CURRENT POSITION IN GME JUST HOLD !!!!!!! TO 5,000 WE FLY
TD logged me out of my session for searching AMC charts. Guess I'll hold.
Well, here we go then (Freetrade app)
ALL IN GME

what if we take down the rich while not saying slurs 😬
hello comrades   what if we considered not using the r word and a word as often?  let’s be inclusive as we fight the rich :)
To the moon
Robinhood ipo
Hope they get fucked when they ipo this year
Robinhood removed SNDL because it’s up big! Don’t let the hedge funds win!
Side question, why do we still have the old wallpaper? We need some WSB vs Wallstreet themed wallpaper now
BUY NAKD!!!
BUY NAKD!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RMTI?
Any thoughts on RMTI shorts?  Haven't heard anything here.
Robinhood
NAK big news coming. Get it while under $1
LET’S MAKE NOYSE IN OTHER COs like NOVN, ONTX or TNXP. LET,S control their experiment farms
Stocks
Whats everyone buying stocks on??

Cashapp
AMC is open
Buying F to Pay Respect to Robinhood
F F F
HOW IS WHAT THOSE BROKERS ARE DOING NOT A DECLARATION OF WAR?
How can multiple brokers coordinate a prohibition on buying but not shorting/selling? There was no warning and no public statement.  And why are shorts not being punished for doubling down over and over again instead of being forced to buy to close out THEIR position? This is brokers and their short hedge fund clients blatantly giving the finger to those long GME.  They stole billions of dollars from retail investors in the matter of minutes and are continuing to steal.  Is this not corruption to its core?  Never once did they make the shorts stop doubling down, they just blame the retail investors.  This appears to me to be a declaration of war by those controlling financial markets.
They haven't banned trading LGND today
Just saying. Lift me up.
DON'T BE A PAPER HAND LOOK AT THIS PUSSY SHIT
Fuck it. All in on GME. I like the stock  🤲 🤲 🤲
Why is Robinhood slowing down orders/stopping from buying stock during market hours. Are they scared?
BUY THE AMC DIP YOU F  KS WE AINT DONE YET
READ THE TITLE
Need Quick Alternative To RH
I have $5000 in buying power in RH and want to get in on GME. After what they did today I need a new brokerage. Any idea on how to move over quickly and still be able to buy today?
Cinedigm   CIDM   LETS SHOW TELL BIG TECH ITS A FREEWORLD WITH COMPETITION SUCK IT UP SHITFLEX AND PRIMEAZON. AND THE LITTLE   CIDM   SAID ROLL OVER ROLL OVER.
Are we still pumping amc?
It's a meme economy fellas
WEBULL?
Which is better? Webull or Robinhood??
Rough
I just posted a 1 star review for robinhood. If you’re locked out or you couldn’t trade certain stocks let them know! They don’t deserve our money and our service.
HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD
Leak this to your local news!!!
I REMOVED MY SELL LIMITS
10 000 OR NOTHING
VXRT I love the stock!!
Covid vaccine pills!!!
It looks like Robinhood won’t let me purchase GME, BB, or AMC any one know of an alternative way to purchase
$AMC $GME $NOK
BUY AND HOLD
Trades executed
The buy orders I put in last night for all of the now restricted stocks just went through.
Hold the AMC hold the GMC. I’ll meet you all at the moon

Another classic tale of Robin Hood. These    are moving to Webull...
BUY BUY CRYPTO
Guys stocks are too manipulated . The big boys of the market always win. They have the money, the influence and the power to defeat us. MOVE TO CRYPTO.  NO one can shut down bitcoin  Not a government, not Robinhood, not hedge funds. No one.   BUY crypto from actual exchanges and withdraw to a wallet of your own. We have learned from robinhood today that you don’t actually own your stocks.  Buy crypto and lets break the establishment   Sign up to binance for free using the link below and you get 20% back on trading fees
Hold Hold Hold! They take our ability to buy in! They post false news reports! They halt our stock! They tank our stock after hours to scare us off!! They order an investigation for market manipulation!!! Boysssss n Women! He n /she we DONT FU KEn SELLLLL!!!!  🌕
Help! Need to push NOK and AMC! Let’s go!!!!!!!
YOU CAN BUY $GME SHARES ON PUBLIC
UPVOTE AND SPREAD THIS THREAD SO THE RETARDS CAN STOP PANICKING!                   I bought the stock because I like Game Stop. Can’t stop. Won’t stop. Public won’t stop you either. Download it!!   This isn’t financial advice though, just a suggestion
IT'S RISING! HOLD THE LINE LADS!
HOLD IT! HOLD THE LINE! WE CAN DO THIS! FUCK WALL STREET!
Come on nok to the SUNNNN
ATTN: 3.3million GME shares just became available to be shorted unless we keep buying WE LIKE THE STOCK
Webull still allowing buys!
Canceled my deposit in RH and put it in Webull and successfully purchased NOK just 2 minutes ago.   Just wanted to let y'all know
Just passing by, see you on the moon
BUY THE DIP!!! $AMC to the moon
Bruh is it just me or are Robin Hood and E TRADE bot working?
FUCK ROBINHOOD
FUCK THIS... 100000% leaving Robinhood if they don’t fix this mess by EOD tomorrow
LETS GO. DIAMOND HANDS ARE ALL YOU NEED      SIGN FROM THE GODS THAT WE’RE ALL ILLITERATE RETARDS
We gotta HOLD
Guys don't sell your Stocks they wanna freak us out, it'll go to the moon!
Let gooooo
NAKD!!!! To the moooooooon
Cash app is fucking me
IF LIVE GIVES YOU CITRUS BUY FUCKN GME
DOGECOIN TO THE MOON!!!!
DOGE
ahhhhhhh the crowd goes wild
Just spent money for textbooks on AMC
As the title suggests, I spent the little money I had for school on AMC. New investor and long time lurker liking my odds. If AMC goes to the moon, I'll be retarded for failing my semester but at least I'll have money. Thanks gents 🍺
Hold your line!!!!!
HOLD YOUR LINE!!!!!!!
To all my fellow Canadian/American autists out there
To all my fellow Canadian/American autists out there, Disnat (Desjardins/QC) broker still allows GME stocks as if nothing happenned.
Well that sucks. DON'T SELL OR TRY TO SELL GME!
I saw that GME was tanking a bit so I made a sell order. Then I changed my mind and tried cancelling the sell and the cancel did not go through. I tried it both on my phone and my laptop to cancel and Robinhood said they were experiencing sever problems before the trading began.     All   of the GME were sold. Even when I tried and pressed cancel multiple times on both my laptop and phone. Transferred all my money back to my bank. Fuck Robinhood right now.     DONT BE LIKE ME, REMEMBER $1,000 IS NOT A MEME! YOU ALL CAN GET THERE BY TOMORROW. I WILL USE WHAT TENDIE MONEY I HAVE OBTAINED AND CARRY ON! USE THOSE DIAMOND HANDS PEOPLE!
Wealthsimple not working
Anyone else’s app not working properly?? It isnt selling shares for me and isnt cancelling some limit orders either. It didnt even execute an order i placed when price was way above the limit i placed.
Seriously what's happening with amc gme keeps going up but amc has done the total opposite i refuse to pull but seeing it going down hurts
Order for 200 NOK went through      . Leaving RH after this is over they can’t be trusted. HOLD THE LINE
HOLD THIS IS A SIGN.    ONLY
WE DID IT BOYS, BUT WE DON'T STOP HERE. $420,690 HERE WE COME
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH TO THE HEDGE FUNDS WIFES HOUSE WE GOOOOOOOOOOO!
MASSIVE SHORT INTEREST IN ALTRIA $MO FLY MY BROTHERS
Portnoy in the fight
DOGECOIN
Buy buy buy buy
LONG OVERDUE! CONGRATULATIONS!
When you can SHORT 140% of a company's float, THAT IS MANIPULATION.  These Shorting Hedge Fund Turds can manipulate a stock just by TALKING about it.  They routinely destroy, companies, families and ordinary people.  This action by you guys is long overdue!  Congratulations!
THE MOMENT WE TOUCHED $  (STRATOSPHERE)!!!! ITS ALL   HANDS NOW BOYS, TO THE MOON WE GO!!!!
Other Brokerage Apps with Instant Deposit?
FUCK ROBINHOOD  Instant Deposit alternatives?
HOLD!!! FROM BRAZIL WITH WSB! TO THE MOON!
KEEP IT UP
Get high on GRNH weed stock
This science based weed stock was previously at $1,000 a share and needs a boost! GreenGro Technologies Inc Common Stock is trading at $
Revolut help
I had shares in Microsoft and sold them to buy shares in GME, but the money I got for selling still hasn’t gone into my “Available to invest” yet and it was deducted from my balance. Using Revolut.  Anyone know why? Usually happens instantaneously.
STOP WORRYING ABOUT OTHER NEXT BIG THINGS, THE BIG THINGS ARE RIGHT HERE
BUY AMC, GME, BB, and NOK THE SQUEEZE IS ALMOST OVER
What’s the deal with BB & AMC?!
Is this just a dip or should I abandon ship? 😭
GameStop Earns Top Marks in Human Rights  ’s 2021 Corporate Equality Index   Gamestop Corp.
GME BB NOK AMC
Do not sell.  Just hold.   Tomorrow put bets will expire.   And than
Don't forget AMC and NOK!
This AM both AMC and NOK down, time to pick up more shares!
Will this be a turning point in the American Economy?
Do you think that maybe this is going to have some really long lasting effects good and bad?      I'll be in chat talking with people
Can't managed to buy GME anywhere, guess I'm too late
I saw that every website closed the GME stock so I can't participate to the HOLD. Have fun guys !    Here is my paypal if anyone is feeling it :      🏻  .　　　　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　   　 　　　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\ 　　　　　　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　 　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　　　　　　　 　 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ 　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　,　　   　  .　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　ﾟ　  　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　☀️　　.  ,　　　　　　　.　　　　　　    　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　  　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　    　      　　　　　        　　　  　　　　　　　　　　. 　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　   　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　    ✦ 　   　　　,　　　　　　　　　　　      　　　　 　　,　　　 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　 　　 　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　           　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　˚　　　 　   　　　　,　　　　　　　　　　　       　    　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　  　　    　　　　　 　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\  　　   　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　　　　         　        　　　　 　　 　　　　　　　 　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　    　　. 　 　　　　　.　　　　   　　　　　   　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　   　  ˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　ﾟ　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　 　 🌎 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ,　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\  .　　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　   　 　　　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\ 　　　　　　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.
SCHWAB still allows you to buy NOK
NOK to the moon
If you cant trade call your broker
If enough people call they will change these shit policies.
Prison Time
If some crackedhead broke into your home for a $100  , no-one would care that he got a 20 Year sentance in a private prison for it.  It is not enough, that Robin Hood inc. Be dismembered for this fuckery.   The individuals responsible need to be made an example of, and we would ensure future profits by seeing that whoever conspired, or signed their abitrary decision spend their lives in prison with Bernie Madoff and Martin Shkelli.  I am at work now, but I intend to dedicate my future income, and time in retribution against this criminals.  If Vladimir Tenev, or Baiju Bhats names are anywhere near this, their children need to rot in poverty.
Waiting for liquidation!
The pandemic didn't crush the market the highest unemployment didn't crush the market a 100K Reddit users will crush the market by catching greedy asses looking to kill off companies. Why? Wall street planned a pullback in a few months, you are all beating them to the punch. Enjoy AAPL and MSFT and other staples at a discount as hedge funds liquidate to cover their losses.
Ameritrade is back up
Their servers were down but you can login again
VYNE
They halted
They halted
Serious Question
How do we beat these fuckers if they don’t have to play by the rules?
Nice action on Crypto recently - DOGE coin. But why DOGE? Isn’t Ripple (XRP) under SEC attack? The market should prove otherwise. Unfair for SEC to divulge now after more than 7 years, risking public investment.
Citadel is the final boss
I've seen a lot about filing SEC complaints, but most of that seems to be directed at Robinhood. Robinhood is just a foot soldier to Citadel. They are the gigantic market maker responsible at core for much of this situation. File your complaints against them.
Strategy in Uncertain Times
Robinhood is collaborating with Melvin and Citron etc. to squash us, the little men. It seems we need an intelligent response.   1) Nuke Robinhood’s reviews. They’ve sold out to the big men and were never our allies.  2) Hold the line on plays discussed. DON’T SELL YOU GUYS. If people hold the line they will quickly see how hard it is to stop 1 million idiots with a cellphone and that we can see through their bulls   . We will not be silenced or feared.  3) Start discussing new plays to hit where we can hurt. A few people on here over the past few days have pointed to $AG as something with large short positions on it, and squeezing it will hurt big banks. Precious metals (in this case, silver) have been price manipulated by the big guys for years to cover for inflation.  Housing prices just had their best month ever??? Meanwhile, gold and silver basically flat?!! A SCAM! I took someone’s advice and went all-in YOLO on $AG. That being said looking for more...  Discuss my fellow little men. The end draws near for our captors. The age of tendies is upon us!  Disclaimer: I am long $AG. Also, holding $GME $AMC $NOK and some $BB.  🙏🏼  Edit 1: I am NOT a financial professional and this is NOT financial advice. Edited to add this and to change a little bit of wording to avoid getting flagged for “market manipulation”. We know they’ll call that whenever they possibly can now.  Edit 2: deleted and reposted with new title and edits to make sure we’re kosher. To the moon my friends.
Well, some apps are allowing us to buy. Keep the faith. Just scooped up 19 tickets to the moon      using a Canadian trading app.
M1 Finance next class action?
$AAL 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
$AMC-$NOK-$GME.. NOK is at low prices!! BUY and ride!!
Robinhood cancelled my GME order?! I did not do this, and now GME won't appear in Robinhood search to buy again... WTF IS GOING ON?
Cash App pending
I bought some stock of AMC last night and my purchase is still pending and I can't put more in does anyone know why?
IF THEY TAKE OFF ONE STOCK FORCE THEM TO TAKE OFF ALL
They think they can stop us? Let's pump other low stocks to the Moon! They can't stop every single one of us! For the mean time HOLD!!!
BBY
I just purchased Best Buy via Robinhood! Back in the game or false hope?
Newbie will Hold!!
Bought into AMC last night, it’s down 30% at opening and T212 have blocked me buying more but I’m holding forever. This is the way
FIDELITY WILL TAKE YOUR GME or AMC TRADES. Switch to Fidelity from Robinhood.
FIDELITY WILL TAKE YOUR TRADES!
Billionaire sugar daddies?
Wallstreet crys
I wanted to join in, but robinhood wont let me :/
I'm late to the fucking party, but partially idec about the losses; I wanna be a part of this. Little did I know that robinhood won't even let me search GME or AMC even with the little crumbs of money I have. Guess you guys that are in can't pull out, but you all got my prayers on your side
Nice 😎
Buy NAKD
Fuck robinhood
I'm gonna spam them with messages telling them that if they do not let me buy some more GAME STONKS before today ends I will pull out and close my account and move to whoever they hate the most.   FREE MARKET BITCH   Who's with me?
😎  🏻
nokia is back
you can buy in to nokia again
This is as close as I'll ever get boys.
Schwab prevented buys on GME and AAL, then locked me out of my account.
Market manipulation right here.
Can someone dumb down and explain what's happening right now and how things work?
I keep seeing things all over reddit and twitter and Im really confused as to how it all works. Any help/explanation would be awesome :)
What next
With GME no longer being able to be bought what’s next. Is the plan to push BB to as high as possible now?
Lets Go
Time To send Old school Nokia to the Moon
WHERE TO BUY GME WITHOUT HARASSMENT
EU LICENCED BROKER GME STOCK AVAILABLE FOR LONG POSITIONS as well as all other instruments. Basically a newer and more convenient version of Interactive Brokers  Come my peoples, lets do it!
Ice Poseidon calls his parents and tells them to put life savings on GME
Nice 😎
Robinhood trying to explain to me that “stonks are hard”
I just gave Robinhood a 1 star rating. Doing the same for every trading app that is rigging the system.
If they won't let us trade, then they'll be down rated. Let the world see their shame.
Did we push BB to the side?
It's going down. Should I sell and buy AMC?
Robinhood just stole my profits
I purchased gme at 290 and i had a sell order at 350, they sold it at 290 and did not give me profits... fucking cock suckas
Can I resell GME on stock x?
What other brokerage to use?
I have always used and preferred Robinhood but recently switched to Webull and i dont really like it. What are some other brokerage accounts to use. I have heard about TOS and Tasyworks but don't know anyone who uses them personally
My imagining of the Cast of “The Big Squeeze” (2027) directed by Adam McKay, written by Aaron Sorkin. Produced by George Clooney and Will Ferrell; Paramount Pictures
u/DeepFuckingValue - Joseph Gordon Levitt Michael Burry, MD - Christian Bale (of course) Ryan Cohen - Chris Pine Gabriel Plotkin (Founder of Melvin)- Andrew Garfield Andrew Left (Citron creator) - Paul Giamatti Cramer - David Koechner (Todd Packer, The Office) WSB Bro 1 (bull) - Miles Teller WSB Bro 2 (bear) - Jesse Eisenberg WSB Bro 3 (meme guy) - Donald Glover Elon Musk - himself Baiju Bhatt (RH founder) - Dev Patel Vladimir Tenev (RH founder) - Jason Schwartzman Chamath Palihapitiya - Kumail Nanjiani Boomer 1, learning about WSB - Jeff Bridges Boomer 2, learning about WSB - Julianne Moore Kenneth Griffin (Citadel LLC) - Greg Kinnear   Story would be similar to The Big Short, following multiple timeline of all the various players. Quasi-documentary style with narration/breaking 4th wall.   8 Oscar nominations. Wins 3 - Screenplay, Supporting Actor (Garfield), and Editing  After the Oscars, it’s announced that the movie is a prequel to “Mars”, a movie produced by Tesla Pictures (they acquired Sony/Sony Pictures and now make movies). “Mars” is about Elon Musk’s son (played by Jacob Tremblay) literally flying a rocket (    ) to the planet Mars on a ship funded by GME/AMC/NOK/BB gains from 2020.  More rocket emojis because now they just turn me on
Market Manipulation: Robinhood is a criminal enterprise
AMC TO THE MOON   📈📈📈📈📈
ITS ALL I COULD GET, IM DOING MY BEST
IM NOT FUCKING LEAVING
Fuck Robinhood
If I was playing a football game and crushing my opponent, and then my opponent paid the ref at halftime to change the rules and only allow me to play defense for the remainder of the game how could I possibly win?  Of course Robinhood went to bat for their rich greedy wall street buddies and locked us out of the system this morning by only allowing sells, creating a panic and destroying momentum in not just GME but in every "MEME stock" that has been talked about or taken an interest here on WSB.  I for one am packing up all of my earnings, and closing out my Robinhood account.  These guys make a killing off of the small fee charged everytime someone makes a trade, and if millions of users leave their service they will lose a ton of revenue as a result.  These assholes want to stifle the free market?  Well, I guess the free market can stifle back.
$600,000 GME GAIN PORN. Wall street bets is getting shutdown.
Wall street bets is getting shutdown.  Less gooooooooo  PREMIUM STREET BETS-
Mark Cuban is asking the right questions here... STAND UP FOR WHATS RIGHT HERE YOU SWEET SEXY MOTHER FU KERS. I LOVE YOU ALL. GODSPEED AND HOLD THOSE SHARES LIKE YOUR WIFES BF DEPENDS ON IT.   $GME
NOK News... where can we take it?
A place to banter, learn and share news on NOK.
Is this legal?
Is it legal for RH to restrict new positions on $GME? I’m suspicious if hedge funds strong armed them to do that or they’d be losing business. Hope SEC look into that. I feel like there should be repercussions somehow.  $GME 43 @148
How I feel as a Canadian watching this go down
REP. RASHIDA TLAIB IS WITH US!!!!
The Dogecoin run has just started
Dogecoin +500% today, easily!
Censorship at its finest I’ve had this account for months
Stop using Robin hood
Update a list for $GME AMC NOK who still work with online brokers
1611875027
$SLV
We doin this SLV? already above the ADV. I'm long.
Fuck it, we’ll use our own currency
Entering $GME today with e trade! Yoloing for the first time
I like the stock
IF ROBINHOOD GOES TOO LOW, IT WILL BE TAKEN OFF THE APP STORE
Again, DON'T retaliate at robinhood by giving them a one star. If ANYTHING give them FIVE stars and a poor comment review. We need people to still be able to access the app, don't let the big guys manipulate us to close one of our biggest terminals
Im gonna frame this
absolutely true, if I say so myself!
Call your congresspeople and DEMAND that Congress and the SEC investigate Robinhood
By restricting buy orders, robinhood is showing that they’re willing to break SEC regulations to prop up these big hedge funds. Show them that we can’t be stopped!  To the moon
FOKKIN DID IT BOIS
Still Can’t Login to TD
I guess they told their IT/Dev team to take the day off? 😒   Anyone able to login?
Look to stocks with high short interest that are not restricted by brokerages....
It's ridiculous what they have done.  There are many other highly shorted stocks out there.  Macys being one of them.
Buy dogecoin!!!!
HOLDDDD DOR FOR THE SAKE OF GOD HOLD RHE FUCKING DOOR, WE WILL BE AT VALHALLA SOON!

Serious Question
How do we beat these fuckers if they don’t have to play by the rules?
Nice
Boomer still holding. Do not fall for the scare profit!! DON'T SELL! You guys (retards) are awesome! Behind you 140% You win, we all win!!
Do Not Sell Robinhood Delisted GME. See bottom of picture.
$RIG to the moon         on Robinhood. Still available
Never forget what Robinhood did to us
After all this dies down slightly, we need to organise a class action lawsuit at the very least - there is now way we can allow them to get away with this market manipulation
IT DID THE THING BOIS TO THE FUCKING MOON
Awww yeeeaaaaahhhh
Screw Wall Street
Dear Moderators,  Me a couple fellow Duke students are working on a project to create an ETF for the WSB stocks. We have done a lot a research and talked to many of our professors to conclude that we need some capital for the project. I want to ask to see if you would be able to post the GoFundMe on the forum. It’s feasible and would monitor certain stocks like TSLA, NIO, GME, and more. The initial plan is to update the ETF every month to get peak performance.  With the recent news and backlash from media and hedge funds, we feel like now is the time to band together and create something that we can create a larger community by.  If you would like to talk further about our idea or want to be involved, please text or call my cell ~ 5707139751  Thanks.
Never seen anything so beautiful
HOLD $NOK LIKE YOU GONNA HOLD YOUR NEW BORN BABY
LETS MAKE SOME MONEY BOYS    DO NOT SELL NOK, BUY THE DIP! 🧨
Infinity and beyond
Hold GME until infinity
Non-americans wants to trade on NYSE to buy (AND HOLD) GME
Retards, help us, there's some way of doing it?
u/DeepFuckingValue has been leading us to this point for over a year    boys
Bought NAKD 200 just  's go all in
To The Moon NAKD
BUY. NAKD!!!!  Its cheap so you can get a lot.  11% short interest, lets make the big boys sweat!!
Your r/bitcoin friends salute you. If a traditional Wall Street firm had spotted & targeted vulnerable shorts in GME etc, they'd go down in history as epic financial legends. Complete BS double-standard that WSB is getting blasted. Power to the   and BTC are two sides of the same coin.
3 invested into GME! Rockeeeeeet!
There is absolutely no reason for this not to reach 500 EOD. It did earlier. Get onboard guys!!
AMC
Predictions for AMC today?
WHERE CAN WE BUY MORE GME?
AMC AMC AMC AMC AMC
CMON BOYS KEEP STEADY AND HOLDDDDDD
Which platforms still trading GME/BB/AMC etc?
I got friends trying to jump in, but they can't find anywhere to buy.
AMC   💫💫💫
AMC TO THE MOONNNN
Hold your   are bleeding red... Longer you hold... The more they bleed.
Hold you position bitches!
WTF IS WRONG WITH ROBINHOOD   🤨 SHIIIIT
HOLD ON TO BB AND AMC! THEY ARE SHORTING!
Anyone trying to activate Revolut trading account?
Says it's gonna take 3-5 min but it's taking hours. Is it manually approved or have they disabled activating trading accs?
Virgin Galactic trade placed at 8:16cst on Cashapp just went through. AMC and Nokia trades placed around 8:00 still pending.
Robinhood!
Everyone go @ the CEO OF ROBINHOOD and ask him why he blocked the stocks were merely interested in?
Do you think RWLK(very very small cap) will be the next KOSS?!
im looking for stocks that may be the next KOSS, and i think she fit the criteria with big amount of shorts and very small cap?   what do you guys think?   should i invest? dose there other stocks you in mind?     Thanks..
Hold that Line boys!
Stop pussying out HOLD GME
EVERYONE TO EXPRESS
It’s one of the only stocks that’s inflated and hasn’t been stopped by RH. Power to the people. Let’s go. EXPR.
ROBINHOOD JUST EXECUTED MY ORDERS FOR GME, NOK, AND AMC.... SO CONFUSED?? 🤨
Express
We are getting killed in Express! Help us out if you can.
Just posting info for anyone looking for it
if you use an app that is not allowing you access to the free market, you guys have done some tremendous work!
Hold!
Give people time to switch from Robinhood, etc. to platforms that are letting us trade GME and AMC, etc.
Anyone buying the Silver Dip?
Loads of tweets about WBS jumping on Silver around.      What are your thoughts?
We die it boys, we surpassed $
TD Ameritrade won't let me buy anything, from Nokia to Alaska. Sue 'em
Let’s Build Dogecoin!!
Me when my boomer mom told me to think about selling my 7 shares.
Dogecoin covering all my losses today
For real though, any information on why doge is    right now?
GME is on Freetrade. You can get an account set up super fast. Use this link to get a free share:   Join me and invest commission-free with Freetrade. Get started with a free share worth £3-£200.
Doge is about to hit .02 retards
Spare money put into Doge!
I understand that today was for the big stocks but while we hold out on it maybe put the spare change into Doge. It's going up quick!
$1000 next week is...inevitable
Yesterday we refueled, Today we Fly     Gme out of the solar system!!!
There’s   new people as of today god please ban them, the shitposting is unreal
The feed looks like an absolute shithole of half sense half nonsense and a grand fortune of “IVE OBVIOUSLY NEVER POSTED HERE, HERES MY SHITPOSTING”  Y’all need to start hammering down on this, wtf is happening to our community 🤦‍♂️
Stash has me locked out completely
That's not the metaphor we use around here.
Processing img 8f4ojwkf73e61...
Love that you are not folding!
I'm so happy to be a very small part of this. The brokers are folding to the powers that be, but you are not! They will pay, especially RH! You can't say your for the people then F them the first chance you get. I'm guessing  the majority of you trade on RH and will drop them because of this. I am dropping TD. Don't like the   you of "retard" here but love what you're doing. WE WILL NOT GO QUIETLY IN THE NIGHT!
Mfg !!! Don’t miss this one ! Buy mfg
THE AMC AND NOK WALLS HAVE BEEN BREACHED!
WE WILL NOT LET THESE HEDGE FUNDS TAKE THIS LAND. HOLD YOUR AMC AND NOK DO NOT SELL, SUPPORT WILL COME I REPEAT DO NOT SELL FOR A LOSS!
$  LETS GO
Europe small-cap short squeeze
We need your help in Europe too!! Solutions30 ($S30) is a great company with strong fundamentals (20% growth and high margins) that is being shorted by Muddy Waters hedge fund and destroying all the value of a small-cap company. They have been falsely accused of wrong accounting and the company has sued the hedge fund for defamation. Let's squeeze them! hodl!!!!
This is fxcking war!!!
They is a revolution at its finest
In terms of opportunities and OTM Calls I really like MU. I have 10 calls at   strike. The reason for my is the rate of growth others in the Sector experianced NVDA, AMD and how much bigger the market caps on those were in contrast to MU and sector % spike. I got a 10x return on the first set.
It’s time! Smoke em if you got em! I like this stock!
Stay true pony boy
I'm not fucking selling!
FUCK. ROBINHOOD.
They have delisted our main stocks and only will allow us to sell. I dunno what more to say
Normies (like me) wanna know what's up $AMC $GME and $NOK
Not sure how long to make this but I'll keep it brief. A lot of people on the outside are watching this because they want to watch the big men burn/want in on the action or both. The ones who are broke are  unsure about whether or not they should even try and help because they want in to make gains to help them out a hole or just cuz. What can they do to make the big boys hurt? Is this an "every penny counts" kinda thing?
DO NOT SELL. you’ll be able to sell in a few days KEEP HOLDING THEYRE TRYING TO SCARE US OFF
Which one do I get? I’m so new. Keep pumping into $GME and AMC! Trying to figure out which one of these is the best deal and then I can use my own $$ into $GME.
LET ME BUY!!!! Everyone get your complaints in asap!!
WE DID IT WE SCREWED OVER THE HEDGE FUND. LITERALLY!!!!!
Robinhood
Set your limit sells high if you don’t want Robinhood to auto sell whatever restricted stock you have.
More is needed but focus on gme rn
Long time lurker first time poster: Stay Strong gang! Y’all are making history!
Apes strong together!
meme stonk
Nice
Fundamentally speaking, they are rigging the market
Don't let 'em do it to you. RH should be shut down. I never touched the app, I use real brokerages from the start, but I bet your TOS doesn't say they can restrict trading in a fair and open market to make it one sided to help their pals at Citadel.     What's harder to buy right now, a PS5 or a share of GME?
YOLO ON BB. Where the bb gangsters at?!?!?
Let's go!!!!!!!!!!!!
It is showtime now for NOK buy it!!!!!
Stock is on sale again
Questrade For Canadians
For all Canadians, Questrade allows orders on AMC, BB, GME.   BUY BUY BUY!
We have passed a monument! Now onward to 5k+. HOLD STRONG THEY CANT STOP US
HODL
Dont cave to the suits
Got a quick shot for those who missed it! Stay strong! Hold or die!
LET’S GOOO!!!!     GME
Keep holding & buying, $500 is right there!!!
Keep the poor
So we are aloud to lose our   not make any money......
Do not sell!!!!! ROBINHOOD restriction does not mean to sell!!! HOLD HOLD!!!!
Do not sell!!!!! ROBINHOOD restriction does not mean to sell!!! HOLD  HOLD!!!!
Hold AMC! Don’t let them scar3 you into selling!!
For the meme ✊🏽
This is Where We Fight, This is Where They DIE - Tony Mandarich
We didn't come this far, to only come this far.
Good morning world, As we start the new day and begin another fight, I would like to say how proud I am of all of us for what we have created.  What started off as a means to earn a little bit of money has turned into a movement.  What we are doing is being heard globally and bells are ringing.  We will be talked about for years to come.  We are fighting against the corporate greedy monsters who have manipulated the markets for decades thriving on OUR losses.  While we have always been left high and dry, they go home to sip on their $5000 c , sleeping peacefully only to do that same very thing again the next day.  Well no more.  THIS IS WAR.  We are stronger together.  We didn't come this far to only come this far.  This is the time to stand up and make your voices heard.  Only way way to win this fight is to stand strong and don't give in to tactics.  They will throw everything at us and they are trying to divide us by spreading false information in the media, throwing dirt on our name, using bots to divert our attention. That hasn't worked and WILL NOT WORK.  We all have proven that we will leave no person behind.  We ALWAYS come back faster and stronger.  They will attempt to keep driving the price down. Don't give in.  HOLD! HOLD! HOLD! DO NOT GIVE THEM A REASON TO DRIVE THR PRICE DOWN. Only way to hurt these greedy corporate theifs is to take away from them what they love the most.  Which is the money they have been stealing from us.  Hold your fort.  Together we are stronger.  We didn't come this far to only come this far. We must win this war.  Godspeed
GME TO THE MOON! (In my opinion of course)
All Good!
Wheres everyone at witj SLV??
Leggo
Well I’m fucked boys
Robinhood is blocking trading of GME and etoro won’t verify my account for another couple days. GG Robinhood, hopefully the rest of you retards get rich
DOGE COIN now halted on Robinhood
Biggest Mother F'ing conspiracy ever on  't buy the puppy dog Dogecoin slated to rocket.     Who the hell do they think they are restricting us!  Robinhood was to take from the rich to give to the poor, sounds like robinhood is on the take! #dumprobinhood
Robinhood stopped trading this tight when I sold some other shares to buy in. Any way for me to buy this now through another trading platform... like now? I'm ready to join the bandwagon and squeeze the big guys.
Not like I used you anyways you filthy peasant
A THEORY (Cc- Dave Portnoy)
HIGH   REALITY ISNT REAL
UPDATE🚨🚨🚨🚨... guys they were blocking GME   earlier but if you came late to the revolution there is still a way to make money with Dogecoin. Let’s get em. WE NEED GAINS TOO💪
And no, I’m not driving attention away from GME but a lot of people are broke rn and want another opportunity to make thousands, if not millions, on dogecoin. We help EACHOTHER out
Thank to the guys and gals around the globe for continuing to buy and hold.
May we put our differences aside for the greater good- A 'merican
THE HEDGE FUNDS ARE MELTING - STAY STRONG AUTISTS
Your r/bitcoin friends salute you. If a traditional Wall Street firm had spotted & targeted vulnerable shorts in GME etc, they'd go down in history as epic financial legends. Complete BS double-standard that WSB is getting blasted. Power to the   and BTC are two sides of the same coin.
Apple stock to the moon
Another short squeeze potential stock: GSAT
Tl;dr : mudcuck capital is     , short squeeze GSAT  First off, I love you all from taking Shitron and Gayven capital by the balls. You all have my respect. GME        Anyway anther good stock that is being shorted is GSAT. Recently they were downgraded by jp Morgan or someone to like 58 cents. Most is shorted by mudrick capital so let's make them mudcuck capital. Currently they are worth   So basically you can buy a lot of stock for practically each dollar you invest.
NAK to the moon
📈📈📈
FREE STOCK DISCORD!!! LINK BELOW!!! LETS FUCK THESE HEDGE FUNDS!!!!

What brokers to buy GME in europe?
Hello fellow retards from the other side of the ocean. Can you suggest any brokers to buy GME for europe?
The army of Mordor is at our gates! We hold these foul beasts till they drop dead!
Like many of you I use Robinhood and they have betrayed us. Do not sell. If no one can buy then why should we sell? Do not be scared of loosing your money or gains for they will rise like a Phoenix! Hold my comrades! We are many and we are United!
Schwab and e-Trade won't let me sell any stocks I own that are NOT GME... THIS IS BULLSHIT
GME
NAKD
GO BUY NAKD RN ITE AT A HUGE LOW BUY NOW
Can somebody please bankrupt student loans?
Its time to set people free!
GME stock mysteriously missing from Ally account this morning, huh funny that
Woke up this morning and Ally is having "technical difficulties" again, but it seems to be only with displaying GME stock and options.  How convenient.     Discuss the brazen corruption of Ally bank here.
Just finished my GME DD. Looking pretty fine, hitting $1500 next monday
OZSC
OZSC next GME???
Hold the lines cucks I'm buying in today! NOK AMC NAKD and BB
Pinch their shorts  Even if I lose it feels good f um
The new official outfit at WallStreet !!!
Dogecoin is still available on robinhood
MarketWatch belongs on the shitlist now too
TD Ameritrade
Two days in a row locked up, man this is getting nutz!!!!
$TSNP ??? Looks like a long hold!
BUY RCEL !!!
BUY RCEL !!! Going up up up!!!
You Guys are Revolutionary. ROBINHOOD Went from 4 stars straight to   Stars. Admire the Hustle boys!!!
$RXMD (Progressive Care) Short Selling Victim
Progressive Care Inc, $RXMD went from $  in 2004 to $  in 2021 ... Check out the result in short-selling in Nov 2007/Dec 2008 #wallstreetbets
You can sell but not buy NOK, AMC, and BB on Robinhood. Keep pushing.
Shenanigans. Market manipulation at its sleaziest. I like these stocks. Great stocks.  Hold the line.  I’m proud to know y’all.
Bought in at
Order wouldn't get filled. Couldn't do a market order for some reason. Moved limit from 320 > 340 > 400.   Saw it rise. Broker slow AF. Thought fuck it,   USD. INSTANTLY FILLED. This is a sign guys.     Also rocket emojis
Going well on BBBY !!!
Found a pic of DFV...
Stockpile Mini Rant.
Not sure if you can buy GME, NOK, BB, AMC on there currently, but if you’re considering trying, I’d say no. They don’t process trades instantly. Was thinking I was buying AMC at $  the other day, and they don’t process orders until end of trading day... so my purchase went in at $  a share. Do. Not. Recommend.
This is how its going to be huh?
Blackberry 🅱️🅱️ to the fucking moon!!!
Buy the dip and bask in the glory of the gods in Valhalla tomorrow
BB GOOOOO
BUY AMC
We are more than ever
WSB attracted lot´s of attention and i for example just joined reddit and bought GME yesterday. Our next moves will be insane and our Growth will even outpeforme bitcoin. GME to 1000$ and after that Bitcoin to  $ !!!
Revolut open for GME business
YOLO available at revolut still! I just yeeted my last pennies in GME     🥔
I'm too young
I want to invest but I am under 18. Any ideas?
RLFTF - Relief Theraputics
Check it out - doing good for COVID treatment. Way undervalued and off the mainstream radar
STILL HOLDING JUST BOUGHT MORE GME! WE REALLY DOING THISSSSSS
LET GOOOOOO
How it started
Yeah I'ma shill but fuck it
Yes I bought NOK, Cause I can't really afford much GME, but I have some GME too. Yeah, I'm scared. BUT NOW, IM NOT SELLING A GODDAMN THING. IDGAF about money, you have PISSED ME OFF. I love my country, but more importantly I love it's people. You want to talk about wage differences? The little man getting stepped on? THIS IS IT. this is the clearest example that the rich will do ANYTHING, to make sure you never get to their level. To make sure that you never make it, and that they will take your money and run. FUCK YOU MELVIN. FUCK YOU CITRIX. FUCK THE HEDGE FUNDS. I CHOSE THIS HILL AND I FUCKING DIE ON IT. YOU TAKE AWAY MY BUY BUTTON?! TAKE MY SELL BUTTON TOO YOU FUCKS.
hey yall what is your opinion regarding market volatility and price action movement when a stock is frozen from being traded?
so now that AMC is frozen, and only can be sold, does the stock just hold at 13-15 range forever until the hold gets released? granted it would be stupid to sell during this time. companies would love for you to sell, allowing some return to normalcy. i think its a privilege to have been given the opportunity to lock in 237 shares at   when people are trying to break down the door for just a little taste of that good old sweet honey!
I’M DOING MY PART. GREETINGS FROM TURKEY. TO THE
FILE CLASS ACTION AGAINST ROBINHOOD
Screw you robinhood. Change your name you assholes. Stop licking Goldmans ball sacks.
SCREW ROBINHOOD!!!BLOW UP THE PHONE LINES AT FINRA AND THE SEC UNTIL THEY DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS!!
Let’s go retards!! After you file complaints online blow up their phones!!! This cannot stand!’ FIGHT!!!       TO THE MOON I AINT GOING NOWHERE!!      🙏
Unable to trade in Canada
Private traders in Canada are unable to trade through banks today.
GME and BB not showing up in search bar on RH
Hello my Fellow Stock Chads
My good men, the evil beast that is Robin Hood has tried to censor us. What they do not know is that autism cannot be stopped. If they wont let us buy GME we will buy SNDL. SNDL 2 the Moon fellas. DO NOT LET THEM STOP US
#AAL Buy the dip! Buy the dip!
MARKET MANIPULATION AT ITS FINEST. They fuck over Robinhood user and now it won’t even let me log in to TD Ameritrade. This is illegal. They have to get sued
To the moon nok and BB!
Let's push nok and BB guys!!
Should we get out of Robinhood after this BULLshit??? What platform should we use??
This RH scandal hiding $GME $AMC and others has shown me who’s side RH is really on. Thoughts on this and where we should go. Currently holding $AMC in RH.
Made this due to the recent things with GME. Keep the stock high.
Hypocritical Robinhood
This is my first post on all of Reddit but that’s how pissed off I am. How the fuck are you gonna name your app after a symbol of stealing from the rich to give to the poor and then stop people from affording rent, paying student loans, and trying to survive financially during a pandemic? “Democratizing finance for all” my ass. Fuck you Robinhood. Don’t preach about being there for the little guy just to turn on us as soon as it benefits you. Hold the line.
Sndl is closed off too now
SUNDIAL! HOLD THE LINE!! THIS WEEKEND, WE'RE GOING TO THE MOON!
BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY
Nice!
SNL
Robinhood took it down, just hold and wait!
Historical event in a meme
BUY DOGECOIN
LETS GET IT TO $1!
Burn Robinhood to the ground
Are there any other stock apps that are allowing users to buy GME or AMC?  Asking for fellow retards!  We need to be able to buy to get  🌕   🏻
Buy SNDL
SNDL
Playing my tiny role. It has never been more obvious that suits don’t want you to make money. So im fuckin HOLDING! Moon or Bust!
New Index to Trade $GME:
WSB-0326 tracks the price of $NOK, $BB, $AMC, $GME, $SLV, $DOGE, and $FTT, using a weighed average of their prices  You can trade it here:    and if you are from US, here you can trade cryptos:     Processing img hlo2olw083e61...
NAKD bacK on Robinhood
ORDER FOR NAKD just went through on Robinhood!!!
SDNL is also now not supported on RH. Every stock that gets mentioned here is being manipulated.
My broker app is trying to screw me.
I’m not gonna say which one it is but I will say it isn’t Robinhood. I logged in right before the markets opened to watch the price and buy early. Bought a nice heep of AMC and clicked over to GME  with the intent to purchase. When I confirmed the purchase of the two I could afford it wouldn’t let me put in my password the signed me out and now I haven’t been able to sign back in for thirty minutes now.
420,69   WE FUCKING DID IT RETARDS
still worth buying
GME still worth my money at $425?
Can’t buy GameStop, Nokia, AMC...
Then blow up $Doge. Pick and choose one which we take to the stars ⭐️
buy sundial growers
sundial growers
WHAT APP TO BUY GME!!!
What app can I use, RobinHood fucked me over
It was going up before your sell orders!!
So $GME started to go down after it hit $420!? WHAT A COINCIDENCE!!
$ZOM
Apparently this company cares about animals. I like dogs.
Admittance:    Next stop: Pluto
GME just went through after I emailed Robinhood
I don’t know if it was because of my email or if everyone’s went through.
how to buy GME now that it is delisted
Are there good alternatives I should look into as a Canadian I want to be part of the meme army  This is not financial advice, fuck wall street
This market manipulation should not STAND!!!!! CALL YOUR CONGRESSMEN AND MAKE A COMPLAINT! fuck robinhood and fuck the hedgefunds.
I Just called my congressional DC office and talked to my congressman. MAKE SURE THEY HEAR US !
Hey Melvin, CNBC asshats, other random gay bears, listen up cuz I have an offer for you.
I know you fucking assholes are hurting for cash right now, so if you post pics of your loss porn over a million dollars I'll send you a $1000 via venmo or check.  Offers on the table and only good until Friday.      Oh and Fuck you CNBC.
HOLD IT WE ARE TAKING OVER
Interested in building an App to topple Robinhood
Hey tbh I don't really know much about shares/stocks but I am a software dev without much to really do rn. I noticed today that the Robinhood app has been stopping people from buying GME stocks so I'm interested in building an app to counter that. I just need some sort of validation that yall are really willing to use an alternate app so that I dont start building an app no one would end up using. I'd like to also hear your opinions.
LIMIT SELLS SET TO $10,000   (I like this stock)
I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this   like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this   like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this   like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this   like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock. I like this stock.
Ally Invest Platform Day 2 (BS)
Oh boy, 10am, time for another short attack
Do not let these dips scare you. Notice how they all happen at even times? The last one happened exactly at 9am EST. Its a scare tactic.    brothers and sisters, see you in valhalla
NOK GME AMC BB - eat the rich. I like these stocks. #vivalarevolution #YoubetAgainstOurEconomy #WeBetAgainstYou
Explain pls whats happening
Can someone explain wtf has happend? I see memes everywhere did u guys gained a lot of money or something?
REVIEW BOMB ROBINHOOD
HOW DARE THEY DO THIS HOW IS THIS NOT ILLEGAL
Only able to buy GME not sell. TradeRepublik is on our side now!
Where can I trade GME? AMC? Now that Robinhood and others have been shut down?
Any apps that support this still?
I’m tired of your bullshit costing me money! Time to move to a real brokerage.
DO NOT SELL $AMC OR $NOK TO GET IN $GME
Guys, we are all on the same page here. If you are holding AMC or NOK, and you are selling them to pump GME, it is not helping! WE NEED TO GET THEM ALL!!! HOLD!!!
DOGECOIN
TO THE MOON
EVERYONE GIVE ROBINHOOD 1 STAR
DONT LET ROBINHOOD CONTINUE TO TAKE OUR STOCKS OFF THE MARKET. EVERYONE GIVE THEM A ONE STAR SO THEY REALIZE THAT THEY ARE DESTROYING THEMSELVES DO NOT GIVE IN AND DO NOT LET UP LETS FIGHT BACK TO THESE    GODSPEED GENTLEMEN
Hold the line DODGECOIN
They cant stop us!
GME did a nice
I DONT KNOW A THING ABOUT STOCKS BUT IM OPENING A ACCOUNT AND PUTTING A 1,000 DOLLARS IN WHAT AM I BUYING FELLAS
GME can be bought on Fidelity!!! Hold the line!!!!    🌕 Are you with us?
Don't be fooled by MOTLEY FOOL you fools
$.05 from glory. Let’s pretend last number is 9 pls $GME
FLOOD AGEN!!!!!!
AGEN
Is anyone else’s webull not loading anything? I think their servers might not be used to the amount of ppl but mine is pretty much useless rn. Its a real shame too because I really wanted to buy nokia i think they r a super cool phone company 😃
This is crap. Im down because of these assholes
LETS GO WE DID IT BOYS NOW WE HOLD TILL 10,000 TILL THE MOON
E-Trade is allowing G-ME
WIRE IN MONEY TO E-TRADE AND HOLD THE LINE!!!
Good omen. Hold!
All these sites down... what does this legally entail?
GME hits $  Fuck Robinhood. Also HOLD!!
RYCEY     I REALLY LIKE THIS STOCK
MOVE TO FIDELITY!!
Can still buy GME NOK BB AMC on Fidelity! Don't let them win!     🌕
Help me help you
As someone who doesn’t know what to do right now because I got on board late, what’s do I buy now?
GME and Doge
Contact your representatives in Congress and file an SEC complaint. Institutions committed financial crimes using naked shorts and now Citadel LLC has violated their neutral role as an MM. This is unacceptable.
senate:    congress:    SEC:
THIS WAS THREE DAYS AGO. THEY WANT US TO SELL SO BAD. DON'T SELL KEEP THOSE HANDS DIAMOND
Hold you bastards!!!!
HOLD $SNDL DO NOT SELL !!!!
DONT YOU DARE SELL
Robinhood’s mission statement
EToro is working for anyone having trouble
Etoro is working currently
Buy BB, GME
From 🇮🇳  Everyone who can from anywhere in the 🌍 should buy BB, GME, NOK and others!! We need to win this!   #BB #GME
Fidelity wont let me buy/sell fractional GME stocks?
Was able to buy fractional stock for it yesterday but now it wont let me. Any info?
RH not supporting GME
I checked into my Robinhood this morning and look at GameStop, Robinhood is no longer supporting this stock. What kind of b        is that. So am I autistic brothers and sisters that have stock through Robinhood what's happening do you guys still have your shares and options
AAL, CCL, SNAP, FORD
I say we start getting in on some new ones to say an extra big fuck you to the platforms and hedges. I suggest AAL, CCL, SNAP and a few others. Thoughts or suggestions?
Anyone got help to buy in AUSTRALIA?
Please this shit is fucking ridiculous.
They changed their sign up page too 🤔
DONT SALE GUYS WE NEED TO BE STRONG
Save AMC y’all it’s tanking real hard
HOOOOOLD/BUY BB
BBBBBBBBB
GME HIT $  WE DID IT. KEEP HOLDING
Stock together we have them by the balls!!
GME, BB, KOSS, BBBY, CTRM
There is 40,000,000 short positions that must be covered
this is only the beginning do not paper hand
Robinhood ceo ...... feel free to express your opinion . $sndl has also been blocked from trading
I bought one of these GME stocks. It's just one but its hecking ch0nky
Actual footage of today's market from the ISS
This might be the best outcome for retail investors on the whole
It’s no secret that short interest on $GME has remained high as it has been rocketing up. This is because, I believe, shorts have been banking on retail investors cannibalizing each other at the top end and triggering panic selling where all gains for one retail seller come at the expense of another.   But if retail can’t buy anymore, then retail also can’t sell to retail. So now volume plummets and the days to cover spikes up. So the doors are locked and the longs and shorts have to negotiate an exit for both parties. I think the longs theoretically have the upper hand now. The shorts are facing pressure to close and they can’t count on retail sabotaging themselves while the only pressure to close on longs is the threat of missing the absolute peak. I think a big squeeze is still on the table in this scenario, but it really comes down to how much pressure the shorts really feel and how willing to hold out the longs are. It’s also possible that we won’t see a big squeeze, but a more orderly filing out as the longs agree to take profits and keep the bubble peak relatively low.   This is uncharted territory, boys, good luck if you’re still in!  Positins: I’m out
HOLD U BITCHES, I JUMPED ON THIS TRAIN FOR YA'LL KEEP IT GOING CHOOCHOO MOTHERFUCKERS
Now Webull is preventing me from commenting
I’m trying to comment to people afraid of the dip and it isn’t allowing me cause Webull wants them to sell isn’t this illegal in some way cause it’s censoring me
DEAR ROBINHOOD, WE LIKE THE STOCK, LET US BUY THE STOCK. 👨‍ 👨‍ 👨‍
what if we all just used cashapp for amc/nok/bb?
COULD THIS BE THE SQUEEZE???
Maybe I’m crazy but could this Robinhood shutdown be in place so Melvin and Co can buy back shares as fast as possible without retail investors slowing the cue?
Wealth simple is doing the same thing as robinhood. It won’t let me buy majestic silver. All I can do is sell. This is market manipulation.
Fuck RH
Wow, I sold GME when It reached for the 400's on RH they just filled my order to sell and gave me 289 smh im done with RH for good
We have to keep pushing AMC to 20$
Are we going BB?
BB? AMC? BOTH?    i want to eat the rich
So close yet so far.
Can't even buy Dogecoin... SMH robinhood turned to the dark side of the force.
What’s u ok with cannabis
So as the cannabis world is beginning to really explode nation wide and likely going to have federal support, I would bet companies in this industry will have massive growth and profits. Currently thc products are not able to cross state lines. That means if a company wants to sell product to let’s say Colorado and Illinois, they would have to have a manufacturing plant in both locations. Now if federally it becomes legal, companies can have less overhead not requiring multiple manufacturing plants doing the same thing. I think company #mjna is really ready for a take off again. It’s trading at 3 cents right now and at peak was a multi billion dollar company. I’m eager to watch where this industry grows. Get it... Grows.  Til next time.
SNDL just locked out on robinhood
HELP A BROTHER OUT< LET ME ON THE ROCKET
GUYS I KNOW NOTHING ABOUT STOCKS, EXCEPT TO BUY LOW SELL HIGH, AND THAT AMC AND NOK ARE  LOW RIGHT NOW< SHOULD I BUY??????
Tried to buy GME on Stash App, they force log me out when I pressed “buy”   😭
40k All in on BB
If we cant hit $GME, $AMC, $BBBY, etc hit them everywhere else! Here are the most shorted stocks from these hedge funds. Go forth! Make them bleed!!!  🏻 🏽 🏿
Less volume then yesterday. No one is selling. I’m proud of each of you.
Robinhood should rebrand to Sheriff of Nottingham! What a joke...
Other stock to buy
Been trying to get in on NOK, anybody know about Zion oil, ZNOG.
Zom hit 1 dollar.
Zomedica hit 1+ again. Hope this helped
Do not sell!!!!! ROBINHOOD restriction does not mean to sell!!! HOLD HOLD!!!!
Do not sell!!!!! ROBINHOOD restriction does not mean to sell!!! HOLD  HOLD!!!!
Robinhood & Barbra Streisand
So really if you think about it Streisand effect was a guarantee when they blocked GME trades. Which anyone could have predicted.   So did robinhood tank their reputation with the full intentions of sending GME to the moon? Only Barbra Streisand would know for sure
A very pleasing number to see. Now I'm waiting for $  which might happen tomorrow!
Support AMC until 24$ you are gonna be millionaires 💵💵( upvote so everyone can see that)
Get BB back up!
Guys do not panic sell BB! Hold hold hold!!
F Robinhood   💩💩
Man I’m trying to make some money and the block the stocks I was looking at is Webull better or what a better platform for me to go to the moon
Nokia and Amc
Are NOK and AMC gonna go up??
Is Revolut safe to buy with?
Only got around $30 to buy with but it's better than nothing! it's so amazing to see all of this  do you know if I can invest through Revolut directly? I'm not signed up on any other app/website.
TDameritrade help??
I used to use this a lot and market orders were what I did and never saw expiration date before.      Can anyone explain what it means? I bought GME this morning on a day expiration. There is also MOC. What's this mean??
Next short squeeze target: FNGR
I have owned   FNGR   (a Chinese company FingerMotion that trades in the US over-the-counter markets that provides mobile phone and data services) for nearly a year, from $  to now $12 a share.  There is a massive short-seller in the stock and his position is unsustainable, considering the direction of the stock over the past few months.  Here are the details:   FNGR   has about 37m shares outstanding. Fewer than 1m shares are “in the float”, meaning able to be actively traded because they are neither closely-held nor restricted. The short-seller is a naked short seller (illegal) and has naked-sold about   shares short thus-far, which means he’s sold 260% more than the float. At the current share price, his exposure is   \  $12 = $31,000,000, which is huge exposure for a small stock and an increasingly unsustainable position for the short to maintain.    FingerMotion is a small but real and rapidly growing company that makes money and has a promising future:  \-  It has four revenue streams: top-up and mobile recharge; SMS services; Portal sales; and big-data oriented Insuretech services)    \-  It is one of only a few companies in China with access to wholesale rechargeable minutes from China's largest mobile phone providers that can be resold to consumers  \-  It does business with the top-3 ecommerce portals in China: Alibaba,  , and PinDuoDuo  \-  It recently launched Sapientus, which offers big data services and just signed a partnership with Pacific Life Re to develop a risk rating tool (     Listen to CEO Martin Shen here speak last Oct:    Because of the consistently positive news releases over the past six months, longs have been flocking to this stock, bringing it up from $  (when I started buying in) to $11-12 nowadays.  As more longs read about this company and buy, the short seller – or their broker -- will eventually have to close out / buy back their position of   shares – and again, with a float of less than 1m shares, that will send this thing far beyond its current level.
We are the hedge fund now

Citadel, which bailed out Melvin, is also invested in Robinhood, which banned buying but not selling GME, AMC, NOK, etc. 🤔

I was able to day trade 43 times despite holding less than 25k
Using Robinhood. I lost a lot of money overnight. Would it be possible to get get money back from Robinhood at all? Do I need to contact FINRA or is this something that's in control of the broker and they can do whatever?
Buy AMC everyone ! Switch broker if you cant buy it using robinhood . Start a revolution NOW
How to find AMC on robinhood?
Robinhood hid all the main stocks so I can’t even buy amc. Is there a different way?! This is so frustrating
I TRULY BELONG HERE    AND NOT EVEN TRYING
DID THE DUMB PLAYING WITH MONEY I CAN'T AFFORD TO LOSE BUT SET A STOP LIMIT CAUSE IM BIG BRAIN. WOULD HAVE ACTIVATED WITH THE SCARE DIP BUT MY DUMBASS MIXED UP THE ACTIVATE AND LIMIT PRICES SO WE STILL IN HERE BOIZ. DELETED THAT SHIT CAUSE WE NEED NO EXIT DOOR ON OUR WAY TO FUCKING SPACE NARNIA       #     #     #
Robinhood feds
Someone on the forum is selling us out , $Sndl was removed from Robin Hood way too fast
Legit robbery
What’s happening right now is legit robbery??? Wtf! Bro I’m not fucking selling, let go to zero!
WHATS HAPPENING TO GME
It dropped like $100 in the last 25 minutes, went from $479 to $369 what’s the move guys?!?!?!??
Looks like we’re getting locked out from trading one by one.
I WAS ABLE TO BUY AMC ON SNAPCHATS STOCKS FEATURE EVERYONE
RH may have taken our favorites, but we can still trade $SPCE!!!!
ALYI
AMCX better than AMC
Go amc !
How you like us now, commie?
they’re so threatened by my   shares that they cut me off THEY CANT CONTAIN MY POWER
You boys best come back for us Brits over the pond with AMC shares
AMC    $20+ lets do it
They dont want you to have a bigger pool than kanye
ALWAYS BUY AT THE PEAK  ROCKET

$BB WORTH A BUY IMO
I have work tomorrow, I Alr own 10 shares of BB, once I get my paycheck I think you all know where it’s going!
Leave Robinhood
They keep this up with blocking stocks and I say everyone find another app.
Trying to learn how to invest.
Well I'm pretty new to the stock market (I am 29 years old) but I believe I have good understanding of the main concept since I grew up playing Runescape and making gp from flipping items. (still do lol)  My question is: What is a good app/website to try to put my money into and start investing? Can someone link me to a video as well? Thanks!
TURN OFF CNBC AND OTHER TALKING HEADS
THEY ARENT ON OUR SIDE AND WANT US TO FAIL. EVERYTHING YOU NEED IS RIGHT HERE AND THE CONSENSUS IS..... HOLD. LAST I HEARD THE SHORTS HAVE NOT EVEN STARTED TO COVER. SO HOLD.
I'm new to investing and with $GME and $AMC being suspended to buy, which stocks are worth investing in now for good gains?
Just bought 68 NOK at   for $366 - Let's make it the next GME for poor bros, BUY and HODL
Bri-ish degen here, 212 has suspended trading.
TO BATTLE!!
It's not quite as exciting as you hoped when everything starts up but it's so clogged with activity that your trade won't go through.
Such life
Title
My fellow retards: BB is not restricted so   the Moooon
Stash is down, they’ve stopped all trading on the app under the guise of bugs, but it’s to stop trading of GME.
Boycott Robinhood
Robinhood is being a slave to the whales and manipulating the market against retail traders. This is suppose to be the redistribution of wealth.
Together to the moon
BB, Gold and Silver to the moon?
Robinhood sold my blackberry shares?
This is actually unacceptable. As soon as I finish setting up an account on another site, it's all going into gme. I'm actually fuming
$BB For the poor retards like me!!
ITS $GME and $BB  IF YOU GOT MONEY, BUY $GME  IF YOU BROKE LIKE ME, BUY $BB  BOTH TO THE FUCKING ALIEN HOMELAND. THEN WE GET THEM TO BUY BUY BUY AND SEND US TO THE NEXT DIMENSION!    👽
Papa Elon taking us to the moon 2000 is not a meme baby 🤝
PEI to the moon
Hey y’all so PEI is going for cheap rn in terms of calls. Analysts are projecting a 10 price target once it starts constructing its projects.   Get in on this or blow it up Bc it’s about to
Honest work
If your position is red, put down your phone! Do not close!
TO THE MOON!!!
Orders went through on M1!!!! LET’S GOOOOO!!!! APES TOGETHER STRONG
Robinhood: The Game
So Robinhood really nerfing shit huh?
What about UCO?
Was thinking of buying stock for UCO? Think it will go back up?
STAY POSITIVE AND BUY & HOLD GME - this is one of the most crucial things now!
We gotta push guys! stay positive and hold that stonk to the moon
AMCX!! To EVERYONE who is looking to join, AMCX is still on all platforms. Let’s flood it NOW
Looking at the GME price and news today
What others see     What I see        Be gentle I'm new to WSB but not trading or Reddit.
STOP SELLING NOK AND AMC YOU JACKASSES IF YALL HOLD STRONG ITLL BE AS BIG AS GME JUST GOTTA HOLDDDDDDDDDDDDD I WANT MY DAMN FERRARI
Taking an L but  🤚 for DAYS LETS GO   🙏🙏
LOCKHEED MARTIN
IT'S TIME TO INVEST IN LOCKHEED MARTIN, IT LOOKS EXTREAMLY UNDERVALUED
We are holding them
Buy AMC Nokia GME and BB
UPVOTE SO EVERYONE SEES MORE SUPPORT
SLV boys
This is highly shorted and undervalued... Lets get back to   goooooop     we aint fucking sellinggggg
Today short seller Institutional Investors are trying really hard to BUY shares to cover their ASS for AMC! Let’s boot it higher and give them no chance before reaching 200!!! See big inflow are 26%, same as small outflow you idiots! Don’t sell!
Robinhood down to a   rating on play store. Keep making it plummet. Let's get it to the 3s!
Upvote so everyone knows, SLV is now the word. Our visionary u/THEHAPPYHAWAIIAN said so.
Good luck comrades.
Silly question
Good morning!   New to the sun and stocks in general. My co-worker was explaining the GameStop stock to me yesterday, so I wanted to see what it’s all about. Could this in theory be done with any stock? I think I sort of understand the theory of the   of.
SNDL LETS DROVE THIS UP TODAY TARGET $3. ——keep buying
TRADING ON SOFI WILL LET YOU BUY $GME $NOK $AMC $SNDL 🔥USE LINK TO SIGN UP SO WE GET REFERRAL BONUS YOU CAN HAVE AN ACCOUNT IN LESS THAN 10 MIN

One star robinhood on AppStore
Please review the shit robinhood app on the AppStore. They destroy us we destroy them
New to this
I’m just kinda getting into stocks I’ve had a good amount for a few year but never really researched or anything and only bought company’s I thought where cool but I wanna make bank
Had to capture the moment
Don’t let them win! FUCK THEM ! SNDL     !!! LETS MAKE THIS BANKKKKKKKK DEGENERATES
US DODGING WALL STREET
NOW IS THE TIME. UPVOTE NOW
Robinhood thinks they have us on our heels. They think locking stocks will stop us. NO.   Let's hit them where it hurts BUY BBW, not only because of the meme name but because of their same situation with the SUITS. LETS GO!
NOK (KEEP STRONG BROTHERS AND SISTERS, TO THE MOON)
BUY OCGN!!!! TOO THE MOON!!!
Buy SNDL let’s get it
This what is happening with GME is a history writing. And all of Us, no matter how many U have there, 10 dollars or 10k play an important part of this story. GME
Nok nok nok
Let’s moon this too 100$
ELON HATES HYDROGEN!!!!!! 🔌 ❓
❓❓❓WHY IS PLUG GOING UP ❓❓❓  POST THOUGHTS⁉️NEED TO KNOW!🤨
Cash App working to buy AMC!
Lets Get a Class Action going against the brokers! (Like Robinhood)
Robinhood can't stop you. Simply don't sell and there is nothing they can do. Open a new account with a different broker and buy more tomorrow. Just let your robinhood shares sit there. Someone should definitley start a conversation with a finance lawyer and tell them WSB is ready to   make robinhood pay too.  A lawyer will take it. We can gofundme a page to pay for the lawyer. I would guarentee if we got a nice letter from a strong law firm out to robinhood their butthole would tighten and they would stop their play with the hedge funds.  The hedge funds may be less people with a fuck ton of money. But there is strength in numbers and at this point they are barking up the wrong tree. They want to play dirty? Lets play dirty.  Anyway a mod or someone with a little cred on here can start a go fund me for say 15k and we get a law firm on this BS ASAP.
Getting margin called, but still.holdong GME
Robinhood IPO is dead in the water
After this shit show people are going to leave Robinhood in droves. They claimed to be the brokerage for the people but it was all a lie. If you have Robinhood do yourself a favor and find a new brokerage and transfer your portfolio out of it.
GME AND AMC BLOCKED IN EU
Guys dont let them scare us, in europe there is no way to buy amc and gme, so they pretty won the battle here, but if we go all BB we can beat them again! Till markets open again and we can srsly win the war
WE LIKE THE STOCK

Anyone have thoughts on GE? Seems to be coming back from near death.
Hold till  , dont back down! Appreciation post for canada, south america, europe, and asia
Berries, Movies and Ringtones TO THE MOOOOOOOOOON
let goooooooo
Two front war?
Hear me out, I don’t know very much about the stock market, but, is there a way we can take on wall street and hurt fossil fuel companies? Give “Green Revolution” a new meaning haha
AMC to the moon!! Use TDAmeritrade with a browser.
@Robinhood this you?
ABLE TO BUY $GME ON THINKORSWIM AS OF 30 mins ago
title, fellow autists
You'd be dumb not to buy AMC right now
Just look at it.
Webull app is still working. IDK if that will help anyone or not.
Joining the fray with 47k GME
WE'RE GETTING ATTENTION FROM MORE POLITICIANS KEEP THE POSTING GOING BOYS
GUYS TIME TO PUSH NOK NOW. TO THE FUCKING MOON
Let’s push $SLV higher and see if they can prevent trading on Robinhood and others platforms 😬🤑
D!
D to the O to the G to the EEEEEEEE!!
AMC STICK IT
DONT BE DISCORUAGED BY THE DROP MY FELLOW SOLDIERS HOLD BOYS ALL THE SKUM BAG FUCKING FAGS IN SUITS WILL NOT TAKE AWAY OUR PRIDE AND OUR HOPE BUY BUY BUY!!!!
BUY BUY BUY & HOLD
Don’t sell anything you apes, NoK, BB, GME, AMC!!!
To the moon! NOK
I'm not fucking selling.
I don't even care about the money anymore.... it's the principal. For years we've been told "lift your self by the boot straps." But now? Whoa whoa wait a minute - > I didn't mean you could actually make money.
Don’t drop em $GME $NOK $AMC add $LNVGF
Targets $GME 1000$ $NOK 150$ $AMC 300$ $LNVGF 50$ Don’t sleep guys
I got locked out
I was too late and I tried to buy $GME but Robinhood locked me out and I don't have time to set anything else up, I'm a college student.     Fuck     And worse yet I have $100 in $AMC and $BB each but I feel like that won't end well. Any suggestions for managing to put down my remaining cash on $GME anyway? Chase locked me out and I'm stuck in America so
Didn't get in on GME, holding BB and NOK
Stay strong autists! I'm not blasting off with you now but I'll be holding, eating my losses, and waiting for when you guys move on to the next stonks.
$AAL

NOK avaible in Germany🎉
TradeRepublic allows NOK after 8 hours again!!! To the moon!
ZOM
Invest in ZOM before they close it off it rose .20 today it’s around $
Question from a noob
I've never invested before, but I've been hearing rumors that a company called Melvin are looking a bit ropey. How can I safely bet on them failing?   Please note I'm not actually going to invest so no answers given here will be taken as financial advice, this is simply because I am interested to learn more about the stock market.
BUY GME    HOLD GME
1K IS NOT A MEME, LETS GET THESE BASTARDS
I LIKE THE STOCK! I’M NOT FUCKING SELLING! $AMC
$BB $SNDL $AMC needs more    on deck (say it like a NZer)
We Got this Degens!! Keep it going to the fking moon
Use either TD AMERITRADE, Fidelity or Charles Schwab
Don’t let them win, let’s beat the short sellers at their own game!!
Time to polish these
If I can’t buy I’ll just hold
Dogecoin is the new GME and AMC. Hold in crypto so they can't stop our buying.
Let's move it all to dogecoin. They can't stop us from buying crypto !!!
GME -   🎢
🎢
For those late to the game(or just got paid),help us? please
What apps still offer GME and AMC? If any?
Buyyy AMC!!!!!
It’s going to moon today!!!
I would like NOK and AMC to stop falling lmao
Thoughts on ETFs with high allocations of GME as less volatile alternative to directly trading GME?
ETFs like GAMR and XRT are rising as a result of GME mooning over the past week and are not subject to the recent broker restrictions on buying GME.  What is the downside of taking lower gains on ETFs with high allocations of GME, but with a lower floor for losses if GME tumbles?  Obviously GME is currently rising a lot faster than related ETFs diluted with non-GME retail and gaming stocks.
Can we file a class action against robinhood?
Trading GME, NOK and SNDL on Merrilledge!
I had an old Merrilledge account and trading is slow on there but looks like everything works takes a while to settle but just bought SNDL, NOK and GME!!
Bye bye Robin Hood. 400 shares GME in other accounts.
BUY BLACKBERRY
GAMERS THEY ARE TRYING TO DOWNGRADE OUR STOCKS THIS IS DOGSHOIT BUY BLACKBERRY AND AMC SO IT WILL BE ON THE LEVEL OF GME WE CANT LET WALL STREET NERDS FUCK US IN THE ASS
I missed the boat on GME, but I’m so happy for all you retards. Time to start the next movement. As more retail sees GME they are going to want in on the action to fuck these hedge funds over. It’s time for NOK to shine. Just dumped in 20k let’s go to the moon!!!!
AMC and NOK
Hold on the others!! Can’t stop with just GME
Let's talk RH alternatives that are RIGHT NOW working just fine
Reports say TD, Schwab, Fidelity, ETrade are all down and struggling under the load.  What apps/firms are working right now? If they are doing ok now - in unprecedented times - it's gotta be a solid choice for the after times.  Duck RH
$BB DOWN BUT I'M NOT SELLING. $BB TO THE MOON
Baozun to the moon 📈📈📈
I'm a medical student, the type of disease that I see in the financial market of the   can only be cured by a FUCKING YOLO TO ANDROMEDA
FUCK WALLSTREET - IM HOLDING
Proud of you, GME gang! Got out a couple days ago like a     bitch! I’m in BB with nothing but   ! BB and GME let that   fly!!!!!
Please help us on NAKD !
gogogo :)
More of: "Rules for thee but not for me"; from the MAN!
Say what you will but there is a clear lack of market fairness here restricting individual investor access to the Market is unheard of to me.  I admit I haven't been doing day trading long, I have only kept long term positions in retirement accounts up to a week ago until convinced to start an account by colleagues.  In a week I went from being thrilled with the ability to rapidly acquire securities to being horrified at how the very platforms that claim to be empowering the average person to buy and sell stock can in an instant decide to eliminate my ability to take new positions as I decide.  This is clearly "picking winners" in the extreme and exhibits a communist level of market manipulation.  I have lodged a protest with my broker and I suggest you do the same if you are similarly dissatisfied and disgusted with their lack of honor and character.
Robinhood cancelled hundreds of dollars of trades BURN THIS SHIT DOWN
Moving to TD and doubling tripling down and fucking HOLDING to the            reporting those cucks to the SEC and bringing a plague down on their dickless houses Righteous fucking fury will shake wallstreet down  HOLD you beautiful autists
Another short attack
You can see that they short more shares, because other stocks like the German Varta Ag is rasing. The take their money out there and put it into gme...
BUY D O G E NOW!!!!!!
"They are trying to bury us, but they don't know we are the seed" HOLD
I LIKE THIS STOCK
You did this to yourself.
DOING MY PART
We just need to reorganise ourselves by operating on multiple platforms. The street and their enablers aren't gonna shut us down! To the MOON     NOK GME NAKD EXPR BB
Fidelity
TO THE MOON!!! Just bought 3 shares GME on Fidelity. Let’s go!!! HOLDDD. fuck robinhood
GTC orders canceled on Ally
Check your brokerage app... Ally showed this message on login:   `GTC orders placed before market close on January 27, 2021, have been canceled`
Fishy Business Practice @robinhood Here is my sell order that they cashed out without my authorization
Robinhood needs a 1 star rating
Since they’re pulling this fuckery, all we can do is keep holding whatever you have and give them a good ole 1 star on your app store. We can fuck with their image and make people see how shitty of an app it is. All of us together
I'm a part of the cause now after lurking for years.
I like this stock.
Buy some doge
Haha
Found a hidden gem, GBR swing play for 2X profit.
What happened to AMC?
Cmon boys HOLD!!! Now is a perfect time to buy the dip on NOK and AMC and HOLD TILL 1K!!         we got this boys      BUY AND HOLD      NOK      AMC      GME       WE LIKE STONK              TO FUCKING JUPITER WOLFS WE GOT THIS
JCPenny - CPPRQ - Fuddy duddy store memes?
Going all in in the meme stonks. Don’t leave me behind with NOK and BB
Is there a chance Robinhood will let you buy GameStop ever again?
AAL is the next short squeeze retards
Take AAL to the fucking moon! Fuck these hating ass nigglets
SNDL fly to the moon
My man let today #SNDL fly to the moon
I FUCKING DID IT!
Mining short Squeeze to the moon
Endeavour Mining most underrated mining stonk. This is just my opinion not an advice :D
CASH APP TRADES NOK AND AMC BABYY
EVERYONE GOT CASHAPP
You magnificent fucks! They're doing everything to scare and suppress us because they know they can't hold on to their power forever. STAY STRONG!
Buy at the top ain’t gon stop let’s see where this goes
AMC DOWN ALMOST 35% I bought me some shares
And buy buy buy, wait till dip, then buy $bb. Also fuck Robinhood 👎👎👁👄👁
We need to hold these brokerages accountable. This is ridiculous
Transferring my account from Robinhood. Is there a preferred brokerage institution?
I wasn’t planning on buying until this became an issue larger than $$ itself - GME
GME    !
RH keeps digging itself a bigger hole!!
IN DODGECOIN WE TRUST!!! COME ON PEOPLE, LET’S DO THIS AND BE PART OF HISTORY!
Where can I see who and how much they shorting?
Any lead appreciates.
PRTY time?
Buy doge
Buy Dogecoin
Having issues buying GME shares on IBKR interactive broker. I thought this was only limited to Robinhood!!
Every time I try to buy a share I get a message, transaction in this instrument are limited to closing-only trades..... Anyone else having this issue? Any work around it?
Um cancelled RH stock orders?
Those wonderful people at Robinhood just put my money back in my account and cancelled both the AMC and GME I bought hours ago without a word. I'm pissed.
$BB dips. We buy the dips!
It your opportunity ladle some $Bb from the dips
TIME TO CANCEL THIS APP COMPLETELY, EVERY NEWBIE NEEDS TO RATE THIS APP AS ONE STAR ON APP STORE OR EVEN SWITCH TO OTHER BROKERAGE. IF OUR MONEY ARE GOING DOWN THEIR HEDGE FUND BACKED APP IS GOING DOWN WITH US
Lets get naked
Schwab, TD and Robinhood. All blocking you out of the market for "your safety"
hi ice can u shout out my yt page im starting and your fans go crazy to sub and troll thx

OPK & UAVS
UAVS could be a great investment. They are a drone company in the US and a possible acquisition target of Amazon.  OPK also looks like a good buy since the CEO keeps buying shares of the company and its biotech.
Robinhood not letting you buy additional shares in AMC,NOK
Since Robinhood is not letting everyone buy additional shares in certain stocks today I kept my eyes on some stocks with great potential let’s send XBIO,EARS,JAGX to the moon  Previously all 3 of those were once thousands of dollars let’s blow them back up commmee onnn they can’t stop us LETS GOOO
Buy NOK   buy NOK   buy some more NOK   dont forget about NOK. Too much selling happening
Fuck it Send Robinhood to the moon
DONT FORGET AMC
COME ON WE NEED A GOOD AMC PUSH
K
DDD hard to borrow and an easy short squeeze?
So what do I move to from robinhood?
Who's next up for commission free trading ?? Going to move from robinhood after trying to stop us!
BUY THE DIP NOW! DONT SELL!
Guys please all what they want is to fear us out and get the control back!
I just made a brokerage account on chase and could buy GME
I got up this morning expecting to buy GME on robbinfrau- i mean hood and was blocked. Made an account on Fraudelity- i mean Fidelity and it wouldnt let me transfer funds. FINALLY i made a brokerage account on CHASE and was able to fun and buy GME quickly.     DIAMOND YOUR HANDS
IS CRNT THE NEXT SHORT SQUEEZE?!?
It's what war is, ya know?
Fuck it. Dogecoin to the moon. 2016 Bitcoin type surge yall in? To the fucking moon
They want me to sell $BB
I WILL HOLD LINE! Do not let’s suits defeat us.
$AMC $NOK $BB getting the same help or only $GME?
Right now, are we only helping $GME? What about $AMC $NOK and $BB? The other 3 seem to be dying.
Cciv
Buy cciv people its gonna explode!!!!!
HOLD YOUR $AMC! Do not let them win
AMC BUY!!!!
DO NOT SELL!! BUY!!!!!! DO NOT LET THEM WIN!! VALHALLA!!
GME gone along with AMC and NAKD
AMC, GME, BB - Robinhood not supporting
How is it remotely legal for RH to block buyers from trading AMC, GME and BB. It’s fucking wild.
Ford
Does Ford have a chance with their electric cars.
ROBINHOOD ALTERNATIVE?
I don't want to support this shit company anymore. What other platforms can we go over to?
👀👀 moon time ?
Robinhood: if you want to trade it, we won't allow it
Seriously what other business operates this way? A product becomes too popular, so you stop your customers from buying it??
TRIL is in.
TRIL is about to start trending big. Tell me what you think ? I see it’s in the pipe line.
Doge
Doge    Doge    Doge    Doge    Doge    Doge    Doge    Doge    Doge    Doge    Doge    Doge    Doge    Doge    Doge
“Ayo come look at this hedge fund who thought they could short gamestop 😭  ”
I'm doing my part!
Dogecoin
NAKD BUY&HOLD
Run that shit up go to pluto 📈📈📈
SNDL
CNBC, WSJ, NYT, any other piece of trash media   this
I am balls deep in positions. I could lose a fuck ton of money from this, but here’s the   DO NOT CARE. You claim to speak for the little guy, well here I am, bitch. I don’t care about this money because it’s a statement. You keep denying it, lying on tv, backing the establishment, claiming you care about us while discrediting the fact that this is the market itself moving towards a truly more democratic place.   IF I LOSE EVERYTHING IT WILL BE WORTH IT TO HAVE SEEN ONE OF THESE “MASTERS OF THE UNIVERSE” FALL.   I have seen my brothers pay to keep their dog alive, pay for their sisters Lyme’s disease treatment, pay off their student loans. Things that people should be able to do, yet haven’t been able to because we’ve been bled dry working our asses off to prop up your bullshit system. If all my money goes, but a few people can help their family in immediate need, I will feel great all the same. I feel like we have done more for the people than the government has been doing lately. This is our time, we will hold the line, WE WILL HOLD THE STONKS!                                                             🖕
The irony.
WE LIKE THE STOCK, DESPITE US NOT BEING ABLE TO BUY ANYMORE
FUCK YOU TRADING212/ROBINHOOD
They are fucking RESTRICTING our gains this will not go down with out a fight. But for now we HOLD DEGENERATES.
Robinhood should change their name to RobeTheHood
PHOTOSHOP REQUEST THREAD
Hello fellow Autists. Just bought GME. Now to HODL. In the meantime i've decided to put these    to work.  Let's play a game. Leave a comment and then DM me a photoshop request and I'll try to work my magic. Will reply to your comment with your request.   I'm just one retard but i'll try my best to get to everyone   LETS GO
Robinhood alternatives?
What can I use besides robinhood? I want to buy more shares.
$AG
Just bought AG at   Letz go!!!
All in on NAKD — cheap buy, lots of shares available
It just opened! Autists can sell but not buy so it goes down but they switch to other brokers and buy there! HOLD ON $BB
Td let me GME!
Title says it all let's go!
Seems like nobody really wants to sell their AMC.
🇫🇷 GME Starship
We got you back american brothers
Idk if I should sell amc or not
Well, I’m livid.
So for short, I had options on NOK within Robinhood. RH decided to stop purchasing within the app. No one to buy means no one to sell too. I’m down thousands because they’ve stopped trading and it’s wrong.  How come they can halt trading allow a massive sell off but won’t allow massive buying?   There are people within different apps but those are being restricted as well.  This sheet goes deeper and deeper.  Fuck these people, they have way too much control. The sad thing is, we gave it to them.
EVERYONE START A BUY AND HOLD $AMC COPYPASTA TRAIN
MARKET IS OPEN RETARDS - SEND AMC TO FUCKING PLUTO AND HOLD
ALPP, TLSS and ZOM are all low stock with good companies behind them as well. Why not send them to the moon if they are going to lock our meme stocks?
You should totally put all of your money into GE.
(Smug wojak)
What's Next???
We can't stop now, who do we save next? Hang the profiteers! Beat the Market! Crash the system! DON'T STOP!
wtf do I do
I cant buy nok, no one can. So its just hemoragging rn. This is bs. should I hold for any longer?
Fuck these brokerages blocking trades
HOLD RETARDS, ON THE REBOUND
Early PM trading (0400-0700 EST) mobile/desktop platforms?
I guess the title says it all.. Are there any good mobile/desktop platforms that allow early PM trading? I'm currently using TD TOS and TD doesn't allow anything before 0700 EST.
Robinhood's statement on twitter
Robinhood has released a statement on Twitter, posted at   7:03.     33 minutes after market open. Seems legit right?   Link for those interested:        Processing img fw97agn5b3e61...
So is AMC an investment or only GME
NAKD? SNDL? PTN?
New to all this - but loving what it’s doing to Hedgers!
Where do I get to hear at earliest - of next stock to consider buying? Got to CINEWORLD - before it rose to highest -higher than now. 😄
Can someone explain why BB, AMC, NOKIA down 30% today?
and this is something we should hold and wait too like GME?
Nice to see BBBY wake up with me this morning. Up more than 15% by 7:15 this morning.
I’m balls to the wall on BB. But my balls are BLEEDING TODAY
Really hope we pull out of this  Pos: 159 shares @ 15
Well boys we got the first target. Next target $1000. GME to the moon
Trading app alternative
Since RH is fucked beyond comprehension. Which apps are you guys switching to?
I am able to buy GME. Should I? Or should I wait for it to go down more>
RH WILL NOT LET ME PURCHASE ANYTHING AT THIS POINT AND HAS GIVEN ME A 1100 account deficit FOR REASONS UNKNOWN😳😳😳
THIS IS BEYOND WILD
NAKD
DO NOT SELL, TO THE MOON
NOK !!!! You can get it on cash app !!!
...
OGI...      🛸
It’s not just Robin Hood. I scheduled a 50$ buy on Nokia and it still hasn’t gone through. This is collusion. They are trying to stop us! HOLD THE LINE!!!
Help
Only one Man betting for Nok Nakd gme but not have more money........ Stranded helouuuuu
Wtf
FELLOW MEXICANS! BUY AND HOLD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
FELLOW MEXICANS, THERE IS NO HALT FOR GME IN THIS COUNTRY!! LET´S SUPPORT THE CAUSE, MAKE THOSE STONKS GO UP AND SQUEEZE THESE MOTHERFUCKERS!!!!!  GME IS 30% UP TODAY IN THE GBM+ PLATFORM!! HOLD!!!!!!!!!
Guys, BB’s short interest is only   and over 550M shares out there. How can it become another GME?
Merrill Edge Sold Shares and Restricted
Thought I was safe from you autists with Merrill edge but they executed a sell order and won’t allow me to continue the revolution, wtf? But I like this stock?
Fuck Robinhood. Every stock we discussed yesterday they pulled. Even airlines?How? ... We leave RH after this.
Why are they doing this?   We should not support them after this.   We pull support, they lose. They make money from us.  Not any more.   Position GME , NOK and some other dumb shit. Rolls Royce.
2 cents just happened!! LMFAO
I have tried to set a limit order multiple times and Robinhood has continuously canceled my request with NO explanation as to why.
"the Freer the markets the freer the people" until the people are finally free   fuck robin hood, fuck trading 212
DONT GIVE IN THEY ARE TRYING TO SCARE YOU
Have these tards heard of the Streisand effect? Quit the cheap fear tactics, YOU CANT BEAT THE INTERNET. GME TO THE MOON
What are we buying now?🙃
Only got a hold of a few NOK and NAKD and will hold until we can go up again
American Airlines??
For all of us little guys.
This will probably get lost in all the Hullabaloo going on this morning but I just wanted to share my thoughts that mean nothing to most of ya. I was a lurker watching DFV option climb from about the 2 million mark to the about 50 million last night. Didn’t get on board till later. Got about   k in GME (and will HOLD). But I was reading the comments and seeing all these inspiring stories over this last week on how he’s changed lives for us little people. Lots of the comments were about getting out of student debt. Getting just a little more to get a down payment on a home. Helping their parents finally retire. Paying medical bills. We start our adult lives in debt and it’s so incredibly difficult to scratch and claw our way out. Now RH is messing with all these people’s dreams just to GET EVEN financially and start from zero again. Some of these gains will change these and my lives just a little bit, some a lot. Whatever I make in gains is nothing to these guys on Wall Street. They wear watches more expensive than what I’m excited to possibly make on all this. Then they manipulate the market and try to hold us down more. Well guess what Wall Street. WE WILL HOLD!
Let’s go buy the sh t out of the market everything opened on trade republic
The German one is behind you hold the line  NOK   and BB
UNITY
So what now? Robinhood - sorry a$$ exchanges blocking buys..
This is messed up.  It says that GME is not supported on Robinhood.  All the others say you can sell but not buy...  How can they do this?  This is some BS, and what is the logical next step?    Formal complaints?  Bad reviews?  Wait it out?  How long can they realistically do this??  Please put your thoughts here.
DOGE IS ON THE MOVE BOYS , BUY CHEAP!!!!
DOGEE
The funniest shit I've seen this morning.
Lmao
One way cruise ticket to the MOON MOTHERFUCKERS!! CCL see you there
GME banned!
Robinhood etc. banned GME, which means we can't buy anymore! What's the plan now? Since we can't buy more, the hedge funds will overtake us, or?
What stock app should I get instead of Robinhood?
Seeing as it’s now fucking with everyone, which one would you guys recommend?
DIAMOND HANDS GUYS
BB, AMC, NOK,   all of them!!!!   DIAMOND HANDS GUYS
Congrats to all!
I'm here for the party! Keep pushing!  What trading app should I use????
After $GME is over profits going into $BB      HOLD!!!!
Dont listen to braindead bots, the other stocks are pump and dumps
Don’t stop!!!
Let’s hammer some small ones again. By all the VHC and WTRH you can. Let’s make this go crazy!!!
BUY and fucking HOLD BB you degenerates!
I strongly suspect BB going higher than yesterdays close. If we can do it to GME, we can to BB as well
Fidelity blocked fractional trading of GME
Joined yesterday to catch some of the wave. Logged into My fidelity account this morning to invest more only to find they have now blocked fractional trading of GME shares. Other platforms experiencing this?
🕊’s + 🐝’s =    ! ($ NAKD)
Stonks
Stonks
QUESTION
Hello fellow autists now that ROBINHOOD has shown it’s a CUCK what app will we use after the hold
GME TO THE FUCKINGGGG MOOOOONNNN
HOLD THE GODDAMN LINE! SNDL TO THE MOON
STOP SELLING RETARDS WE NEED TO BRING THIS STOCK TO 6 DOLLARS!! TO THE MOON!
BUY that BB dip!! Here we gooo!! I'm so fucking scared, this is so fun and so awful
ROBINHOOD IS RESTRICTING DOGECOIN NOW TOO WTF
TD Ameritrade works on desktop!
Inovio
To the moon! 🌕  still available on rh
CTRM
CTRM is going to be the next AMC get in now!!!!
Ben is proud
Stash is down
For over an hour, the Stash app has been unaccessable. The message says it is experiencing slow load times.
Next 👉🏻 $SNDL 🎉
Nokia dip BUY BUY BUY
Nokia dipped but looking ready to explode to beyond the moon, lets goooo
Doge to the moon     💵💵💵
HOLD YOUR POSITIONS!!!!!!!!
Ima get shat on for saying this but fuck it
Just bought NAKD after it was blocked this morning
Look at this consistent trend with all meme stocks (up, down, up). Hedge funds back at it—HOLD HEATHENS!!
New to stonks
I saw people joining this to get money to pay off bills and destroy the 1% at the same time and I'd like to get in on that, but I have no idea where to start. Advice please?  ~~I'm also new to reddit in general and have no idea how this site works~~
If for some reason your broker is gay
You don't have to be in just GME to make a difference.  The way this goes is if everyone buys the most heavily shorted stocks, those that are short will be forced to cover.  Now in order to shore up losses they most likely will have to sell off blue chips to rebalance how much cash to securities they have.  This is where the fun starts to happen.  Investors that are outside of the squeeze frenzy will start to see their blue chips falling due to funds closing out their short positions elsewhere.  These blue chip investors will then say hey, I'm going to take my profits, as the January rally has been good to me and it seems a downtrend is forming.  Then more selling happens.  This triggers more covering, squeezing, selling.  The only thing that will be left at the end are movie theaters and the power that the players have.  So long story short 😏  only seek out heavily shorted stocks because that is where the money is going and it will be.  First draft pick outside AMC and GME is..... SKT 50% short float with about a 1bil market cap.  TL:DR heavily shorted stocks > Boomer stocks and fangs
The 1% are pissed that we started printing our own stimulus checks at their expense
The regulation of these stocks should be perceived as a message.   A message to all of the people that had a couple of acorns to invest and decided to throw it all on GME because they had nothing else to lose, and saw a beacon of hope on this subreddit. The sense of community here that allowed this to happen was formed on financial freedom, something that is near impossible to achieve during a world pandemic for someone that doesn’t have fund already. Hell, people that started this pandemic with funds are still losing.  A stimulus check that doesn’t even cover one months worth of expenses is asking the BARE FUCKING MINIMUM.  The 1% has no idea how it feels to be backed into a corner. Until now. And this is how they respond. The 1% — whose wealth has grown at an amount that is equal to the amount of wealth LOST by the lower-classes — are not only giving us an insulting amount of money to live off of, but are ACTIVELY suppressing a community of people who found a WAY to PROSPERITY!  If this situation does not sway you politically, I sincerely hope that you wake the fuck up. Melvin, CNBC, Fox, if you’re reading this, I want to promise you that there is more of us than you can handle. If it isn’t this stock that leads us to wealth, its the next one. I will not be suppressed.  HOLD. THE. FUCKING. LINE.  BUY MORE GME. BUY MORE AMC. FORCE THE SHORT SQUEEZE.  Make them, at least, hurt as much as we have for the past several months. Make this hurt.  MELVIN INVESTMENTS STILL NEED TO COVER THEIR POSITION. NEXT WEEK WILL BE HUGE. SEE YOU ON THE MOON, THEN ON THE BEACH.
The mission isn't complete. We must keep pushing on! HOLDDDDDD the line and don't sell. let'sbankrupt these corrupt hedge funds
Buy PLTR!!
Robinhood Also Froze American Airlines because of SHORT SQUEEZE worry on wtf, bailing out their friends.
Doge to the moon
Basically WSB right now
Another question
So when do we sell the stocks/ shares we put in on GameStop, amc, etc.
$SNDL $GME
Money on $GME and $SNDL, lift off now!!!
New trading restrictions are extremely bullish
"In addition, long stock positions will require 100% margin and short stock positions will require 300% margin until further notice."  Source:    This means that short sellers have to put up 3x as much margin. There is going to be a massive amount of margin calls for shorts.
DEATH TO ROBIN OF LOXLEY
This is the most corrupt shit I’ve ever seen in my life.
Is WeBull Down Now Too?
"The system is busy," its says.
Take em down!
My Fellow Canadian autists! We must help our American brothers!
For years we as Canadians have been denied the use of Robin Hood. Now they try and screw our American friends by blocking $GME and letting their hedge fund buddies trade in the background while the plebs are "out of the way".   But guess what, Robin Hood? You've got 38 million frozen autists who have nothing better to do in the dark but sit at home and trade on brokerages or Canadian apps.   Now is our moment to shine! Too the moon, baby!
Sit on my faccccceeeeee
#dogecoin 🧐
News for you autismos just waking up from the footstool of your wives boyfriends bed: They halted trading on gme, amc, Bb and nok
Fuck the whole system. They didn’t like losing so they Changed the rules, if they wanna play dirty we can to.   Report TD, stash and robinhood to the sec  downvote their ratings on IOS/play store,  Somebody start a class action lawsuit  Short the shit out of robinhood during their IPO.   Also Some dumbass company just bought a bunch of gme shorts so hold you fuckers, let’s fuck their butt until they bleed.
$SNDL
$BBW Tho? (0_0,)
After GME taking off and being unaccessible for those of us late to the game, what are some other memeage stonks like BBW that we can look into?
Don't let them fool us
NAKD ALL IN !!!
Let’s go!! NAKD !!!!
Can we please make a Reddit version of Short Shorts?
Remembering Elon's short shorts for Tesla shorts, I think it'd be hilarious to make the same for GME/Reddit.
SPCE will change the world and travel destinations! Want to go to space?
They don't know what to do with us WSB Tards
Just bought 2 GME, it ain‘t much but it‘s honest work! Go Go Go
On the way to 1$
\#DOGECOIN to the moon..... use your spare time when trading platforms aren't working
GME STOCK IS AVAILABLE ON ETORO ETORO

HOLD $AMC STOCK HOLD HOLD HOLD DONT SELL!!!
TAKE IT TO THE FUCKING MOON

DONT BUY NEW SHIT BUY NOK GME AMC BB
There goes every last penny on BB😓Still holding though
DONT BUY NEW SHIT BUY NOK GME AMC BB
Cd
BUY CD Project Red!!
MARKET MANIPULATION
FUCK ROBINHOOD, what should i invest in now??
Wells Fargo ALLOWS GME buying
I was able to buy GME stock online today through my online wells fargo account.
Today inside Melvin Capital
A hedge fund manager in his Versace suit sits at his desk, wall to wall windows behind him with the NY skyline in the background. He sips his coffee but it doesn’t taste the same, things aren’t as flavorful as he starts to realize he’ll have to sell his third and fourth homes. That limited edition orange Lambo he had picked out is now a pipe dream. He starts to wonder if things will always be this way. Will he have to choose between Nepal and Vietnam for his vacation this year rather than go to both?  A sick realization enters his mind, he’s been duped at his own game, all the years of market manipulation and getting rich off peoples misery has come full circle. In the first single moment of ethical clarity in his life, he sees a giant green arrow rising with the letters GME and suddenly realizes the damage will be even worse than he imagined. No more $500 lunches, no more six figure quarterly bonuses.  The color leaves his face as he begins to consider how to cover his mortgage on his now less than adequate salary. Hurriedly he logs onto Reddit and finds the r/WSB sub. Frantically scrolling through posts he sees the cards are stacked against him for once. The people with 2 full time jobs invested their stimulus into GME to cover medical bills for their family. Young 18 year olds, already with $40k in school debt, put the money their grandma gave them for college into GME because they know that grandmas checks can’t cover the $100k they’ll need to finish their degree. All the people who survived the last financial crisis he caused are not only angry, they’re resilient.  Reality fades away entirely as he comes across u/deepfuckingvalue’s post showing that this was called over a year ago and he could have gotten in. He begins to understand he’s in for a lot of sleepless nights as he feels the pain of becoming “poor” for the first time. Flicking off his computer screen in disgust, the glare in the monitor reflects only his face.   He opens his desk drawer and begins to apply his clown makeup heavily as he prepares for one last stand against people closing the wealth gap. Tears flow down his face as the low rumble of rockets labeled GME continue to grow louder, reaching a deafening volume as 4 words he kept seeing on r/WSB are running through his head, endlessly taunting him....  TO THE FUCKING MOON!
Fellas I have $2,000 also using cash app. Should I just wait until gme is over with and attempt to hop on the next ride? Also is Cash app garbage?
DONT BUY NEW SHIT BUY NOK GME AMC BB
What’s Trading
TD Ameritrade is completely down. What apps/ brokers are trading???
HOLDING STRONG! (GME, AMC, BB, NOK) -- We’re making history! 👨🏻‍🏫
Keep going
Robinhood is blocking GME and AMC right now. My Stash app is also locked I’m not sure if the trades even went through they are being shady as fuck which means it’s working. As soon as the working man starts making a little money the elites restrict access to the market.
E TRADE?
Is the E TRADE app down for anyone else? Does the website not work either?
DONT BUY NEW SHIT BUY NOK GME AMC BB
HOLD OR BUY. NOTHING ELSE!!!!!
Buy Nokia NOK Buy Buy Buy Buy Buy Buy
Go PLUG go!!
AMC, NAKD & GMC - next stop the moon      Lets go!!
NAKD dipping, thoughts?
Autists - Please DO NOT buy GMED on Robinhood. It's up   today.
Smells like lawsuit to me
有老乡吗？
Pending status
I tried to buy NOK on cash app and it’s still pending anyone else have this
IMO gold is the best short squeeze trade on the planet symbol is gld
Enough said!
HOLD MF’s HOLD
READ THIS
Think about it: even if hedge funds have an open door just for them to trade in the next couple of days (even weeks), this is not going to help them in any way AS LONG AS WE HOLD OUR POSITIONS! Just the contrary: it will hurt them even more. Why? Because they will continue to drive prices down, making stocks even cheaper. Then, when people like us can invest again, the lower prices (created by hedge fund activity ONLY) will attract EVEN MORE NEW INVESTORS like us, skyrocketing the prices even higher. We will want to be around when that happens, right?! SO HOLD HOLD HOLD! It´s just a matter of time (longer time) before you collect your gains. That´s all.   PS: if you want to be protected, avoid contracts (calls) and go on straight up buying of stocks. This way you cannot loose more than you bought.   So especially if you are a stock trader YOU HAVE TO HOLD HOLD HOLD!   PATIENCE, NO PANIC AND HOLD HOLD HOLD!
HOLD THE FUCKING LINE!!!!! GME GME GME
SAVA - Thank Me Later
Huge move coming. I've been in since $10
LLIT they can't stop us all!
Get it to the moon and shit on Robinhood anf all these apps on the way up!
New to the game but with Robinhood doing what they’re doing by shutting down certain stocks, is there a better place to go for stocks?
Ameritrade is letting me BUY NOK. Let's Goooooo!
We need to buy SNDL !!!
Thanks for nothing scumbags. Hope you get what you’re asking for
Idk if this is helpful to anyone but I was still able to buy GME using the   app 45 mins ago
This makes a lot of sense. DOWN WITH THE BIG SUITS
Webull still allows trading of AMC ent., GME, BB, and NOK!!!! 🤑
I’d recommend all of you Robinhood users to move your money to webull. We can still make this happen!   In the mean time, I think we could bring a class action.
Dogecoin going exponential right now
Still avail on RobinHood
MNKD
MNKD
Dogecoin on robinhood
Anyone know why my buy for dogecoin in robinhood is still pending? It’s been fine all day but it says now you can’t buy it
I agree, Dave. FUCK YOU
.... but only if the suits are making money. Unbelievable
AMC  . HOLD THE LINE, MELVIN ISNT ALWAYS ON TIME
They trying to short so hard but we got the fuckin vice grips lads. SQUEEEEEEEEZE THESE MOTHER FUCKERS
DONT BUY NEW SHIT BUY NOK GME AMC BB
We are holding
HEYY WALLSTREETBETS HOW IS DODGECOIN LOOKING     📈let’s get it!!!!
ROBINHOOD BLINKED
Placed a large buy order for AMC last night. Saw the stock was on it's way up, and tbh I like the stock. On my work break just now, I check, order hadn't been filled. Now, idk if this because Robinhood has decided to break it's TOS to protect the banksters or what... so I contacted them with a politely worded letter, explaining how I was flabbergasted that RobinHood, the app "democratizing" investments, wanted to prevent me from buying a stock I saw going up in value. My order was suddenly filled. Opening a TD Ameritrade account soon. I expect Robinhood to change its TOS and allow itself to gatekeep/nerf any stock they want, essentially meaning Robinhood will no longer be a terminal to the stock market, but rather a scam video game masquerading as a terminal.
Started making a music playlist of music to add while we watch history happen. If anyone has any suggestions, I’ll add it to the playlist.
Revolut JUST NOW , FREE Market They said
Fuck Robinhood
I’m am so fucking mad that Robinhood get get away with this blatant market manipulation. As soon as the big guys at Wall Street are in trouble the whole trading for anyone thing stops. Why can’t we have are well deserved profits when Wall Street has been screwing American over for decades. We need to do something about fucking Robinhood we need to send a message some how.
NEVER SELL
If you can, BUY If you cant’t, HOLD. But, NEVER SELL!!
Hold the line.. Love isn’t always on time 📈
So I know we don’t have mob mentality and only buy stocks because we like them but can we fuck up Robinhood’s bullshit pristine eating on the AppStore. You know... because we don’t like them
Make sure to leave RH the review they deserve.
Let em know
Don't give up, Don't Ever Give Up!
NOK to the moon
You should've been using Vanguard, not RH and others.
John Bogle was taking on the big, bloated, high fees investment firms on behalf of the little guy before most of the people on this sub were born.  While all the johnny-come-lately "democratized investing" apps were bowing to the pressure, I got all of my orders in via Vanguard this morning with no problem.  No announcements of suspended purchases, no hiding the ticker.  In and out, no muss no fuss.  People overlook them because they're a large investment company themselves, but the philosophy from the founder was for us. They were offering funds to individual investors decades before it was cool.  Extra credit, Vanguard actually owns and holds GME. They WANT us to win!
Website is still showing investible
Is Webull down???
Fuck Robinhood I’m trying to sign up for webull but I’m getting a service issue message I like the fucking stock let me buy it
I’M THROWING EVERYTHING I HAVE INTO BB AND AMC LET’S MAKE SOME MAGIC
Ally Invest won't allow trading AT ALL. Funds locked until end of week.
Just got off the phone with Ally Invest as the cash fund on my buying power upped and disappeared overnight.  Rep said my funds will be available for use END OF NEXT BUSINESS DAY.  So I'm not allowed to use my  own money  at all until the   end of the week  ?!  I understand others are stopping on certain stocks, but to stop trading all together?  Absolutely disgraceful.
Making history
I’ve never posted on Reddit before and this is my first comment on this group. I have to say something. We’re making history. They will talk about this for years to come. This is important. We’re important. Gave a voice to the voiceless. Everyone has dealt with bullies before. That’s all these hedge-funds guys are. Fucking bullies. Fuck em. Fuck em all. I’m not   don’t give one fuck I’m not selling. Hold on boys
Filed complaint with the SEC go to
“The only way to win a rigged game is to stop playing”. Welcome to crypto, folks. Best start reading up.
Now is the time to give your feedback and rating for robinhood in the App Store!!!
Make sure these assholes feel it everywhere we can hit them. Preventing people from buying   that doesn’t deserve one star, I don’t know what does
JUST BOUGHT   GME @ 406 ITS NOT MUCH BUT IM DOING MY PART
How holding feels right now
Alternative comparable Robinhood trading apps?
They just canceled my order for NAKD stock shares. My blood is boiling.
why can't I trade GME all of a sudden????!
why can't I trade GME all of a sudden????! OC
Look for new ones EROS SLDB IGT
COME SAVE ME ON YOUR WAY TO MARS! Stranded soldier on the moon at $470, not a lot but as much as I was willing to risk! (Not financial advise)
FUCK ROBINHOOD
I wake up this morning trying to get that bread with my boys, and I see some bullshit about how I can’t buy certain stocks on Robinhood. This is absolutely retarded and needed to be changed. Any suggestions on new places to trade? And to Robinhood you stupid mf’s going to loose so much money from this. FUCK ROBINHOOD
Boycott robinhood use webull
GME AMC BB NOK FTW on WEBULL
Not very gamer at all
Fidelity instead of robinhood
Fidelity allowed me to purchase AMC and NOK. Do you think these stocks have lost the hype due to Robinhood?
Tried setting up a bank account to Fidelity...
It kept cancelling out, finally processed request. Going to take 4-7 days to verify before it allows me to wire money.  There's no faster place to make a brokerage account?
Nice
I can't start investing for three days and I'm afraid it will be too late by then
I want to buy stocks. I want to participate in the attack on Wall Street but I just started a trade account and have no idea what to do, let alone have enough money to purchase and hold GME shares, and my account says it will take at least 3 business days for my deposits to be approved. Can I still get in on this? I don't want to miss out, this is a huge opportunity
Dogecoin is going up on a rise today!!!!!!!
Hope my faith will bring rewards
What’s with Tanger —— SKT
Seeing some talk about a squeeze on this ...
Why you shouldn't sell even if you bought high and were to enter for new retards. Retard analysis inside!
I stumbled upon this tweet:    Which is just a simple technical analysis of the path GME is taking. Use this to set your buys at the support levels. It's all but certain GME will trade within these bounds today and tomorrow.  HOLD BOYS!  tl;dr $GME
SPCE TO THE MOON
Get in on SPCE ASAP
WE GREEN FOREVER BOIS
NOONE CAN BUY AND WE STILL SHOOTING UP, JUST WAIT UNTIL THE BOIS GET BACK ON APPS WE CAN BUY. WE WILL HIT THE MOON. WALL STREET U GOT NOTHING ON US.  420 420 420  POSITION: ALL IN
We have to destroy Robinhood on the App Store
Give them no stars.
AOC, Warren slam Wall Streeters for outrage over GameStop rally, accuse them of treating market like a 'casino'
PLUS500 TO BUY BLACKBERRY AND NOK
Download it
Missing: Have You Seen These Tendies
I placed an order for GME stock on Robinhood this morning, and before the market opened they canceled it without me knowing. However, they sent me a messaging saying that I was the one who canceled the order - which I have in a screenshot. I did not cancel - Is there anything I can do?
FUCK robinhood, if you have let’s get $NOK TO THE MOOOON
They should never stop us, don’t sell your stock & buy more if you could  Some brokers are still open
Want to buy stocks.
Is there a company I can sign up for and buy stocks today? I tried Webull but this 1-2 day account verification is killing me watching everyone buy up GME.
Fox News are calling these Casino Stocks
They’re trying to get people to think that you’re gambling your money   they hate when we team together!!!
Dear Melvin, thanks for tanking the price of GME at market open
SO I COULD AFFORD TO BUY MORE SHARES JACKASSES, HAHAHAHA BOIS WE BUY AND WE HOLD!
Cash app and amc stocks
As of right now it appears we can still buy amc stock on cash app. But gme is not available
CTRM!!!!!!
Guys I just got in today. Still in time to buy? If so what?
SILVER GAMMA SQUEEZE INCOMING!!!!!!!
Silver is probably the most shorted, (using naked-shorts) security/PM in the world   The “Crash JP Morgan, Buy Silver”   of 2010 drove the price from $15 to $50 (without Robinhood and WSB)   All of us fucking retards could probably realize a 15x with a short-squeeze right now. Lets fucking go
AAL! Don’t let up!
Guys in Germany, start write/call the Bafin, make pressure!
##  RISE AMC BACK UP  ##
\##PREVENT SHORT SELLERS FROM GAINING MILLIONS##
MASSIVE RESPECT!!!!!
NEW COMER HERE were do I sign up? lol This story already makes 2021 better than 2020, keep up the great work.
Is this the same subreddit whose manifesto a a year ago was shorting the S&P 500?
Look, I've been around here for a while. I do not participate but rather love to sit in the bleachers. And if my memory does not fail, this subreddit was hell bent, practically praying, for the American economy to fail about a year ago. Shorting SPY was pretty much the only thing that anyone talked about here.   I'm not here to point out hypocrisy because I don't care what y'all do with your money. But the narrative needs to change. All this "fuck the hedge funds" and "we're the American people / power to retail buyers" is bullshit.   The power and essence of WSB has and always will be the DEATH OF THE STATUS QUO. Don't hide behind some moral wall of superiority like you're the good guy. We're not here to be the good guys, never were. We're here to tear down the institutions and systems that are seemingly too big to touch. We briefly profited off of the failing of the American economy and today we profit off of the arrogance of elites that do the same as us. Fuck Melvin, fuck Citron, but find a new slant.
If you wore your deposit to your broker it clears same day (domestic)
Some people do not know this and think settlement is 3 days. If you wire your deposit it clears same day and is available for trading same day. Usually my deposits hit in about an hour.
Halt
Price check on isle 4
Dropping 10k on doge wooooooooo
To everyone closing RH accounts: what part of DIAMOND FUCKING HANDS don't you understand
HOLD ON SCAREDY BATS Go ahead and one star review the app but DO NOT FUCKING GET SCARED AND SELL  Mandatory emoticons
Im willing to die for gamestop
Diamond hands diamond dick diamond wallet
Don't SELL NOK. BUYYY BUYY BUYY NOK
HOW IS THIS FREE MARKET
Have to wait 3 days for bank transfer before I close robinhood, Should i invest in something until then?
see title
Write your Senator about WallStreet messing with retail investors, shutting down platforms and changing trading rules!
Write your Senators an email today about how WallStreet is trying to change the rules to save themselves and hurt retail investors trading stocks like GME!  Scroll down to find your Senator and click to their page for email contact.    For decades we have dealt with high frequency trading (60% of all trades per day is HFT) manipulating the retail investor letting Wall Street win. Now they want to stop and change the rules because they are losing? Not fair. Let your Senators know you are the voter and big Wall Street needs to be held accountable for shutting down apps on 1/27 and today as well as changing the trading rules to suit their needs when they start to lose money.
BOYCOTT ROBINHOOD, WHATS ANOTHER STOCK APP TO USE
Robinhood chose it’s fate today when they decided they didn’t want ordinary people making money and is probably gonna be in a lawsuit after they stopped the trading on all of the stocks today
Just woke up to my stock purchased cancelled, locked out of buying, and my money ain't even back in my account..
DONT BUY NEW SHIT BUY NOK GME AMC BB
GME- don't know if the Revolut app is in the US but Europeans GME can still be bought on the app get buying
New to this.
What company do I need to open an account with along with what do I need to buy!! Let me know ASAP
Webull “Service Issues”
Anyone else having issues with Webull? I can’t even get onto my account. I went there to buy BB and more AMC since Robinhood is blocking us out but now I can’t do that either. We gotta stay strong 💪🏼
Today we learned we aren't a free market.
The elite for as long as wall street has been around have manipulated the market to their favor. This cost small time traders money and effectively help gatekeep the stock market. Two days after we coordinate they freak out and try to cut the market off.
NAKED GOING 4$ HOLD AND BUY THE DIP GO GO GO 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥⭐️⭐️             🔥🔥⭐️⭐️         KEEP GOING
WE HAVE THIS KEEP FLYING OFFF WE GOING TO HIT TOGETHER 🔥🔥🔥🔥⭐️        🔥🔥⭐️
Investing platforms with same day money transfer?
If Robinhood is down, we need a new platform that allows instant access to funds to invest with. Anyone know one?
Okay. I did it. I’m completely broke but I put in $500 into GME. Please don’t let me down guys.

Remember it ain’t a loss till you sell - I’m not fucking leaving !
Tornado Guy
Those rat mothafuckas!🐭🖕🤰
Thought this was my time... But no. (OC FRESH MEME)
PAPA MUSK, We look for your coming at first light on the fifth day
Hop on the CCIV rocket ship
Let’s send Cciv to the moon boys                              . Let’s go
BUY NAKD!! LIFT OFF!!!
LETS   IN ON NAKD WHILE YOU CAN!!
CAN’T STOP THE DOGE TRAIN!
NOK is ceap right now. Im down but still holding. Lets go to the moon
Rocket to the moon
Tastyworks is wonderful, cant wait for the class action lawsuit on RH, Webull, etc
CALL YOUR CONGRESSIONAL REPRESENTATIVE TODAY!!!
I do not want to make this political, I wish i didn't have to make this post, but Wall Street is fucking with the peasants. However Congresses chooses to respond will be remembered, and we will remember this for for the next election cycle coming up. Call your congressional representative and express your concerns!!!!
HOLD THE FORT!!! BUY BUY BUY!!
How Wealthsimple handles volatility. This is the way....
BLACKBERRY
MAKE $BB GREAT AGAIN
😒 cashapp anyone?
Anyone having any success with cashapp? Mine isn't saying I can't buy stocks, yet not processing anything... hmm
IVE BOUGHT NOK ON FREETRADE
To the moon boys!!!! 🔥
CNBC now pushing lie that Wallstreetbets is actually a front for big money players not average ppl
I am feeling my asshole pucker up as we are getting fucked by Hedgefunds pulling in favors from Biden admin.  Fuck these assholes, stay strong retards, stay strong!
DONT BUY NEW SHIT BUY NOK GME AMC BB
Amc crashing back to 2 summary
This stock is very unstable and it's been a red day and down 30% I would sell
Can’t buy GME on Robinhood? Go buy an Xbox
Just disappointed how many paper hands I saw today
To all of you paper hands who got scared by the manipulation and pussied out. What the fuck is wrong with you? Are you going to give these cheating mfs money? Hell no. Buy all your fucking shares back and let them bleeed.
Fidelity is allowing buys on $BB $AMC
I just bought 20k of BB and 10k of AMC on Fidelity this morning.. do not let them think they can win!   Find a way to make those buy orders!!
Underdogs
Keep NAKD strong
AGAIN REDDITORS OF WSB ROBINHOOD IS BLOCCKING THE TRADING OF OTHER STOCKS SUCH AS GME WE NEED TO PUSH ANOTHER STOCK UP LET'S GET NXTD TO PLUTO 🌎
LETS GET BB TO PLUTO BABIES INVEST NOW!
DONT BUY NEW SHIT BUY NOK GME AMC BB
BUY GSAT, NSPR WHILE IT'S LOW! ADD IT TO THE GME LIST!
robinhood what up?
I THOUGHT ROBINHOOD'S THING WAS STEAL FROM THE GIVE AND GIVE TO THE POOR???
I think I was able to squeeze one last gme purchase on TD before Citadels check cleared for the brokers, remember boys HOLD
Can I get Dogecoin on E TRADE?
I can’t find it when looking up DOGE or DOGE-USD
Is it a coincidence that I cannot login to stash? That is the app I use for investing. I was gonna go in with you guys. I dumped a few bucks in last night and was ready to join the the revolution. All I get is error messages for the first time in years
HOLD $SNDL !!!!!!!!
BUY BUY BUY AND HOLD $SNDL
DOgecoin
HOLLDDDD & BUY THE DIP!
Don’t cave now boys we got this
FU ROBINHOOD LETS GET DOGE!
DOGE ALL THE WAY
LISTEN TO THIS
MANY TRADING PLATFORMS ARE BANNING BUYING. Yet, many state that shorts who have to cover their position, or institutions, are not affected. This is blatant coordinated market manipulation. But we can still beat it.  IF WE ALL HOLD.  THEY CANNOT COVER WITHIN A DAY AND THEY CERTAINLY CANNOT DO IT WITHOUT US SELLING.  THE GOAL HAS NEVER CHANGED. GME TO 5K. MAYBE MORE.    🤲🤲🤲  NONE OF YOU SELL!!!!!
Switch up
Now that Robinhood has restricted GME, what do we go for??
CASH APP FOR ROBINHOOD
The retards at Robinhood have sided with wall street
Robinhood
Why don’t robinhood just ban selling as well?
QuantumScape (QS) is the next wave
Well done, Redditors in successfully driving up GameStop! We've stuck it to the big Wall Street funds. GameStop has pretty much run its course at this point, so it's time to create the next big wave and keep this momentum going!  QuantumScape (QS) has the most advanced battery technology in the world right now and is well poised to take huge market share in the electric car battery industry. It's backed by Volkswagen, which is the world's largest car manufacturer, and Bill Gates, who knows a thing or two about technology. With the whole world focused on electric cars, stocks like Tesla have skyrocketed in valuation. QuantumScape is an opportunity to get into the electric car market with a young company that is just starting its rise. Let's use those GameStop returns and plow them into a new wave!
How to buy GME in EU?
I've already created an etoro account but so far it's stuck verifying my accounts. Many brokers such as webull, fidelity and revolut are not available where I live (the Netherlands). Any advice?   I've only been able to buy BB so far.
DONT BUY NEW SHIT BUY NOK GME AMC BB
SNDL is not supported on Robinhood, try HUGE
GATHER RESOURCES!!! BUY BBW!!!
We need this
Send ZOM to the moon!!!!!!!!!!!!
Best way to buy dodge?
The only way is UP! NOK     MAKE NOKIA GREAT AGAIN!!!!!
So you agree?
Did Robinhood catch you with your pants down? Then LEAVE
For you inbreds that don't know how to use google, here's a link on how to transfer your account to a different brokerage.         It's a shame what they've done, considering they have one of the best mobile UI's, but what they've done cannot be forgiven. Leave that dumpster fire of a company and pursue greater tendies.
The Only way to Survive All this Is Together $BB $GME
Don’t support the companies that don’t support us. PERIOD
All you have to do is drop the platforms that are restricted. Then they will learn. Hit them were it hurts the pocket book.
Just filed SEC complaint against Interactive Brokers
Revolut cancelling all AMC in EU
all my orders for AMC GME where cancelled after pending wish I could hold the lines with the gang
If Reddit did the same thing with weed stocks, maybe the US would finally Legalize at a Federal Level. Just a thought.
AMC    🌕🌖🌗🌘 🌒🌓🌔
😒
AMC stocks
I’m pretty new to stocks, and I heard about AMC and GameStop going way up in price. I bought 2 AMC stocks, as I couldn’t afford GameStop, for around 19 dollars each. It now says they’re down 25 percent, though. Have I made a mistake in buying these stocks? I would appreciate if someone could explain.
UPDATE: WeBull has also banned trading of GME and AMC
LMAO Astronomical, this better be revolutionary
IM $NOK NUMBER 1 FAN
if $NOK has million number of fans i am one of them. if NOK has ten fans i am one of them. if NOK has no fans. that means i am no more on the earth. if world against NOK, i am against the world. i love NOK till my last breath... die hard fan of NOK.
"Cancel Culture" is real!
I was trying to get it to say 420
It was a good ride robinhood, too bad you turned out to be a POS. Moving to fidelity
Buy Apple
Buy Apple and live life fomo fellaaaa $AAPL
GME the movie - Coming soon
We´ll watch this movie one year from now.
AAL can fly us to the moon!!
AAL is our best bet right now. It is incredibly undervalued and is a safe bet to because airlines will flourish again soon. Pump it up and we will create a new floor for the stock. AAL will one day literally fly us to the moon. Let's do it figuratively now!!
Trading platforms restricting trading of selective customer, stocks and options
One of the ways a   client   of a brokerage firm, regulated by   FINRA,   can express his/her grievances is to   file a formal complaint   with   FINRA  . If FINRA were to receive a large volume of complaints from   customers   of a few trading platforms, if would be a lot for that brokerage firm to handle. Customers of brokerages firms are allowed to file grievances with FINRA.
First ever posts for the culture
I’ve only ever lurked Reddit for years but this time that changes. I took as much as I possibly could and I’m waiting for opening tomorrow morning to GIVE TO THE CAUSE. I’m scared shitless but I will FIGHT to dick those greedy bastards down to the ground.  I’m in it for the long haul. I’m in this with all of you just as you are for me. I’m buying my ticket TO THE MOON    Hopefully it's not taken down for any reason and sorry mods if I'm breaking any rules, feel free to remove this.
hi ice can u shout out my yt page im starting and your fans go crazy to sub and troll thx

Just Bought in at Peak Price on Questrade - Don't let me down
HUMAN RIGHTS AWARD
WE WON A HUMAN RIGHTS CAMPAIGN  !!!!!
ORGANIGRAM ((OGI)) SUNDIAL GROWERS ((SNDL)) DOGECOIN CRYPTO LETS GOOO
I think we should send a message and get into MJNA, tell the 1% to chill out and smoke a fat one!!!
Really sold at 420$?
DODGE COIN - All the way up
They can’t stop or regulate Crypto - DOGE  Still can buy on Robinhood. Just dropped 5K
Charles Schwab is allowing trades on GME
I was just able to post a limit buy for GME on Schwab. It takes a few tries but its working now.     GME TO THE MOON RETARDS                                      ️      ️      ️
Can't buy GME or BB but my money is now "floating" in my Robinhood account since they blocked my purchase after letting me transfer the money. What should i frump it into?
I mean the money is in there i don't see any way to remove it since its not invested in anything... What should I frump into since I cant choose GME and BB?
Robinhood overwhelmed
Finally was able to get through the scrum to create a Robinhood acct. AMC and GameStop still blocked. Here's my link if you are trying to join:
CASH APP UPDATE
Placed $1,000 NOK order at 8:52am EST. Order fulfilled at 10:04am EST. Our day has come to destroy our tyrants. PHYSICAL SILVER IS NEXT. Mark my word.
BUY ZOM
Let’s go it’s still up and running!
After delisting GameStop and AMC, Robinhood has gotten over 100,000 1 star reviews in one hour on the app store, now set with a 1 rating. they deserve it
This is how to make your voice heard
Come to Charles Schwab
Schwab doesn't charge commision fees or any sort of trading fees. I really love the platform layout and you can still buy GME, NOK, BB, and the rest of the forementioned stocks.
HOLD
HOLD
Can you say “CLASS ACTION SUIT FOR THE GAY BEARS AND ROBINHOOD (whose slogan is ‘democratizing finance for all’ 🤌🤌)
GME TO THE MOON!!!
I bought in late at $404, but im in for the ride!!!
If we sue the 👖 off RH?
What will be the long term effects?  Will retell investor trading apps be made illegal or have some serious limitations put on to them?
price right there GME  🏻 🏻
from Thailand i want to do my part!, $GME this all I have. LOVE YOU GUYS!
GO 2 DA MOON
WHERE MY DOGS AT ?
SNDL TO 100
Dear Robinhood, Good Luck with your IPO
Seriously, Good luck with that. You just fucked over some 90% of your user base.
What Robinhood is doing is criminal. Let’s take these fuckers for all they are worth.
This should be criminal
FRIENDSHIP ENDED
aside from gme what’s the best to buy rn
I got me some GME!
Schwab finally let me in. I’m just three little pieces but I want to be a part of this!! Let’s ride way past a G! Fuck ya!
Still a non-believer?
I'm upset and disappointed
freetrade uk orders queued
is anyone else’s orders still queued? im also not able to place any other orders, anyone having this same issue? been like this for about 45 mins now
I have jan 2022 contracts out for gme on robinhood yet the app says the option will "expire soon" due to gme being delisted. When are these actually going to disappear? Am I fucked if I try and wait it out? Do I sell them asap?
YOLO RH out of business. Robinhood turned on the exact people that made their company successful!! I do not want to see a single one of you on RH after this!! Join me in giving RobinHood a big FUCK YOU....
TLDR: Fuck Robinhood and lets drive their business to the ground
Hedge-Fund Titans Lose Billions to Reddit Traders Running Amok
Proud of all you autists out there.
Huge Volume on APHA
There's a huge amount of volume on APHA. It's looking like a rally, way above 50 and 200 day moving average and strong RSI at 61.
Leave a one star review on the app store for robinhood
Don’t let them off when they try to manipulate the market.
couldn't buy on my ROBINHOOD account, so purchased in my vanguard retirement account!!
Free "Free" Market Info
Chaos is a ladder, and this morning is straight chaos so...  There's a lot of random comments popping up about who is or isn't blocking GME, AMC, BB, et al. Putting all info in one place would be mad helpful right now.   If you found a place that's not blocking out the little guy in the past hour, feel free to share below.
Short Stock Traders are just shooting themselves in the foot
Using their underhanded tactics to try to screw over the average joe is only backfiring. Like the hulk, Every time they try to stop us we get angrier and our     get stronger. Theyre do used to their billionaire buddiee who as soon as they got red they sell and move on, they arent used to us autists who even if we lose everything we got from being broke to still being broke.  At this point, screw Wall St and screw robinhood and screw anyone who thinks that we dont deserve the same opportunities to make money as the top 1%.  They put themselves into this situation by shorting the stocks to more than 100% of available stocks, and keep making it worse! Power to the playere and ill see you all on Pluto      Also if you havent seen it and have anyone you know who say any of the CNBC bullshit, I would reccomend this video by Louis Rossmann to show them how this ill got started
Bbbbbbbbb
BUY $BB FOR GODS SAKE
Apparently I can’t buy any stocks period from Robinhood or stash
That’s upsetting that Robin Hood decided not to let me. Buy any stocks that I purchased last night then on top of that stash decide to mysteriously do an update when you can’t buy any stocks either from them is any of the day trading stocks allowing you to buy any stocks at all and while I’m at it how we decide what’s the next target so we can go ahead and dump money into that before Robin Hood stops it again yeah they’re right about the name Robin Hood the Robin from us well we know how to play the game
My .15 shares to the moon!
Funny how it still says trade the stock when we all know that’s a lie
Amy Lynch on CNBC right now ( fmr SEC exec) trying to make the case that this move on GME has professionals driving it lol. Lame attempt at making case to regulate.
Robinhood #Collusion
#EatTheRich    Some restrictions apply. Don't eat the working rich or honest capitalists. Eat the Crony fascists.
Here is a detailed chart analysis of PSM (ProSieben   Media). The price target is 50% higher than the actual price and there are clearly buy signals! BTW Keep Buying GME!
RH alternative for Europeans
Hey guys, I've been following the GME movement from Spain and I just wanted to share that I just placed an order on eToro. It took a while to process the order but it ended up working just fine.     Hope this info helps you if you want to be part of this and you are based in Europe. Also, I saw someone asking where to buy fractions of a stock; you can do it in eToro as well.     \ \ I'm not recommending this platform, I'm just sharing my experience with it as an alternative to RH. RH is not available in Europe\ \
PONZI SCHEME?!? Damn those are fighting words 🤬
You guys are crazy
THE TENDIEMAN WILL SOON COME IF YOU HODL
BOOSTING THIS COMPLAINT SUMMARY FROM u/phillycheese25
REPORT ROBINHOOD TO THE SEC:       Feel free to use my complaint summary if you agree:  “Robinhood has gone against the fiduciary duty of its market client base, along with his company’s motto of “democratizing finance for all” by participating in market manipulation. Robinhood has banned the purchase of several NYSE listed equities securities including GME, AMC, BB, and NOK. This is a mockery of the United States’ foundational characteristic of free markets. Clearly, Robinhood, along with other similar broker dealers, have no interest in the free market or for individual investors. Rather, they serve the interests of hedge fund corporations who have most likely persuaded these firms to engage in market manipulation in order to mitigate losses enacted by short selling. An investigation into Robinhood and similar broker/dealers, along with the hedge funds who have recently lost profits due to their negligent short positions in the stocks mentioned above should take place in order to preserve what’s left of the American democracy.”
Dogecoin is SKYROCKETING!!!!!!! LETS PUSHHH
Processing img oylypcgab3e61...
AMC looking strong.
Holding steady despite all these efforts against it.
NOK will FLY @ 11:30 hours
Helsinki (Finland) stock market will close at 11:30 (5:30/17:30 local time).     Take a look at yesterdays graph. As soon as the Helsinki market closed, NOK ran. That is because there is no point of reference at the time.     What is happening now, is that the Helsinki SP will constantly work as an anchor for any gains in the US stock, making it super hard to move.
Robinhood Dogecoin trades may not execute right now
Hold the line boys keep pumping BB and AMC
Cmon boys let’s hold the line
AAL THE NEXT GME ??
AAL next GME
Making AAL the next GME, LFG!! 🔥🔥🔥 #fuckrobinhood
BUY NOK AND AMC!!!
BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY
LGND
# LGND
What’s happening to AMC?
I put into AMC yesterday and I though we where going to the moon?
BB Still Open On Trading 212
BB should be the next wave.
I know nothing about investing, but I love what you all are doing. how do I get in on GME and help my friends do the same? I honestly have no idea where to start
you all are amazing!! as a frequent redditor, it really warms my heart to see this movement coming from here🖤 reddit can be a dark place in a lot of ways, but finally here’s some good!!  I’d love to get in on this, but I’m seriously ignorant about anything having to do with investing. all I knew about was the Robinhood app, but I’m having trouble using it. I apologize for being such a newb ahhh. but any guidance would be seriously appreciated!! I really want to be able to help my friends join the movement too, as they are in my boat right now when it comes to knowledge about stonnnks  thanks so much!
Is Tradestation an viable alternative to RH?
GME, AMC and NOK are all available on Tradestation. You have to unlock commission free trades. Might be a small cost and pain in the   am looking at selling all of my holdings with RH other than the above mentioned. Take that money and dump it into the
CASHAPP UP FOR $AMC!!
LET'S GO NAKD!!!
That's right Wall Street! We're coming!
FUCKING HOLD
RH Blocked My Order !!!!!!!!!!!!
RH blocked my NOK purchase which is current headed to the basement  I guess we will wait till it hits $  a share and buy
SNDL ?
Bb needs help
Everyone bb is struggling rn
ROBINHOOD
Should we shift everything to MACYS?
Well....
Didn’t robinhood steal from the rich and give to the needy?
WHAT IS DEAD MAY NEVER DIE! HOLD!
Trade Republic (Broker) is working again  Send it to the Moon
Robinhood acting like a real punk today. YOLO
NOK next?
WE YOLOING NOK NEXT OR WHAT BOIS?
If you have Cash app you can buy AMC!!!!!!!
Let’s get back in there and buy low and hold!!!!!!!!!!!
“Here at Robinhood we’re proud to help the everyday   when they are making money”
You absolute heroes, I cannot believe it
Slowly this year I took a deeper look into the market, I ordered books, read charts, ran spreadsheets and was making a slow and safe profit over the months. I was looking forward to learning the lingo and trying my best to make a good side hustle.   I read news and posts and try to articulate how this has come to be, and the only way is to completely toss human greed out of the window and trust your fellow redditors. It's quite astounding and I've grown a very wholesome respect for each and every one of you.   Before, I just came here to read silly stories, hype myself by finding people who had made more money than my salary x10 in just an option, how retarded.  I tried to explain to my (not so market savvy) friends the extent of what's happening here, and how it came to be, and most importantly how proud I am. And as I do so my largest holding starts to gain traction on WSB.  I am a Canadian male, 22, I was born in British Columbia and was taken away from my mother by child protective services, she had an issue with alcohol and heroin and it was hinted that I might've had some in my system when I was born.  Child protective sent me to live with my father, who was his own cup of tea. To summarize, my father was a drug dealer and I was his accident baby, he had not the experience or will to raise me and I was neglected my early years of life. I assume he hadn't worked out with my mother as they were just having a fling.  My grandmother, fathers side, set me up an air mattress in her kitchen when I was four years old and that was when I unofficially moved out. There was lots of restless nights at my father's and id often catch the school bus with him still being awake and drunk from the night before. There were many strangers sleeping on my bed over the years.  My family and I had always had problems with poverty, my father's money was taken when he went to jail, Ive never really met my mother, and I burned through my single grandmothers savings by needing food and school supplies.  I went to college in 2017 for mechanical engineering,  I really liked it and got great grades. I met the first woman I've really, really liked there, we got along perfect.   Nearing the end of my second year she grew distant and ended up cheating on me with someone in my program, I dropped out and refused to see her again. I was on OSAP student loan program which was tanked by Doug Ford, I had to pay it all back.  Since then I have been working as a cleaner at my local courthouse, I save money in my brokerage, buy groceries for granny, and am trying to pay off her debt (abt. 9000CAD).  I don't talk to either of my parents, obviously. But I am worried because she is now 71 and showing signs of mental decline.   I was planning on going back to school, university (Bachelor of Engineering (software)/Masters of Business administration) in 2023 or 2024 if I had saved up enough to reasonably support myself, continue work, and go to school.  I sit here watching gamestop, dumbfounded, and here you are boosting my largest holding now killing my shorts. If this really works out for me I can finish school before I am thirty, and I can pay off grannys debt sooner than that even. If this works out I swear I'll come back with my degree (and proof) and I'll train you retards with the knowledge I've absorbed. Mark my words. I really feel like I could be pulled out of poverty along with my future right now. And I  owe it all to you.  I'm crossing my fingers, I've been long for a while and do not plan on selling my little nest-bags I have here. I have 1746 at .585 average in my personal, and I have 4218 at a .61 average in my tfsa. God help me. As I write this message we are booming and I'm so proud. I hold 90% of my portfolios in SNDL. Could you please lift our float? If not just tell me what I have to do, you have all earned my diamond hands on your side.
They can't stop us.
ROBINHOOD DOWN, NOT ALLOWING ANYONE TO BUY GME, BUT THEY ARE ALLOWED TO SELL IT. YOU'D THINK THIS WOULD FORCE THE PRICE TO GO DOWN RIGHT? WRONG!   WE DON'T PANIC SELL. HOLD STRONG BOYS. 75% OF OUR COMMUNITY IS ROBINHOODERS. ROBINHOOD SHOWED THEIR TRUE COLORS TODAY! THE 25% OF US THAT TRADE ON DIFFERENT PLATFORMS BOUGHT UP BIG FOR US.  THE REST OF US 75% NEED TO SWITCH TO A DIFFERENT BROKERAGE. I JUST OPENED A FIDELITY ACCOUNT THIS MORNING....   JUST WAIT UNTIL WE CAN ACTUALLY START BUYING TOO.... TO THE MOON WE GO    THIS ALSO SHOWS HOW BIG OUR REACH IS, BECAUSE WITH SO MUCH PUBLICITY WE PROB BUT ROOKIE WSBers TO BUY THAT ARE ON DIF PLATFORMS.  GOOD SHIT. WE DIDN'T START THIS WAR BUT YOU'RE DAMN RIGHT WELL FINISH IT.
How short is GME?
Blocking GME/AMC from search
[Shit post] [meme] Let's start a new revolution against against against the gamestop traders and rival them as GNUS traders. Brown vs Orange like the GTA Green vs Purple alien. We beef on discord. Charb chan
Option trading
Hi,  I’m brand new to Reddit and brand new to trading.  What’s the best way to learn the basics of option trading please?
Let's see the crane kick
Processing gif 44911v5eb3e61...
SOFI!!!
SOFI INVEST!!!  ABLE TO BUY GME, NOK, AMC! NOT BANNED LIKE ROBINHOOD! Zero fees! Show r\ binhood what happens when you mess with us, leave them. Open an Active Investing account with $1,000 or more, and you'll get $50 in stock.   LINK:
Loss porn. Im not fucking selling
Live footage from market trading floor
AMC and NOK rising!
After a decline at the start NOK and AMC are rising slowly. Use another broker to buy shares!
RIDE NOW SONS OF GONDOR!
EVERYONE REVIEW BOMB ROBINHOOD!!! They are nothing but scum!!! Transfer your stocks to another brokerage if possible AND DO NOT SELL!! DO NOT LET THEM WIN
GME BB BUY ON THE DIP FOR   TIMES! TO THE MOOOON.
Send sndl and GME to the moon
Just the beginning! A lot of people thought   was just a meme but we hit it and can continue higher if we hold!
IS SPCE STILL A BUY???
IS $SPCE STILL A BUY ????
Need some help to do it
Hello my fellas, I'm totally new on Reddit and on this trading stuffs, but I want to learn and if it's possible earn some extra money. Actually I'm studying but I want to know from the reality.  Could someone recommend me a real app or trading service? Thank you so much
Hedge Fund Broker who took a short on GameStop
Has RH surpassed shitron as enemy #1?
Title says it all
Which accounts do instant deposit?
Where can I get an instant deposit? Robinhood shut down. Td is working
POWER TO THE PEOPLE
Rally ladies and gentlemen, for this is our finest hour! Let's send a message to those Wall Street fucks that the people are stronger than their powdered asses! Viva la WSB!!!
Cash App
WE CAN STILL BUY AMC ON CASH APP
HALTING GME EVERY 10 MINUTES THEY ARE SCARED SHITLESS KEEP IT UP!
REMEMBER THE SHORT INTEREST. 140% STILL TO COME IN
As a college student, just lost 10k because of robinhood
I have majority in BB and NOK. Was gonna get into GME this morning until RH blocked. This ain’t right.
@ROBINHOOD AND ALL BROKERS
‼️‼️‼️EVERYBODY, IF THEY STOP US FROM FREE TRADING  WE WILL STOP TRADING ON THEIR PLATFORM ‼️‼️‼️ THEY’RE PREVENTING THE POOR FROM BECOMING RICH WHEN THE RICH ARE BECOMING LESS RICH‼️‼️‼️‼️ FUUUUUUCK THAT FUCK ROBINHOOD ETORO AND ALL BROKERSSS
HOW TO BUY NOK ON ROBINHOOD
(If you invested in NOK while the market was closed, the purchase will not go through. You need to go to the messages tab on the app, request to cancel the order, click view order, and then the purchase should go through. Just a heads up to anyone that was having the same issue)
WE HAVE A LOT OF SUPPORT
Clearly we are the good guys in this story. GME to the moon, lets win the war boys.
I bought AMC on Cash App and its been pending for over an hour now. I don't wanna say cash app is trying to screw me but I have a feeling they're doing what robin hood did by hiding the stocks and limiting buying of the stocks.
For anyone who missed out on GME/AMC/NOK on Robinhood... DOGE is working (and rising) as of 10:15 est
Title
ZOM to the moon
$1 a share and great potential!! Not locked!
You guys wanna go to Wall Street and protest? This is mad lame
Buy the dip  no 🧢GME
Who’s trying to run it back today? 👀
Cashapp down?
Cashapp not putting orders thru or letting one cancel??
BANKING INSTITUTIONS IN CANADA
On top of the RH bs you degenerates in thew states are dealing with, most of the CDN trading platforms are pissing themselves aswell, not loading or working - sorry we arent helping the fight this morning - once this shit starts to work, we'll be back. BRRRRRRR
Can we repurpose #StopTheSteal for this bullshit concerted effort to take our tendies?
this is absolutely MALPRACTICE CRIMINAL, I DIDNT CANCEL SHIT
DOGE IS SKYROCKETING OMG!!!
AMC
Anyone buying AMC ? letsssss goooooo baby !!!!
Let’s go guys !! Cse: CANN (OTCQX: HERTF
SEC if you’re reading this do your damn job instead of harassing the poor
If these guys want to manipulate the market let’s manipulate a stock everyday. Jan 28th: BB   to me this is more than just stocks now I’m tired of the rich being so unjust to us lower class citizens and valuing us for our ability to make money instead of valuing are existence. Let’s prove to them that making money is easy, you just gotta come together and blow a stock up BB to 100 today!!
Robinhood froze selling
The first few minutes of regular market, I was unable to buy or sell. This can’t be legal? My trades were held hostage!
Can’t get AMC or GME on Robinhood wtf!!!🤬
KEEP THEM( Wall Street Lurkers)OUT/ LETS MAKE THIS MONEY
I need a couple of coders so we can create an app to be able to freely talk and do this while keeping those old heads and Wall Street lurkers out. The only reason why they’re able to lock us out is because they have access to our movements on Reddit and discord. It’s 4 millions us, WE CAN DO THIS!
Robinhood cofounder
Robinhood cofounder Twitter handle is @bprafulkumar
What’s happening right now is truly fucked up.
First Dog on the Moon! DOGE
WHY ARE U FUCKING SELLING RETARDS?
help me I'm at AAL 29$
I'm dying... I'm dying... I'm dying... I'm dying... I'm dying... F.....
GAXY
Can't tell you how many times I watched MM beat the shit out of this every time in got legs...
Alternative apps for foreigners
Anyone apps working with easy sign up for people outside of the US?
Well if this ain’t a sign, then I don’t know what is. 2 DA MOON!!!
Nokia & BB looking good #trimthehedge
Nokia & BB looking good for a big buy. Will be topping up again when I can get on. #trimthehedge
Destroy Robinhood
I placed $650 into AMC and Nokia last night and woke up exactly when the market opened this morning at 9:30. Just to see that robinhood canceled my orders for me. This is market manipulation they will pay for this. For those who have AMC and Nokia pleasssse HOLD 🙏🏾 they’re trying to stop the rest of us but they can’t stop the ones already on the inside we’re fighting Wall Street now 😬
An interesting title
I logged into robinhood and webull today and was unable to pull up anything about gamestop. Im curious if anyone else is having the same issue. Are there any known workarounds besides going to an "in person" investor? Or is the investigation from the SEC halting trade on the stock? I am brand new to investing.
Stocks no longer supported on RH
AAL Currently Delisted From RH.
Bought Market Order this morning, it was almost a sign. KEEP BUYING
NOK IS THE FUTURE!!!
Webull is following in Robbing Hood's footsteps....
I’ll just leave this here...
Hold BB
Don’t flake. It’ll pop once this illegal activity stops.
History in the making
Giddy up
Dogecoin!!!!!!
Which app is successfully trading right now
By the end of the day will the real Robinhood please stand up.
to file a class action against Robinhood
Show them that we stand together and won’t let this blatant market manipulation stand.
Many ape together strong! I’m in my fellow retards! Godspeed.
WE LIKE THE STOCK AND IM NOT SELLING
Buying not allowed of GME, AMC, or NOK on Robinhood right now.
Let’s go DOGE
Where’s WSB’s Roy Cohn!?
If anyone has a cousin who’s a lawyer, maybe now would be a good time to ask about our class action lawsuit.
IG Trading has also stopped allowing GME from being traded....
Organigram !!!!
Organigram weed company is also jumping up as well everyone take a look!!!!
HOLD IT DOWN BOYS
Just wanna say, I’m too poor to invest in stocks at all but I’ve been watching this with bated breath. Keep holding you sons of bitches. I have never been more proud to be a Redditor. Let’s shove it in the face of these hedge funds.
Dogecoin
To the fucking moon...
AAL
Up next
Why is BB not having more volume?
Stonks
Anybody check out dye and durham symb(DND) it’s been pretty steady since it’s recent launch in 2020
I’m not gonna sell but I’m definitely not confident right now
DOGE COIN
fuck wallstreet & melvin
Citadel is a hedge fund that owns Melvin Capital Management.  Melvin is a $GME short seller predicted to lose BILLIONS due to the people taking the free market back.  Citadel owns the app Robinhood.  Citadel banned purchases of new $GME shares on RH.  Market manipulation.  Citadel isn’t a majority owner of RH, but they DO pay RH a hefty figure to the app for consumer data. On top of the money paid to bail out Melvin.   All they have to do is threaten to pull that money for data from RH and RH pulls new share purchases of $GME.   It’s wild.
No longer able to trade for fractional or dollar values of GME on Fidelity
Billy Ray and Louie say...

What are alternative trading apps?!?
Since the smaller free-trading platforms are being shut down, what are the alternatives available that we can use to Buy $NOK $GME $BB etc.?
File your SEC Complaint against Robinhood APP
File your SEC complaint against Robinhood APP      Don’t sell guys we can’t let them get what they wanted from the first place. (I’m not a financial adviser)
GameStop becoming THE meme currency by this point.
Change my mind.
- Sign from the Gods
Any reason not to exercise 115c 1/29 option?
I sold everything else I own in robinhood due to their blatant market manipulation, magically resulted in $11500ish which I can now use to exercise my GME option.  Any reason I should not do so? It seems like the safe bet to make sure robinhood doesn’t lube me up and close my position ‘for my financial safety’
Stash Down
Is Stash App down for anyone? My AMC order was cancelled.
Nice.
Do you have any suggestions on apps or websites for someone looking to invest in Sweden?
I've tried to jump on this GME hypetrain but i alwaays seem to be blocked out from all websites because it doesnt work in my country.
R/ SatoshiStreetBets would love to have you ride to the moon with our friend Doge!
DOGECOIN FUCKIN HUGEEEE GOOO
Why I can’t sell ????
Can’t log into my Td Ameritrade account this is total bullshit. Lawsuits will be forthcoming
Amc?
fuck Robinhood but also 👀 Robinhood
CTRM
⬆️⬆️CTRM
DOGE
BOOOST
Stay strong. This is what we really trained for. Do not fall for desperate market manipulation
Stay strong. This is what we really trained for. Do not fall for desperate market manipulation
I know we're all angry, but doesn't this section from their "customer agreement" allow them to do this?
Advice on silver?
First time trading in commodities, any advice?
EVERYONE,
WHATEVER STOCK YOU ARE IN  #DO NOT SELL  I don’t give a fuck if your broker comes to your fucking house and breaks your fucking thumbs,   DO NOT FUCKING SELL!    u/deepfuckingvalue was down way more and fucking clenched his cheeks together and held until his finger tips were encrusted with fucking diamond flakes. And guess what!?   HE IS STILL FUCKING IN!    Don’t be a 📄    !   We will all go to Mars!
AgEagle
Buy AgEagle, ez stonks
$NOK all the way boys let's go!!$
NOK NOK NOK NOK NOK NOK NOK
CMON GUYS WE CANT LOSE GME I INVESTED MY LIFE SAVINGS KEEP BUYING IF YOU CANT BUY HOLD
HOLD HOLD HOLD
Trading 212, the UK’s largest largest investing app, has blocked purchases and gone down right after the market opened. There are games being played and it’s making me want to bounce my head off a fucking rock.
Now I can even get my MF money     #robinhood
Stake is not working anymore in Australia! Servers down for the working classes one more time!
It’s time to shoot the moon!
RH is blocking buying AAL now! “Let the people trade” my ass!!!
Don’t let these bastards win.
DOGECOIN BREAKING ALL RECORDS!
Gooood. Gooooood
Where does a noob start?
Obviously I missed out on the GME fun and I'm just learning about all of this.    If I have at least $1k of throwaway money, should I start with AMC or BB?
NOK
Cashapp allowed NOK stock purchase!!
Total market manipulation when a stock drops 20% and PUT options go negative!!!
Kodak. Another opportunity to punish the short sellers?
Anyone looking at Kodak (KODK)?  This is another heavily shorted stock.  I'm seeing a lot of potential in this one...thinking about jumping in head first.
Forward
This is our time. The establishment is on their heels trying everything to save themselves. Stopping now would be suicide. Stay on the incline!!!!!!!
BB buy time baby
BUY THE DIP GME BACK TO 500 AND BEYOND
What’s happening to Nokia???!!!
It keeps going down more and more and it’s down %14 what’s happening!?!?!?
Robinhood limits Dogecoin
Dogecoin is now unavailable on Robinhood...... it’s up to $  right now and climbing!!💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴
Robinhood cancelled my NOK NOK
/wsb gonna give it to ya. But really, who is still selling NOK I'm blocked out on Robinhood and  Cash app....
First time cussing to my dad   GME to the MOON
Are we going to let this people intimidate us??????? #nok #BB #AMC
GET IN THIS DISCORD BOYS

Push it for me boys!!
Over here in NZ at 4am. It looks like the main broker over here (“sharesies” which I use) has decided to halt GME trading so my buy order hasn’t gone through. You glorious bastards take this stock to 1000 for me
I LIKE THE STONK $GME
HOLDING UNTIL MELVIN CAPITAL GOES BOOM 🧨
Replacement for RobinHood? We Must Stick Together and not give in!
Ok hear me out, We need to find another place where we can buy the stocks, So many weak people are selling GME BB NOK AMC now because of Robin Hood and have no idea where to go.  COME ON HOLD THE LINE  DON"T SELL!  #
BUY THE NOK DIP!!!
Penny’s
IGC and ZOM!?!
Most Shorted Stocks Update: Here Come The Microcaps
Saddle Ranch Media (  SRMX  ) - whose stock costs  one-hundredth of a nickel  (probably for good reasons) and which "is a diversified media and entertainment company operating three divisions: Saddle Ranch Digital, Saddle Ranch Film, and Saddle Ranch TV", and KYN Capital Group (  KYNC  ) - a "capital-finance leasing company"  and both of which are pink sheet, microcap companies - the first has a market cap of just $9MM and, according to Bloomberg,    a short-to-float ratio of 129%,    or just below that of Gamespot...    Processing img dorl94c1b3e61...
Big boys are counter attacking.
downturn will and has started😰.  The WStreet folks with their highly sophisticated AI and quant systems and big business/political influence have analyzed the situation and will counter attack.  Beware.  Remember the lesson of ‘The charge of the light brigade’.  Heroic intent, but a complete massacre for those trying to outwit those with vastly superior experience and $’s firepower.  The element of surprise is over.  Don’t lose your shirt!
$SPCE TO THE MOOM
Leeets goooo PUSH IT BABY
REPOST THIS AS MANY TIMES AS YOU CAN
Come on!
If i can't buy AMC I'm buying Doge
Why you should buy $AMC AND USING CASH APP.
BUY AMC BECAUSE THIS IS THE BIGGEST MIDDLE FINGER WE CAN GIVE THE ESTABLISHMENT!   Fuck you Hedge Fund, Fuck you Robin Hood!     $AMC PRICE TARGET: 400 USD by NEXT MONDAY! Wait and see!!!      AMC TO THE MOOONN!! YALLAAA BOYS.
ORGANIGRAM ((OGI)) SUNDIAL GROWERS ((SNDL)) DOGECOIN CRYPTO LETS GOOO
Stop trading on Robinhood
1611875915
WBA
Check out WBA!!!
Alternatives to RH
Robinhood has lost my business but HOLDing until this resolves. Looking for recommendations for other platforms that have not restricted trading.   I accept the risk with MY money!
What App do we use now?
I can’t use Robinhood to buy stock? So what should we use?
NOK
NOK can still be bought     me and the homies just did
NCTY the move on Robinhood if you still have cash there. Otherwise, GME
I just want to get NAKD lol
Nakd BB AMC GME
Let's battle these institutions
LET US PUSH GME TO THE MOON   GET YOUR GRANDMA AND BUY
Do not let the media win. Let us show the power of reddit! Do not sell retards
WHATS GOING ON WITH AMC?
For the option guys what’re we doing???
Dogecoin
WTRH is next GME!!!    . Food delivery company HIGHLY undervalued at around 4 compared to only two other rivals Uber and Dash. Let’s goooo!!!!
FIDELITY IS NOT RESTRICTING TRADE ON $GME $AMC ETC..
Just used FIDELITY to buy $GME. This is my first post. Not Spam. Not Bot. $GME HOLD FAST. WE LIKE THIS STOCK.
DOGE
Why don't we buy crypto?   let's shoot the DOGE on the moon \ \
Trade Republic works again, support from Germany incoming
Huzzah!!!
DOGECOIN!!!!!
SNDL TO THE MOON
LETS GO SNDL To the moon doubled in price
GME Float - still at   we’re doing fine. Hold the line!
Stay strong! Your individual decisions are having an impact. History is written by the those who hold!
MOVIETIME
GOING TO THE MOVIES AND GONNA STAY A WHILE
MODS GOT THE CHECKMARK MOD GOT THE CHECKMARK VERIFIED VERIFIED VERIFIED
Rickpat demands it.
DOGE
Lets do this fellas! while waiting for GME and AMC
NOK
Why is NOK going down im not gonna sell because im not a bitch im just curious
NOK
ALL you guys who had a nokia for the nostalgia lets send them into space
Robinhood alternative?
Since robinhood has now joined the scum, any alternatives?
All makes sense now 🤔

Should I buy GME right now?
I am thinking of buying tmr
Robinhood killer. Bring them to their knees. Rate them into the trash can.
A little bit off topic, but dogecoin is flying to the moon as well!
4 tendies!!
WE WILL BE VICTORIOUS!     HOOOOOOOOOOOLD
The paranoia is in bloom   The   transmissions will resume   They'll try to push drugs, keep us all dumbed down   And hope that we will never see the truth around, so come on  Another promise, another scene, another   Packaged lie to keep us trapped in greed with all the   Green belts wrapped around our minds and endless   Red tape to keep the truth confined, so come on  They will not force us   And they will stop degrading us   And they will not control us   We will be victorious, so come on  Interchanging mind control   Come let the revolution take its toll   If you could flick a switch and open your third eye   You'd see that we should never be afraid to die  So come on  Rise up and take the power back   It's time the fat cats had a heart attack   You know that their time is coming to…  (c) Muse.
You can still buy $PLTR on Robinhood!!
Buy Buy Buy before they block it!       $PLTR $PLTR $PLTR $PLTR
After all this shit goes down there is one more thing we should do: LEAVE ROBINHOOD AND LET IT BURN TO THE GROUND
Going in hard
I was happy just putting in a little to join the cause but then I saw how much manipulation was going on with the platforms to stop us buying. Its become about principle now.. lets do this
Buy $GME! Robinhood fucked my options on $NOK. Switch platforms and buy $GME!    🌕🌕🌕
That weekly high 😎  the moon
DOGE!!!!!!!!!!
Ride the rocket screw the hedge DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE
What Do You Guys Use?
I'm new to this whole stock market thing and I'm just trying to understand everything. I'm reading bad things about Robinhood but I don't understand what's wrong with it. Does anyone know what app or website is a good alternative that's friendly to newcomers? This is all so much.
Made this last night because I knew something sketchy would happen. They cancelled my entire buy order at market open.
HEDGE FUND HUNT .... SEASON NOW OPEN
$BB, Nokia and GameStop Right nine
Think or swim is up and working.
Think or swim
$AG +30%, PAAS + 10%, $SLV  , $PSLV  , ... Is it happening ?
Been seeing a lot of momentum on silver $SLV $PSLV $AG $PAAS, ... What are your thoughts about this  ? Is it happening ?
Robinhood claiming I cancelled my own order of NOK but sent through my other ones, FUCK THEM.
When Robinhood IPOS we shorting that
#letmebuyGME  GME $7,000 (nothing less)
My mama said leave Robinhood a bad review
$CashApp allowing AMC, not GME
Welp... guess I'll be living on the street now
When do I sell my GME stock?
Trying to do the right thing
So wallstreet is ok with the retail investors losing money so that hedge funds are protected??
Wallstreet should take it's own advice when they say "shorting stocks is incredibly risky and you can incur huge losses.  Only invest what you are prepared to lose".
Webull
Anyone switching from RH to Webull? Planning to today, just curious how much greener the grass is on the other side.
Very Cool CNBC! (fuck the suits)
Reposting because it is so true!
Which of you tards is selling?? All you have to do is HOLD!
GME
What broker is not pulling these shenanigans?
Where can I put money?  Which broker is holding strong and allowing us to purchase stocks?
Robinhood is really going out of their way
BUY $AMC AND $GME
BUY FUCKING BOTH OF THEM NOW $$$ LET AMC AND GME SOAR TO FUCKING MARS      START A TRAIN
Nobody can stop the momentum
Just bought 6x shares of GME let s goooo
This is the most Patriotic thing I’ve seen in my generation!! Rally against the Elite!
AMC AMC AMC
We can by AAL to prove ourself
It’s time to prove ourselves!!!!!!!!!!
Fellow retards HOLD HOLD HOLD
IF IN UK USE   TO   FUCKING   PUT THESE CUNTS IN THE DIRT
Really dumb question
I downloaded Webull because RH has blocked GME, AMC, etc. Its going to take 1-2 business days to authenticate according to Webull, in the meantime Macy’s is still an option on RH, any hot takes?
Buy gme rn! They're trying to scare
Help with cancelling deposit to RH so I can invest on Fidelity
Before RH shut down buying on GME this morning, I started a $5k deposit. Then they shut it down. I can't cancel it because it is pending, but i want that $5k back right now so I can dump it into Fidelity and buy more GME. Is there any way I can do this, or is that $5k locked up for a few days?
The only reason I’m watching CNBC today
GME buy buy buy!
Is there another investing platform that hasn't stopped the buying of GME? I wanted to buy more this morning but I cant BC thoes Robin fuckers are blocking buys.
Silver is about to MOON $$$
Silver is breaking out on multiple time frames, this is just the beginning. Very likely it will break all time high of $50, so you're looking at 100% gain as a very real possibility in the short term just based on technicals, who knows how high it could go with a bit of momentum from the autists.   Charts below with my entries for proof, will be adding on pullbacks. Reverse head and shoulders pattern playing out on the daily chart, along with weekly MACD about to turn positive. This is just the beginning. First post I've made here, feel like this is the first time I really have a trade worth sharing.      Processing img 48q6dmcqa3e61...         Weekly Chart, MACD indicator close to turning positive.     Enjoy Retards..
Traders of the world, unite!
Keep holding guys! Stay calm!
Fuck trading 212. Never sell      together strong
Help Nikola gaining more than General Motors who stopped their deal in the last minute
Let’s buy Nikola and nio stocks it got down today
BUY AMC AND HOLD
Hold the line
Misleading?
STOP SELLING AND HOLD/BUY! DID WE LEARN NOTHING FROM CRYPTO LAST YEAR
Trust the community!!!!!!!
Robinhood CEO is a fucking liar

I’m feeling NAKD!!!
HYSR = Golden
community is pushing HYSR lets make it happened.         Processing img 4sfv2zyza3e61...
SNDL Big Gains
SNDL to the moon boys
Nokia let’s get it moving
Let’s get Nokia up among the clouds...  Buy it, but it...
I am done with Robinhood.
First contradiction between their customers and corporate, they just sold us out instantly.
NOK
We have Mark, Elon, and Chamath on our side. Obviously there won’t be too much trading since the brokers are working with the hedge fucks and trading is becoming a headache atm. So don’t sell cowards, you’re letting them win if you do.
MORE
pls mr reddit market manipulator... give me something new to buy
I'm buying and holding! Fuck hedge funds
You can still buy nok and amc on cashapp
Can anyone explain what y’all are doing to the gamestop stock?
Its been everywhere and the stock is up another $84 today so far. I don’t understand how or why but I would like to know. Also I would love to know how this is fucking the rich over bc I would like to be involved in this as well
WEBULL NOW. Fuck Robinhood!!
Symbolic or not?
To think 35 years ago today, the “Challenger”space shuttle exploding leaving the earth’s atmosphere. We shouldn’t let it happen again!
ACB is safe bet right now as AMC and NOK are "not supported" by these crooks.
ACB currently at $
Just bought more AMC on ETrade
Posted on Webull for #SLV
Some Redditors Have Silver ETFs In Their Sights  ## To say Reddit forum WallStreetBets accumulated infamy and notoriety and more in the span of a few days is an understatement.  To say Reddit forum WallStreetBets accumulated infamy and notoriety and more in the span of a few days is an understatement. Just ask market participants holdings short positions in   AMC Entertainment Holdings   (NYSE: , just to name a pair.    What Happened  : With   and their subsequent squeezes all the rage these days, WSB is drawing a crowd and with a crowd comes ideas – some credible, some not so much.  Time will tell what comes of this notion, but one Redditor is suggesting  , advocating for going after the silver market.  “Silver Bullion Market is one of the most manipulated on earth. Any short squeeze in silver paper shorts would be EPIC,”  . “We know billion banks are manipulating gold and silver to cover real inflation. Both the industrial case and monetary case, debt printing has never been more favorable for the No. 1 inflation hedge Silver.”    Why It's Important  : Again, it remains to be seen what comes of this, but if the WSB crowd can affect the price of silver, various exchange-traded funds stand to benefit, namely the   iShares Silver Trust   (NYSE: .  Both of those ETFs are backed by physical holdings of the white metal.  “Inflation adjusted Silver should be at 1000$ instead of 25$. Link to post removed by mods. Why not squeeze $SLV to real physical price,” according to the Reddit post. “Think about the Gainz. If you don't care about the gains, think about the banks like JP MORGAN you'd be destroying along the way.”  That reference to   JPMorgan Chase   (NYSE:  of the silver market.    What's Next  : The Reddit post garnered 2,700 comments with plenty of WSB community advocating for the idea of cornering the silver market. Some like the idea of getting vengeance on JPMorgan for depressing their silver investments.
I can no longer buy BB,GME or Nok on Robinhood
Gme falling down
GME FALLING DOWN ,..........
PSA: Schwab is blocking WSB stocks, just resubmit order
On the app, when you submit an order it says the symbol's not available.  Clear the pop up and resubmit.  So far applies to day only market and limits, however their after hours trading was down for a chunk of the night last night too.
#ROBINHOODCHANGEYOURNAME
LETS MAKE THIS TREND!
We don't do that here
AMC holding strong - AAL buying the dip
Fellas AMC to Andromeda and AAL to the limits of the galaxy
Anyone else having trouble creating a WeBull account?

Let’s take down all investing platforms
Most of the trading platforms are down, let’s focus one by one. We will take them down. Jus focus on GME. AMC is the next one.  We have to be united. Don’t ever forget that they are minority
I GOT IN BOYS - Trade Republic / Tradegate Exchange!    it’s only 3x but it’s honest work
Should I buy nakd ?
Nice
Trading 212 JOKE
Boycott Robinhood use WSB's power to crush a company that is trying to crush us!!!
Hold your fucking stocks
HOLD
My E TRADE buys went through this morning yayyyy!  💃💃
BB     TO THE MOON
Brick wall this week extends the squeeze next week.
how many paying attention to burn NEXT weeks short list since the regulators are trying to brick wall this weeks?
It's been a thrilling week idiots! Don't sell Friday!
NAKD to the fucking moon
BUY BB DIP, DBUY BB DIP
Merrill blocking buying as well...
Hmm...   Processing img laf8aw6ab3e61...
I JUST GOT HERE HOULD I BUY SOME GME STOCKS NOW?
I just saw it might be a little late yeah but can I still make any proit if I buy now?

One more vote
I’m normally a conservative investor, I own ETFs. But nothing gets me fired up like suppression of free speech or free markets in the name of corporate interests. That’s what has happened over the last two days with Reddit and with Robin Hood and other brokerages. I’m tired of the misrepresentation of WSB in the media. And that’s why I bought today to support you guys while Robin Hood is down. I don’t care if I lose it- this is a vote not an investment.
Not selling GME till I get my own stimulus check's worth
My GME exit strategy is only once I get my stock to the $2000 stimulus check equivalent that wall street lobbying got cancelled.     I make my own stimulus. Who's with me?
BINCK Bank in NL has banned users from buying or opening GME
Typical scam, Dutch bank Binck (Saxo Bank) has barred all it's users from trading or opening positions in GME due to "it's volatility". Just another reminder that the small man isn't allowed to do the same kind of thing as the Wall Street big dicks. What a bunch of crooks!
Looking for advice: How do I invest in guillotine futures?
Pretty sure they're going straight to the moon
GME UNABLE TO BE BOUGHT ON TRADING 212 !! TIME FOR BB TO SHINE !!
Doge coin rocket   doge coin   to the moonnnnnnn
IGNORE THE NEWS SENTIMENT
GUYS (mods please don't ban these are  important words of encouragement), recently a lot of news outlets are trying to scare us too by saying "GME will drop as RH bans buying of the stock". DON'T LISTEN TO THEM. They are manipulative and dumb and don't realize that WE HAVE THE EDGE. JUST HOLD IF YOU HAVE. DIAMOND HANDS WILL WIN IT FOR US. ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS DO NOTHING!!! TRUST THE PROCESS.
Ignore Doge and NOK
they are bots and if you believe that those posts are for any purpose other than to pull you away from GME, you’re way too smooth brained and your gfs boyfriend isn’t giving her that sweet pounding
BUY AMC,BB AND NOK WHILE THEY ARE LOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Did Robinhood Drop GME?!
I can’t find it anywhere!
UBER lets go!
Doge
Copy and paste to FINRA, SEC, RH and the other cucks manipulating.
Click Here to file a complaint with the SEC.  Click Here to file a complaint wit with FINRA.  Click Here to file a complaint with Robinhood directly.  Robinhood Financial LLC 85 Willow Road Menlo Park, CA 94025 United States  This morning I, and millions of other retail investors, were blocked from purchasing (entering new buy orders) on the Robinhood platform, without notice. This clear example of market manipulation has forced the stock down from over $500 in after-hours to less than $300 as of this writing. Meanwhile, hedge fund interests are NOT blocked from buying the shares being traded and the lower price obviously benefits them.  We retail investors have followed all the rules and finally stood to gain a LITTLE bit from Wall St and they suddenly change the rules "to protect" us. I am requesting you use your subpoena power and regulatory authority to examine whether Robinhood colluded illegally with any other actors who may have held short positions on these stocks to reduce the number of buyers for $GME and therefore deflate the price. This is market manipulation.  info for form: Robinhood Financial LLC  Address: 85 Willow Road Menlo Park, CA 94025 United States
I’m not fucking selling
SOFI BUYING AVAILABLE FOR AMC/GME AS OF 9:10AM. To the MOOOOON!Referral link:
Where is everyone that decides to leave Robinhood going to go? Asking for myself
DON'T GIVE AN INCH Just because Robinhood is in bed with the citadel
Wondering if I should sell contract expiring friday today or tomorrow
This is the first time I've bought an option and don't want to fuck it up. Was hoping to sell contract and buy more gme stock.       🐒
So wtf happening with NOK
Why all of you selling
LETS GO!! SHOW THE WALL ST. GHOULS WE ARE IN CHARGE!!
BUY AMC
LETS DO THE SAME WITH AMC! BUY AMC!
A historic moment
Put in a buy for BB last night, and woke up to a message I canceled the order. What kind of horseshit is that? Fuck them.
They trying to stop SNDL
Robinhood is the official meatriders of 2021
TRADE REPUBLIC WORKS AGAIN GOGOGO $BB LAST CHANCE
$DOGE

Locked platforms
Robinhood and a friend just told me he’s completely locked out of Webull
AMC buy the dip
THE NEXT SQUEEZE TO BE SQUOZEN IS $SLV
I JUST YOLO'D MY ENTIRE PORTFOLIO INTO SLV OPTIONS! NOW DO YOUR PART!   Processing img 3ognk3ocb3e61...
Stop the Market Manipulation, let's knock down the ivory towers
Submit tips if you can
The real war is now on BB. We will fuck the sellers again
people outside of america looking for a good trading app/site check
idk if they give you anything but this is my referral
AMC TO THE MOON!
Robinhood blocking stocks and making them unreadable
"Citadel LLC is RH's market maker  guess who holds the most short positions in  $GME $AMC $NOK $BB  Citadel Advisors LLC  They’re trying to make a temporary market that is impossible for these securities to rise"
TGI TICKER TGI!🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥     We are just starting
TRIUMPH GROUP
DON'T STOP NOW
NOK NOK
OPTI - the next big thing?
Hi all,      Not sure how many of you have worked in penny stocks in past. I've only started getting into it because of a friend. The company I'm looking at os OPTI. It looks like a legit company that is going to do great things.      Anyone have any advice for working with penny stocks?     \- James
Let Robinhood know how you feel by leaving a review on the AppStore
We have the power here, I just left a 1 star review because of this bullshit. MAKE OUR VOICES HEARD AND HOLD!!!!!  🤲
PLTR !! if we can’t move BB move that
pls
Aaron Swartz finest moment.
Aaron built reddit for this kind of shit. Great job wallstreetbets on GME
My Biggest Issue is GME has 7bn in Revenue and only a 25B Mkt Cap. It's a good stock and now it's banned for no good reason.
I think that's what's is lost in all this u/DeepFuckingValue is a value investor, if you watch his Youtube 'Roaring Kitty' you see that he believes   this stock will be 2% of the 150BN gaming market   for a variety of completely solid reasons.   Sure it's blown up now. Sure it's got a lot of people who don't believe in the stock. But who gets to decide if we can trade this stock or not.  In Summary: We LIKE The STOCK
AMC to another universe shorts about to get deleted!!!!
$AMC
Wantawsan milyon! Gme!
DONT BUY NEW SHIT BUY NOK GME AMC BB
ROBINHOOD NEEDS TO STOP RESTRICTING OUR STOCK ACCOUNTS!!!
BB or NOK?????
Alternatives to Robinhood to buy GME?
For a noob starting out on this stuff, what service would your recommend I use to buy GME? Robinhood is lost to us so I'm sure this post will have some answers for more of us who want to get in on this post-Robinhood fuckery
GME @
AMC Buy and Hold Hold Hold
JUST KEEP BUYING GME
WE'RE GOING TO THE MOON WBS!!!!1
JanOne Stonk
Gonna invest a bit in JanOne and hope its gonna explode :3  wanna help me? :3
Call your local senator and house rep.
Please share your frustrations by politely calling your local congress person.  Let your voice be heard.
UK: Hargreaves Lansdowne says they’re only processing GME and US stocks at 500 orders at a time 🤬🤬🤬 what bullshit
IMTE 1 Million Share Float at 5$ Same Size Float as JAN ACY KOSS Ect Loaded with Shorts
IMTE 1 Million Share Float at 5$ Same Size Float as JAN ACY KOSS Ect  Loaded with Shorts
What do we buy next, guys?
Those using Robinhood, we are forced to sell, while firms can sell and buy back in.. market manipulation? Anyone?
Absolutely.
PUSH %AMC
PUSH %AMC BUY and HOLD
NOK to the moon boys
Anyone keen on ASX?
Rebranding for $GME? Diamond hands.
Wish I had position. But don’t.  Love all these diamond hands.  Heros.      I think GameStop, right now in the middle of this circus, should redesign their logo to a video game controller being held by DIAMOND HANDS.    Be pretty funny and awesome just to see them have some fun with it too.  What a ride.
AAL EVERYONE! ITS WORKING AGAIN
They are trying to stop GME but we won't let them!!!! So everyone just hold!!!!!    Meanwhile everyone going for AAL.  If they are just stopping us for one... we'll just do it again to another one.  It won't be stopped!!!  AAL EVERYONE.
Let me
Processing img ws8jczsab3e61...
DIAMOND HANDS TIL THE END
ROBBINHOOD ADMITS TO MARKET MANIPULATION!!! join us in reporting to SEC i want to buy my stocks!!
Been on Reddit for years, never got it... until now. Started buying $GME this morning, selling never  🤏 Let's go!
Just the beginning. Squeeze!!!!
Is Trade Republic down??
I am a simpleton with 4 kids and not any real cash to invest, but I love to see this keep going. Stick it to these fartknockers!
DO NOT SELL ONE FUCKING STOCK. BUY MORE IF YOU CAN. HOLD THE FUCKING LINE
THIS IS OUR CHANCE AS THE AVERAGE JOE TO STICK TO THE WALLSTREET FUCKS     $BB #NOK #AMC #GME TO THE NEXT DIMENSION
Go on the record with official complaints . Don't let them think they are getting away from this.
Hey fam,  One hell of a morning. I'm still holding GME, but I'm pissed and you should be too. This is a free market. We should be allowed to invest our money however we want too.  When people start making moves to limit how we invest our money, we have a major problem.  These guys are major market manipulators and we need to make sure they pay for their mistake. We need to deal with this problem in a official manner.  Time to teach these guys a lesson. You don't pick a fight with the internet.   This take like 5 mins to do. I recommend every retail investor to take the time to do this.  Wall Street Bets has laid it all out for you. Just need to submit the report. Do it!! Don't be a retard.  Robinhood Financial LLC   85 Willow Road Menlo Park, CA 94025 United States    FINRA (  CRD   \#165998)   First   to file a complaint with Robinhood directly.      to file a complaint with the SEC.      to file a complaint wit with FINRA.   Here is a copypasta that should be good enough:  "This morning (1/28/2021) I, and millions of other retail investors, were blocked from purchasing (entering new buy orders) on the Robinhood platform, without notice. This clear example of market manipulation has forced the stock down from over $500 in after-hours to less than $300 as of this writing. Meanwhile, hedge fund interests are NOT blocked from buying the shares being traded and the lower price obviously benefits them.  We retail investors have followed all the rules and finally stood to gain a LITTLE bit from Wall St and they suddenly change the rules "to protect" us. I am requesting you use your subpoena power and regulatory authority to examine whether Robinhood colluded illegally with any other actors who may have held short positions on these stocks to reduce the number of buyers for $GME and therefore deflate the price. This is market manipulation.  Please take affirmative and direct action."  Don't let them walk over us. Show them that we can beat them at their own game.  HOLD GME AND MAKE THEM PAY OUT THEIR BILLIONS TO US!
Doge
Doge to the moon!!     🌕🌕🌕🌕
Short Sellers: You Only Have Yourselves to Blame
Hi Shorts,  You guys really need to stop acting like the millions of everyday retail investors who bought GME, AMC, and others are evil monsters.   Because the fact remains that what happened this week was ENTIRELY YOUR OWN FAULT.  FIRST:  What kind of insane idiots short a stock 138%.   Really guys?   That is like eating a sandwich and then saying "Fuck it" and then proceeding to eat your own hand because it was nearby.   How many stocks are there out there? You could've shorted any other stock.   But noooo lets keep shorting GME.   This is your fault.  SECOND:  How many fucking warnings did you need?   WSB is not some secret cabal of anarchists. It's a fucking public message board used by millions of average ordinary people. Literally ANYONE could go on reddit and see that people have been talking about how GME was undervalued and over shorted since LAST MARCH.   But did you guys close your positions then?   Nope.   What about when Ryan Cohen wrote his letter to the board?   Or when he joined the board?   Or any of the hundreds of moments over the last year discussed ad nauseum on this board?   Did you close your positions then?   Nope.  If this stock had not been shorted to the depths of Hades would the stock still have been undervalued?   Yes.   Would it have shot up to $300?   No.  GME would’ve still been a great investment, and buying at $3 would’ve yielded a 10x return.   Baller.  But you idiots shorted that thing to the core of the god damn earth.  So if you are looking for someone to blame, go to the bathroom and look in the mirror you use to apply your clown make-up in the morning.   That person in the mirror is who to blame.  If you are looking for the government to create legislation to prevent this from happening again, that legislation should make institutional short selling illegal.  The short sellers are the monsters.  Stop gambling with people’s retirement funds.   If they wanted to gamble they would be here on WSB scouring memes for stock tips.  IN SUMMATION:  Fuck the shorts.   You guys are and have been irresponsible, malicious, and smug.   You have made your own bed.   Now for the love of god fuck off and shut the fuck up.
Uh hello?
I’m new to all this, well not that new can someone tell me what do you guys use to you know buy stocks
Been a long time lurker because I couldn’t contribute. This week I was able to contribute
I couldn’t afford when GME was 80, but when you all said buy BB, AMC, NOK, and NAKD. I contributed as much as I could as college student
SNDL Buy and Hold ~
!!! CHAMATH, Please open your own trading platform & I guarantee all of us that just got screwed over by RH & other trading platforms that are manipulating the market today will come aboard!🙏
Wall street bets is getting shutdown.  Less gooooooooo  PREMIUM STREET BETS-      This is some bullshit what Robinhood is doing today locking us out from buying stocks! I for one will be taking my money out & finding a different platform to trade in that believes in free & open capitalism. Shame on you Robinhood for bowing down to the hedge funds & screwing over all the retail investors that supported your platform since you came into existence! 🖕🤬🖕  Chamath, I hope you're out there reading this! Your interview yesterday on CNBC really struck a chord with all of us here. Thanks for sticking up for the little guy! You're the fuckin' man!!!
NCTY NCTY
But buy buy
For the eighth consecutive year, GameStop earns 100 on the Human Rights   Foundation’s annual assessment of LGBTQ workplace equality index
EXPR so dead rn
TO THE MOON
OMG BUY EXPR NOW!!
Buy the dip then let’s take to the moon
Now I know why it's called Game STOP
Get it?  Cause they keep getting halted   Anyway 370 is a fucking steal at this point
JUST BECAUSE YOU CAN’T BUY MORE DOESN’T MEAN YOU HAVE TO SELL!
The short need you to sell so they can buy at a lower price and save their asses.   Keep holding and the price will keep going up!
Robinhood removed GME, NOK AND BB. They’ve locked Doge. I call BS. We need to boycott RH. I’m removing all assets and going to Webull or elsewhere!
Merril account blocking GME - sad
New Stock Broker Referals
QUESTRADE works just fine
I am currently using that broker and it is working perfectly for AMC, GME, BB, etc   LETS GOOOO BUY BUY BUY TO THE MOOOON
Can’t even buy doge on RH, did they shut everything down?
We're the sailors, and we're NOT sinking our OWN ship!!! HODL GANG WYA?
Hold or die  , it is what it is. These rich mdfs just declared war to us! Let's give them what they deserve; I cannot open trades anymore, but stonks only go up. TO THE FCKING MOOOOOOOOON AND BEYOND     . GME &   NOTHING ELSE       I'll tell about this BIG lecture in history to my children and grandchildren! We just made history bois, and   I'M PROUD OF Y'ALL!   CNBC talking about us, Papa Chamath talking about us, THE RICHEST MF IN THE PLANET TALKING ABOUT US. We can't disappoint them now, look how far we've come. Enjoy the ride kids, buckle up! It's going to be a bumpy one     GME $1k
FIDELITY! FUCK ROBINHOOD
USE FIDELITY! YOU CAN STILL TRADE ON THERE!
We briefly crossed a crossed a milestone price of $  that many WSB white papers were pointing to earlier this week. New DD pointing towards $1,  as the new price target.
Hold the line!!!!  This is not financial advice. Is there a tendies emoji?
Naked
Can't believe naked Dropped so fast it's unreal
This is COLLUSION from the trading platforms locking us out and hedge funds using the market as a casino. Stay strong and hold   🏻
We like the stock
Crypto you Retards, DUHHHH
Load the boat on DOGECOIN! Lets get it to $100+👀👀👀
Now they’re blocking doge coin!
How is it legal for them to do this? who’s getting the ball rolling on the lawsuit?
Why don’t we CREATE OUR OWN BROKERAGE
Hello y’all! Thank you for your time if you decide to read this, I have thrown every dollar into GME possible before they stopped letting buy. I’m also long time lurker and made an account just now.  In light of them stopping us from buying, is it possible for us to create our own brokerage?  I mean the people who made Robinhood did, so why not us?   We clearly shown the world that positive vibes will GO STRAIGHT TO THE MOON    . Just a thought, for now but enough logic talk fellow apes.  HOLD THE LINE!!!!!🚧🚧, WE LIKE THE STOCK🗿🗿🗿!!!!, I LOVE ALL Y’ALL AND YOU GIVE ME HOPE IN HUMANITY🤙🤙🤙!!!!!. WE ARE DOING IT! !!!!!$!$!$!$!$!   SINCERELY SIGNED 医者Ritz, & WE THE PEOPLE
Is this real ??
The irony of Robinhood
Newbie Question with GME & AMC
Hello my fellow retards, today I opened an account with Robinhood to dunk on the boomers with GME and AMC and alas my requests were denied, however I successfully bought SNDL. My questions is, since I’ve uploaded ~$570 (and an additional ~$95 for SNDL which went through) to put into GME and AMC, which bounced like everyone else’s, would I be able to immediately withdraw that $570 once it uploads to RH? It has yet to be withdrawn from my bank
What if we all voted Robinhood 1-star on the app store and got it removed... haha jk... unless?
I was able to buy GME with E Trade, but only via the mobile app. Web interface was a no go... dunno why
STOP SELLING AMC!!!
Hold AMC!!
Does anyone know more about this??
Nok
Why isn’t Nok moving
AMC
We need everyone! Stop spreading thin
REVOLUT app for GME shares
Used this app all went through smoothly don't let these RH thief's steal this opportunity away from YOU!         › app › revolut Web results ‎Revolut on the App Store - Apple
Buy
Sell and buy most aggressive                 🍺🍺🍺
IRONY: An app called Robinhood screwing over the little guy to help rich get their $$$ back
Robinhood today
Fidelity. bb/nok dipping?
Gme going up. Can't buy. Fidelity won't give a bid. Y is bb and nok going down.
PLEASE READ
Just so we’re all on the same page. Hold GME, BB, NOK, AMC. Buy as much as possible, but we also taking DOGE to the moon. Strap up boys, it’s time to get grimey.
RH gonna block some stonks? I’m gonna buy the dip!
RobinHood, who was named after a character who stole from the rich and gave to the poor decided to reverse that philosophy by manipulating the market for the good of their huge hedge funds they serve. Well I’ve got another trading platform so I’m buying that dip and switching my stonks over. F RH.  55 more BB stonks this morning, 500 overall. Plus, NOK, PLTR and others.
Robbinhood
Robbinhood took off Nokia Amc Bb Gamestop and Xpress    😭😭😭
Doing my part
Robin Hood is doing some shady shit
The simplest explanation of what is going on right now. I'll let you figure out who the snake is.   Hold strong Apes!!
Lets 1 star robinhood on all download stores.
Lets all go go leaves horrible reviews and redirect fellow autist to a more trusted source. Robinhood loves replying on the Google play store. Let's give them something to read.
ROBINHOOD FREAKIN SUCKS, MOVE TO PUBLIC!!!
It’s a new trading platform with social element. Follow friends, savvy investors, form groups and chats! Wall Street thinks they have all the access to information, fuck that! Power to the people!  Join me here -
DOGESUPREMACY BOYS
imagine not having both GME so you can bankrupt millionaire trust fund babies, and DOGE for tendies
Nakd?
Hold or sell ?
So RH is stopping people from buying stocks we're talking about. Unrelated, how y'all feel about SPY rn?
Let's goo!! GME to the moon and stonk!!
r/pennystocks can go fuck themselves! lets make Wallstreet bleed!
the moderators on penny stocks are huge pussies! kicked me out for trying to gas up GME and AMC! They can't stop us! Fuck these wallstreet fuckers! lets all make them broke!
An editor of Business Insider is with us! Hold your lines!
Robinhood better fix itself before we fix the system!
Robinhood just removed GME from its search results.
$BB and $NOK to the FUCKING MOON
Good News?
TELL EVERYONE YOU KNOW BUY CTRM THIS ONE IS THE NEW GME!!!!!    LETS FCK THE HEDGEFUNDS
Let's be honest: THIS IS STRAIGHT-UP THEFT
The market is being manipulated to drive down the prices of stocks that were over-shorted by hedge funds. This is to help these hedge fuckers to get out of their positions and they are doing this by STEALING MONEY FROM YOU AND ME.   By artificially lowering the prices by removing the ability of retail investors to buy, they drive the stock down so they can get out of their shorts. This means, OUR POSITIONS ARE BEING PILLAGED TO PAY FOR THESE HEDGE FUNDS BAD SHORTS!  This is fucking THEFT and there is no other way to describe it.
Robinhood Users: I Read the Customer Agreement We All Accepted. Be Careful
From the    >16. Restrictions on Trading. I understand that Robinhood may, in its discretion, prohibit or restrict the trading of securities, or the substitution of securities, in any of My Accounts. I understand that Robinhood may execute all orders by Me on any exchange or market, unless I specifically instruct Robinhood to the contrary. In the event of a breach or default by Me under this Agreement, Robinhood shall have all rights and remedies available to a secured creditor under all applicable laws and in addition to the rights and remedies provided herein. I understand that Robinhood may at any time, at its sole discretion and without prior notice to Me: (i) prohibit or restrict My access to the use of the App or the Website or related services and My ability to trade, (ii) refuse to accept any of My transactions, (iii) refuse to execute any of My transactions, or (iv) terminate My Account. The closing of My Account will not affect the rights or obligations of either party incurred prior to the date My Account is closed.    >   >Further, Robinhood will not tolerate any foul or abusive language, physical violence, threatening behavior, or other inappropriate conduct directed toward Robinhood, its Affiliates' officers, employees, contractors or customers. If I engage in any such behavior, as determined by Robinhood in its sole discretion, I agree that Robinhood is authorized to: (i) liquidate any securities, instruments or other property in My Account, (ii) send Me the proceeds, and (iii) close My account. Robinhood will not be responsible for any Losses caused by the liquidation of securities, instruments or other property pursuant to this paragraph, including any tax liabilities.
NAKD, should I buy?
We did it bois! GME to the moon!!!
RR rolls Royce?

DOGE coin   it replace/compete with BTC
Elon Musk promoted DOGE coin in a tweet on December 20 and there was subsequent speculation he may become their CEO at some point. That may have been put to rest since then. But DOGE jumped in price today doubling to $  At this price everyone can get in and have a true second chance to be part of something similar to BTC.
You inglorious GENIUSES!!!!
Get it get it get it!!!!! I missed the ride to the moon but I’m enjoying the fireworks! Finally Wallstreet gets a taste of their own 🍆!
They got to sundial to
sundial was my back up back up but they've canceled it on robinhood as well
DogeCoin
EVERYONE BUY DOGECOIN NOW. IN THE SPAN OF 30 MINUTES IT HAS INCREASED AN UNBELIEVABLE AMOUNT
DONT SELL! IT’S WHAT THEY WANT
Hi. What's the next stock?
$CVM My only thing left.
I doubled my money yesterday on this. I also bought GME. And was planning on getting the others today but Robin Hood didn’t live up to its name(steal from rich and give to the poor). $CVM is the only thing I’m able to trade today fingers crossed.
BUY THE GME DIP
Now is the time to get involved
BUYING OPPORTUNITY.... CASHAPP is allowing to buy amc!!! 💪🏼
What's the RH alternative.
I'm gonna cash everything out of robin hood and use a dif app to put everything in GME NOK and AMC, everything  I have!
KEEP BUYING SNDL KEEP IT UP BOYS
It’s gonna go back up if you want back on the 2nd wave!!!
Doge to the moon
They may halt our gme but they can’t halt the DOGE
We are pumping CTRM, NOK, AMC, BB, NAKD right?
I bought into them today bc I saw that's what we are buying and I have gained quite a bit so far
Acst looking good!!
Acst looking like the next one! should be over $1 soon
Posted this on Robinhood’s iOS App Store fkin assholes!!
NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA
YOU HEARD ME, DO IT NOW! ALL IN!
Hold GME don't let the fat cats get to you, your making history
China's internet stocks are where US tech was before Covid (institutional research)
Hi there,  This is a great overview of China's internet sector with lots of exclusive data from institutional research:
GAMESTOP STOCK SUSPENDED ON WEBULL
HELP IM TRYING TO BUY MORE GME! PLEASE WHAT BROKERAGE CAN I TRANSFER FROM ROBINHOOD TO THAT WILL HAVE MY ASSETS/FUND AVAILABLE IMMEDIATELY? Thank you AS IM BUYING MORE GME THERE
What brokerage lets your account trade immediately after transferring?
ATHX   is starting to pop

HOLD Brains!!! YOU LIKE THE STOCK AND SO DO I!
Last week I started with my last bit of money I have nothing to lose!
I had 325 last week I now have over 8 GRAND. Im not selling shit. Im gonna ride these 20 shares till  I reach 1 million
$  WALL IS FUNNY BUT SERIOUSLY CANCEL YOUR LIMITS
BUY THRM!! COVID TESTING! SHORT THE SHORTS
BUY, BUY, BUY!!!   Ticker THRM
ROBINHOOD SHUT DOWN USE ETRADE OR FIDELITY APP
You can no longer trade GME or amc on Robinhood or Webull you can on etrade and fidelity
Some list of market manipulation today seen on eToro
Hello my fellow retards,      Today, as $GME continues it's travel to Andromeda at the speed of light, some penny stocks just surged from nowhere.    It is clearly market manipulation to distract us from $GME.   Here is some list:    $SHIP   $ADMP   $GSAT    Dogecoin  Don't let them distract us from our beloved Gamestop.
DOGE TO THE MOON
SLV EVERYONE!!!!!!
Sweden's most shorted share
FING B. the shorts are buying back now! join
Where are my   🏻 AMC brothers
Were in it to win it $20+ by the end of the day
JAGX being fucked by shorts
Psychedelic anti-depressants  Curing #1 symptom among COVID long haulers & cancer patients: diarrhea  SPAC merger.... and shorts rake us over coals. BUY THE ASK AND JOIN THE SQUEEZE, please
THIS IS THE WAY FORWARD PEOPLE ➡️
Bb
Grand in on the low BB to the top first one!!! Hope it does well
NAKD ONLY 2,3$ BUY NOW!!!!!!!!
75%   BEST NOW!!
I wanna buy some stonks but I'm poor. Thrilled for everyone crushing it right now! GO TEAM GO!
$NotAPremiumSnapchat <3
$SNDL Removed from Robinhood
stop selling grow some balls!!!
Processing img uqpkn73tb3e61...
NAKD IS UP OVER 60% TODAY
American Airlines
Showing them we can do anything!
Awe is Robinhood sowwy yet?
DONT LET AMC AND BB FALL
Keep buying we can’t let the hedge funders win
BOYCOTT ROBINHOOD AND BUY GME
It may not be today, it may not be tomorrow, but let's make Robinhood pay for this. Make a plan to remove all your money from RH. BUY AND HOLD GME.
They have stopped trading for DOGE TOOOOOO
Damn got on this mad late! And now I can’t get in because of RH. What’s the next stock?
Will SPCE be used to fuck the big boys next?
The second most shorted stock out there is Virgin Space SPCE. Do we think similar will happen there once we're done with GME?   Also, anyone else think you should have an account at least one year old to be allowed to post on this sub? At least temporarily anyway.  Gotta go, my wife's boyfriend needs me to walk his dog. Stay beautiful you autistic cunts
EVERYONE LOOK AT DOGE COIN
TOGETHER
Together we hold! Together we prosper!  Together we win!  Together evil will be defeated! Keyword is together! So think of all your brothers and sisters. Hold motherfucker hold
Help
Are my funds stuck on RH? Is there a way to transfer to other app? What other platforms can we still buy on?
URGENT MUST READ... REGARDING TESLA
can we please get DOGE to $10....... I will buy a cyber truck.... THEN WE BUY TESLA STOCK  AND THEN WE ALL WILL BUY A TESLA TRUCKs  u/BIGBOYELONMUSK \#PUSHHHHHHHHH
HOLD BB + NOK
DO NOT SELL!! BIG BOUNCE BACK LATER TODAY
Only GME and AMC - nothing else matters !
Hold.
Be this strong....
PSA: eTrade still allows purchase of GME, AMC, NOK, and everything.
AAL Flight to the moon!
(Just went all in on AAL, can't wait to see how high this one will go!)
1 STAR ROBINHOOD
1 star in robinhood, company doesn't believe in the free market
ASSEMBLE!!
Where is the Avengers? For AMC We crash them!!
ETRADE blocking buying on GME
STOP SELLING
We need to stay up on the wheel, stop selling!
QUALCOMM
LETS PUSH QUALCOMM NEXT SPREAD THE PROSPERITY THROUGH SEVERAL STOCKS
Not presently related to the current events, but DOGE is going to the moon too right now!
I know its not GME but Rolls-Royce is going to be doing an electric vehicle
TURN THE TABLES
Liquidate every other stock in robinhood and make them bleed from the other end....🤔
From the UK and our trading 212 platform has banned us from buying GME AMC this deserves class action law suit
Fuck the men in suits fuck the system fuck hedge funds!
These brokers allow buying
Webull  Td ameritrade  Schwab  If you know of more or if ive made a mistake please comment below and i will update
HOLY F’ing BUYING OPPORTUNITY BATMAN
If you aren’t buying AMC on this dip, you have no business on the moon with us!!!  Let’s goooooooo!!!
Elon did mention DOGE.
Go against the SEC
Given the recent events with regards to the SEC talking about shutting down the WSB subreddit, and halting trading of GME so hedge funds could adjust their short positions before losing even more money, I think we should all unite and go against the SEC, and I think that the perfect way to do so is buying the cryptocurrency called XRP.  I'll tell you why I think this the best way: on the 21st of December of 2020, one day before Chairman Jay Clayton left the SEC, they filed a lawsuit against Ripple Labs., a company created after the coin (XRP) was created back in 2012, to help make XRP usage worldwide. In their lawsuit, they alleged that Ripple sold, and continues to sell, unregistered securities, aka XRP. They had almost 8 years to do so, they could've, and should've, "protected" investors in those years. After these news, XRP's price fell from around $  to as low as $ , which hurt investors worldwide. The lawsuit has been reviewed by a lot of lawyers, and all of them agree that the SEC has no ground to stand on, their case will fall apart.     \_P\_A/status/1342518861619482624?s=20   \_P\_A/status/1346245453625630721?s=20  But, in the meantime, they're artificially suppressing the price. Exchanges halted XRP trading, others have delisted it.  If you want to buy XRP and go against SEC's stupidity and market manipulation, you can buy XRP on Uphold or Bitrue.
I think it would help the GME if we could regularly see how much hedge funds are loosing right now
I don’t know anything; I’m just some broke noobie retard that hopped on the gravy train this week with minimal funds to feel like I’m a part of it.   But, i think a lot of us would appreciate if there were semi-regular posts in some way pertaining to how much hedge fund crooks are loosing: how high short interest rates are, who’s taking the biggest hit, etc. I also think that would help the stonk.   That’s all, keep it goin!
Natural Gas ⛽️
Let’s send SWN Energy to the moon next!!!!! 🔥🔥   Trading at $  now!!!!!
T212 connection issues
Can't even login to T212 at the moment, been trying for nearly an hour!
Totally illegal?!?
Is what Robinhood is doing not completely illegal?!?!  I am concerned I need to pull all my investments out from everything on there.  They are totally stacking this. :(
Hold the f’n line and buy the dip that is coming. Mid day has been the worst performance for the stock. Buy this upcoming dip. Fuck robinhood.
Buy the impending dip. I’m not fucking leaving!!!!!     Not financial advice.
$NAKD 📈📈📈 Diamond
S ck my tiny d ck RobinHood
Can We get AMC to the moon
Trading 212 (biggest broker in the UK) claims their buy restrictions are being enforced by "every major execution venue worldwide".
You get what you fucking deserve
HOW DO WE BUY!? Blocked on Robinhood, Interactive Brokers, does the API work?? IB is still allowing options trading. BUY ITM CALLS
Title says it all. Blocked on every god damn trading platform, we need to figure out a way to BUY. Can any algo traders check if Robinhood's API is working?? Is it only the search functionality removed?     IB didn't block options trading, so BUY ITM CALLS AND EXERCISE EXERCISE EXERCISE
ROBINHOOD & INTERACTIVE BROKERS ARE SUCKS
They are blocked GME. In this reason I think no more ideas to use these brokers.   I go to Tiger Brokers (tigr) Chinese is safe place now!
SO WEBULL WANTS TO SILENCE PEOPLE I SEE? THE SCREENSHOT WITH MY CHAT WAS TAKEN FIRST! They’ve since opened chatting again I saw
DOGE doing a checking jump.
YOU CAN NO LONGER BUY GAMESTOP, AMC, NOKIA, NAKED, ETC. ON ROBINHOOD. YOU CAN STILL BUY SUNDIAL BABY 🛸
Doge up 200%!!    invest!!
Pump doge!
IF YOU THINK WHAT THESE BROKERS ARE DOING IS BULLSHIT REALIZE THAT OUR ENEMY HOLDS ONLY ~26B IN MARKET VALUE IMAGINE WHAT WOULD HAPPEN IF THIS WAS AN ACTUAL BIG TIME PLAYER
26 billion dollars is a lot of money!!! Except, not really. The key here is to realize that Melvin is honestly a pretty small hedge fund in the grand scheme of things. Yet when we call their on shorts every major broker makes trading 10x harder, some removing the option to trade at all. Could you imagine what would happen if we were dealing with a more established fund like Berkshire, or Vangaurd? These mother fuckers want us to be broke for the rest of our lives while they collect billions in proceeds through the means of market manipulation, and making money off the back of other companies failures. Fuck that, and fuck them. Today, we make the money. Today, it’s their failure, that becomes our profit. HOLD THE FUCKING LINE. IF THIS SHIT AINT 5K WHY ARE YOU SELLING?
$NAKD to the mooon! Stoch indicators in climb! To 15$ at least.
ETRADE FUCKING PAUSED GME
FUCKING SLIMY HEDGE FUND FUCKS
Don’t just sit there, file a COMPLAINT WITH FINRA. We have done our part by buying GME, now let’s do our part by checking if the regulatory agencies WORK.
Please don’t remove this post mods.   Fellow autist, don’t succumb to Twitter call outs, etc... Below is the right process to follow in order to get the right attention on what’s going on.  We have won the battle, now let’s WIN THE WAR.
DO NOT SURRENDER! AMC AMC AMC
DO NOT SURRENDER! AMC AMC AMC
NAKD?
Can’t deny it’s a good start. What do you guys think?
There's actually an ETF with the ticker MOON.
in "to the..."
Bbbbbbbbb
Bb is low, buy it. To the moon
Stop selling!! BUY LOW AND GET 🍗🍗🍗. All of the four put money in not out we are strong together!!
BUY AND HOLD THAT IS ALL
NAKD
Sad
我是中国个人投资者我为你们感到兴奋
I am a Chinese individual investor. I saw the news of your victory against short-selling institutions in China News. I am very excited and happy for you.     Gives me great confidence in investment!     This is a blockchain project that I am optimistic about. I hope to get everyone's support. Actively participate in crowdfunding to make the project a complete success. Thank you all.     UNIF receive airdrop:   in your im wallet to receive the airdrop     Airdrop instructions• The total amount of UNIF is 500,000, the number of UNIF airdrops is 100,000, the total number of crowdfunding plans is 290,000, and the market circulation is 390,000. The team only holds 1,000, achieving a win-win situation with   will end the airdrop on December 15, 2021, issue tokens, and launch Uniswap decentralized exchange     eth crowdfunding address: 0x2c040f4dA2e6e47C3784C2675e7Aa47A9a4C0aDe
NOK is back on Robinhood
I set a limit order for 750, got bought at 300. telling me there is no liquidity from 750 to 300???
How is that allowed? absolute crooks, or am i just slow.
Doge coin error. Anyone else having trouble buying doge coin?
After todays knife of RobinHood, bitcoin maximalists joined the pack of $GME, price won't fall
SNDL
Let’s do this!
USE CASHAPP TO BUY GME, AMC, NOK
Cashapp is letting you buy these restricted stocks, its buggy but it works
BUY NAKD
CHEAP STOCK, BUY NOW MAKE GAIN, NOT BLOCKED ON TRADING 212 or ROBINHOOD FOR NOW
Alert
Unusual bearish option trading on Nokia and Boeing this morning. The thieves are betting against us. Buy, buy, buy!
NBC snapchat article about WSB  they know that they know nothing
Oh boy, 10:15, time for our third short attack
Look at my post history. They're getting desperate. These are calculated attacks by the hedge funds. Don't get scared!
ASKE big
Aske good shorts bad
HOLD GME
We’re going to the moon
NOK CALLING FOR BACKUP
BLESS THE RETARD WITH THE FIVE TENDY SUPPORT WALL  GET IN HERE YOU APES WE HAVE     TO SLAY
RATE ROBINHOOD TO 1 STAR ON THE APP STORE
BURN THEM TO THE GROUND BOYS
Set up a stop loss order last night just in case at 12. I tried to stop it at 9:57 am. would have just bought it back. Bullshit!!!!!
Cant even buy NOK or AMC
robinhood blocked it and etraders haulted new accounts
TD Ameritrade is having “technical issues”
We did it
Hold strong! Just joined for another 10k this morning!
FUCK I CAN'T BUY
Webull down for me, ameritrade new user 4 business days cuck wait, robinhood being shitters, lord have mercy
Shouldve listened. DOGE to the fucking moon
You cant buy GME OR NOK on Robinhood!
Idk if anyone else is having this issue but when I try to search up GME nothing shows up and when I go to my list I created and look at NOK it says "this stock is not supported by robinhood". I assuming its Robinhood way of trying to stop us from getting to the moon     . Any other way I can get GME?
The NEW Occupy Wall Street
Power to THE PEOPLE!  Stay strong Boys!
Doge
Doge!!!
"You either die a hero, or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain"
Hitchhiking to the Moon
How and where to participate in the promotion? Now I hold BBY, I was not in the subject, I went blind, but I heard about the action. I will be happy to join the wave. Thanks)
Donating gains
I'm expecting this post to get buried immediately but I wanted to share a charity I've given to in the past,  . It's an organization that lets you give directly to individual people or families at risk of eviction, medical bankruptcy, etc. If you're looking to donate your gains I highly recommend checking this place out.  Also, Citron can please kindly eat my entire ass. Keep holding!!!!
GME steady as she goes boy
TRADE REPUBLIC WORKS WITH $BB AGAIN. LETS SEND IT TO THE MOON
I
I’ve been Cut off from everything! Fuck it! “Build a bear” to the fucking moon it is
If nobody is able to buy GME how will a squeeze work?
How is what is happening right now even allowed?  If nobody can buy then how can we work to keep moving it up?
Rip to Robinhood (peep the bottom)
Doge coin and Black Berry!!!!
Hold strong!
They want you to be a slave
We are making history they don't want.  They want you to punch a clock.  Hold!
When are we naming GME board members?
Work it out amongst yourselves boys. We got 25 billion bucks to play around with with if we all stick by. Let's open an exchange lmao start listing companies.
You crazy people hit the mark! Keep it going!     GME     Can’t stop! Won’t stop! Let’s go!!!
Congressional Hearing incoming?
GME panic selling noobs when it hits $1000 on Monday
ROBINHOOD ALLOWED CTRM PURCHASE
Help i am new
Hello, i heard what you guys did with gamestop and i want to join you too. Is it possible or am i too late to make dome money ?
Entire eco system is mad coz of outsider trading
So within 48hrs they get govt, stock exchanges, trading platforms, brokers to be on their side. Yet none of them couldn't do anything in 2008.
Ally Bank is not showing investing within its app!
Not sure if this is a technical glitch? Or on purpose? Or   AF
Something fishy is going on. Price dropped from 420+ to $370 and GME was suspended the third time. Don’t fold! They are pulling their aces. HOLD
WSB made Robinhood
Robinhood wouldn’t be shit withOUT WSB. We can make them not be shit again!!
Robinhood keeps taking stuff off!
What should all hit now that sundial, amc, GameStop is off?
Monke Strong. Dogecoin to $1. Fuck em.
AMC ON ETRADE?
Looks like webull just suspended gme. So much for a free market.
Nok? Whats the word?
What do you guys think about nok and AMC should I buy in?
HOLD HOLD HOLD $AMC $NOK
We needa hold the line
Need help deciding on a stock
Hi new to the stock market and I wanted to join in on the chaos. I have $250 I can spend, Andy suggestions on where to start?
Brokers where you can buy $AMC and $GME
I saw lots of you folks are having problems with Robinhood so I made a list of brokers where you can still buy the hot stocks. I'm recommending the following after I've read hundreds of opinions today, there might be other too:     1)   TradeStation Global   \- it works perfectly, still it could take some days to get your account approved.   I'm using it and I'm very satisfied with their fees  As I've seen there is no fee for pre- and after-market.     2)   CashApp  , +: the deposit is instant and you can buy the f stonks     3)   WeBull  : so far I understand it works fine and yet they allow us to buy whatever we want, when you want  Let's continue this freaking short squeeze !!!!  Links:
PUT IN THOSE BUY ORDERS ON THIS HALT!!
ONLY GOING UP FROM HERE!!
$BB IS LOW, TIME TO BUY THE DIP AND FILL UP FOR A JOURNEY TO THE MOON.
LOOK AT ME GENTLEMEN, WE STAND ON THE PRECIPICE OF SOMETHING GREAT.  BB IS DOWN AROUND 27%, WHICH GIVES US A UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY TO MOON IT BOYS. LOOK NOT INTO AMC OR SDNL TO SHOOT TO THE HEAVENS.   BET IT ALL ON BLACK(BERRY) TO DINE IN ODIN’S HALL, WHERE HE HAS LAID OUT A GLORIOUS TENDIE SPREAD FOR US ALL.
OPGN - $2 now ROCKET to $40+
This stock will go to $40+ and here’s why...   Opgen inc has been waiting on their prized AMR GENE PANEL to get approved by FDA. Ceo finally says they expect clearance this quarter. This new development will tell you if your body will reject antibiotics as it’s an antibiotic resistance detector using blood isolates. There is nothing like it!   Sitting at $50 mil market cap, I expect this to hit 1 bil market cap, being its a 6 billion dollar a year market.   With a buyout, I expect more then $40 a share ofcourse.   Ex ceo is majority shareholder through his own investment company JVEN CAPITAL.   Do due diligence and happy investing!   Oh yeah, there’s a 22mil float so this puppy will fly when it does!
Fuck robinhood
Thanks for the Advice    - Hopped on the Rocket Just In Time
SUNDIAL BUY AND HOLD ASAP
We're only on episode 5. You know how it ends if we pull through. Just because its the only button left does not mean you sell. HOLD THE LINE.
Laughs at Hedgefondmanagers
NOKIAS NEXT
ALL INTO NOKIA BOYS ITS GOING UP, ITLL BE OUR NEXT PUMP
Fuck Robinhood
Buy and HOLD BB you degenerates
BUY BB. SO GOOD PRICE ATM. HURRY UP!
Stop focusing on Doge and others. HELP BB OUT NOW GUYS. TO THE MOON
GME
it is a pity that we are in Russia can not buy shares GME(
Report your Brokerage at this link, Robinhood CRD#165998 TD CRD#7870
Such bullshit, not even on top 100 list
‼️GHSI‼️DONT SELL YET BUT THEY CANT BLOCK EVERY STOCK OUT THERE! MOVE ON TO THE NEXT! FUCK THE HEDGE FUND HOES
AMC! AMC! AMC!
HOLD!!
Stay the course
Kept my buy orders open and jumped in this morning, NOK, AMC - down 20+% f'em;  i'm staying the course.
MM Playing stop and hold
2 X's today activity stopped on GME.
Found a cryptocurrency that was manipulated by institutions for short selling, Bitcoinsv
$GSAT=$NOK
Next 5G play shorts are holding it down.... you guys know what to do 📈
It's what war is, ya know?
Robinhood is backed by Citadel
Citadel is going to lose billions, being one of the investment firms that shorted $GME.  Robinhood’s liquidity and cash flow to cover trades on their platform is backed by Citadel. So to help protect Citadel, Robinhood has halted buying of these meme stocks and only allows selling to try and get the market over saturated with $GME shares with no buyers. How is this not illegal?
Couldn't buy GME   but that won't stop me
Just got AMC as my first stock ever, let's go!!!
best app for instant investment?
SoFi doesnt give instant, Fidelity shows I have cash available but wont put a buy thru. Webull on 3 day verify  WHERE CAN I BUY RIGHT NOW INSTANTLY
For those looking for a new stock
Immr is going all the way up
Class Action
RH is blocking my buys. Contacted an attorney. We need to organize. When I hear back, I’ll update with what we need to do.
GME Trading halted?
Everyone Needs to 1 Star Robinhood on all AppStores!
Those bastards gotta know we will not stand for this!  Make them pay with their wallets just like they just did to us! #DownWithRobinhood #WolfInSheepsClothing #TraitorTraders
NOKCHADS, HOLD
Keep up the work, you Gods among men.
Etoro is allowing to buy GME still
I am doing my part, let's keep doing this
FUCK ROBINHOOD 2021
Today I would like to officially say FUCK ROBINHOOD
What they really mean is they wanted to stop the free market to save their own asses
Was unable to sell any of my Nokia call options at open for like 5 minutes...
Sue?
They made it look like I canceled the order , anyone else ?
Sold my NOK and BB on market to YOLO my poor ass on the GME wagon. $.18 in the bank account and my only regret is I didn’t jump in sooner. Degenerate at heart but will be  in 🤲. If these 8 shares get me to 100K I’ll get a WSB rocket tattoo. To the fucking
Merrill Lynch is also blocking new purchases of GME
are they delaying the numbers at 10:17 for anyone else?
what’s happening??
CASHAPP Finally Let me buy NOK! USE CASHAPP
Cash app is working. Use that if you can’t get through on Robin Hood
RobinHood sold for me when I wanted to buy. I never put a sell order in. They said they didn’t support GME and sold for me at $270 when the price was almost $400. I have complained to the SEC, what else can I do?
Help !!
NOK is crashing... should I dump it ??
Nok and AMC Hold rebuy
AMC is tanking. We Holding this or not?!?!
BUY NOK AND NAKD!
TODAY IS THEIR DAY, BUY NOK AND NAKD!!!!!!!!! Upvote
THE ROBINHOOD STORY IS ABOUT TAKKNG MONEY FROM THE RICH AND GIVING IT TO THE POOR BUT THE IRL ROBINHOOD IS DOING THE OPPOSITE
Fuck robinhood.
RH still has AMC in top 100, find it and buy!
Processing img crb8r52vb3e61...
GME calls early exercise? 🤔
What If everyone exercised their gme calls now (meaning not just the ones expiring this week) wouldn’t that catch the shorters by surprise and force them to make a mad dash to get all the shares for the exercise and cause crazy chaos? They wouldn’t be expecting something like a March call to be exercised now and would be totally caught off guard.     would be majorly fuk.  Thoughts?
Too much love
XLM!!!! LFGGGGGGG
I TRIPLE DOG DARE. STELLAR LUMENS XLM.
GME No Longer Shows Up in Robinhood Search
I’m not selling, but explain to me how one can close out an option if no one is allowed to buy it on the other side?
Get NOK Nokia ADR bought
They’re forcing Nokia down hard get it bought
Degiro for AMC, GME, or NBGL?
Hey guys! I just saw the shit robinhood pulled! Is anyone else using Degiro? I was planning to buy NAKD shares on it. Any thoughts! Viva la revolution
FUCK THE HEDGE FUCKS AND FUCK ROBINHOOD!!!
This is flat out market manipulation and goes against all fair trading practices. Robinhood will fall and burn because of the decision they made this morning to back the hedge funds FUCK EM! I’m moving on from Robinhood because of this and I’m sure many more will. Tell my wife’s boyfriend he can have her. Also we like the stock
For the win!!!
Is GME halted. I can't buy or sell on BMOInvestorline at Market
How do you know if there is a halt
Mark Cuban’s putting his insight in.
Webull trying to get the weak hands to go to Silver... Only one mention of AMC in the article, and not even a current ticker price. TOTALLY RELEVANT to what's going on with AMC stock!.
Question for MC shills here
First off, hello. Glad to see you guys can still afford internet at your firm. >!Enjoy it while it lasts. !<     I understand that at first you truly believed that GameStop was going under and you were going to profit   bigly   from the demise of this wonderful company. That would have been nice, wouldn't it? Line your pockets on the backs of thousands losing their livelihood? The American way.   What I truly cannot comprehend is the consistency in which you double down. This is not losing steam, it's only picking up people that  like this stock  on the way up.    WE LIKE THIS STOCK.     Ideally, you should have gave in when the price was at $100-150 and the squeeze could have ended at a meme price, like $  or $  That could have been laughs all around and you could go back to work the following week, hoping for better luck next time. But you don't like being wrong.   Instead you doubled down every chance you got, digging your grave deeper and deeper to the point of no return. That's where we are now. Today you decided to call in a favor from Robinhood to further manipulate the market in hopes that the price falls. It worked, for the opening price. It is now 10:00AM and the price is at $415. If you don't understand, this is bad for you. Bigly Bad. On top of this now your friends at Robinhood will likely be looking at some serious troubles when the dust settles. >!Yikes.!<     At this point you are done. There is no coming back from this. It's time to accept that. You've made this into a personal vendetta with each and every individual shareholder of GameStop. This is not good for you either. At first it was about the money, as the price was undervalued for where the company was heading. But now it's personal. That's where it gets dangerous. I feel as we are personal enemies and I'm watching you try to scare my brothers and sisters into waving the white flag by draining them of their funds. I will NO LONGER accept $  or less. There was a time where I would have been glad to step aside for a measly $1000 a share. But you've hurt my family. You've hurt Americans. America   will be better off   without you, as a hedge fund, in it. I personally will accept $5,  per share that I own. Any less than that is an insult.       (I AM NOT A FINANCIAL ADVISOR AND THIS IS NOT FINANCIAL ADVICE. I AM NOT GIVING ADVICE OR ADVOCATING ANYTHING IN RELATION TO THE MARKET. I AM SIMPLY STATING MY OPINION ON A PUBLIC FORUM AS MY RIGHTS ENTITLE ME TO DO. AS STATED, I OWN SHARES IN GAMESTOP. I AM ALSO ON THE SPECTRUM. DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT TOUCHING THESE EARS.)
Do not sell is now the #1 trending phrase on Twitter. The more we hold, the more the hedge funds burn
NAKD is doing great, DFFN is another one that has big potential to pop!
$SNDL is also blocked for trading in Robinhood :(. People can only sell existing share !!!!!
Coincidence? I THINK NOT.
Missing robinhood funds
I transferred funds to my Robinhood a few days ago. The transaction was settled with my bank, and the funds were removed today. However, the money is still missing from my buying power in Robinhood. Usually after it posts as complete--the funds are available. Contacted support and no response. Is anyone experiencing similar--missing money?
Didn’t cancel my order. Market manipulation🥺
Dogecoin is SKYROCKETING!!!!!!! LETS PUSHHH
WERE SKYROCKETING AS FOOOK!! LETS PUSSHHHHHHH! DOGEEEEEEE #MOONDOGE   Processing img oylypcgab3e61...
WSB gang, GME is not the only stock, we are going to stick to the right.
Anyone else one-starring Robinhood today?
Woke up ready to drop another 5k into GME. With this market manipulation from Robinhood idk what to do. I just left them a one-star review and hope others voice their opinions. I also filed an SEC complaint.   We are watching the suppression of a technology that has the potential to radically alter our society. Time to break the bank
SEC
Is there any way we could file a complaint or sue the SEC for allowing all of these fucking trading companies to do what they’re doing? Not allowing us to buy more stocks?
Is GME activating in us, when acting as a whole, some genes that usually ants and bees have?
A Bug’s Life: Wall Street Edition
$txmd 35% SI and low float
This thing could roar.
#BoycottRobinhood
And other broker that has banned purchasing our favorite stocks of the week
Most banks will let you open a trading account. I did with chase. Took 2 minutes and i bought into AMC and NOK. Do not give in just because of apps being dumb!
Dont do it! HOLD!
DO NOT SELL!
THIS IS WAR! OPERATION MIGRATE!
Robinhood has CUCKED and blocked $NOK $BBY $GME and $AMC! This is blatant censorship and the fucking over of the middle class! This should be illegal! LETS SHOW THEM THE POWER OF THE RETARD ARMY! DIAMOND HANDS BOYS! We must migrate to other platforms such as E-Trade, Ameritrade, and anything that lets us throw money at it! We cant let these corporate fucks win! Don't let up THIS IS WAR and WE AINT FUCKIN LEAVING!
10K loss hopefully I don’t regret selling
$NAKD and $TOPS are my bets
Been a short term $nakd and Longish term on $tops. Both have been VERY GOOD to me. $tops has been up over $1,000 before. Only $  now. Get that thing moving!
NOK all the way to the moon
Buy the fucking dip
Buy KOSS and let's drive that up since we are locked out of GME. Let's just pick a new one.
Can we collectively sue the SEC / the brokerage apps?
I feel like they are doing things to stop our progress, when we independently want to buy stocks of X company. I think this is blatant market manipulation for the benefit of the hedge funds.  100% there are lawyers on this page. Can we sue them?
Papa MUSK we need you help with Robinhood please let us know wtf to do, we have been looking upon you for a while please help us file a lawsuit against Robinhood
Trading tools for beginners?
Hey y'all. With the bs of Robinhood (that I downloaded literally last night only to wake up to this) is there any other applications that are good for learning how to grt in there?
WHY IS AMC SHITTING THE BED TODAY??
Transfer your account from RH to TDA
For all my homies in Europe ! Use DEGIRO ! They are not blacking anything ... to the moon !
Please try fidelity and schwad
THEY ARE WINNING THIS BATTLE WE NEED TO FIGHT BACK. TURN TO LEGIT NON ROBINHOOD ACCOUNTS
Move AMC again! 🤑🤑🤑
PLEASE STICKY - Serious Class action thread
One of you Grand AUTISMOS is a lawyer or knows lawyers.   We’ve all lost money because of manipulation of the market by Robinhood, TD Ameritrust etc. Someone needs to start the class action and we should all join in. Fuck robinhood for controlling what we can buy, limiting market access and not allowing us access to stocks as THEY seem fit. Even the SEC didn’t try to control the market like this.   Who is in?
And my money is going down down down HOLD FUCKING GME AND BUY MORE
TO THE FUCKING MOOOOOOON I DONT FUCKING SELL
Amc amc amc gme gme gme
Gogogog
GME: If this was a hedge fund on hedge fund situation, instead of hedge on retail, this wouldn’t even be blip on the radar.
If this was some hedge fund breaking up another hedge funds position, it might get a minute of attention. But because the people are finally getting a spot at the table, we see a huge backlash. Absolutely zero difference, but a totally different reaction. The fog has been lifted, we see the game, we can play it just as good as you. It’s our turn now.
BUY NOK!!!!!
Holding it at a loss but can’t wait for this bad boy to spike   on guys help turn this stock that is down from yesterday into a major cash maker for all of us
Why are people picking so many different stocks?
Shouldn’t the guys on this sub be agreeing on one or two stocks instead of loosely talking about 10 different ones? Another question; If I have 500 dollars right now, where should I put it?
GME and NOK. NOK is a DIP now. Tommorrow it’s 30% up retards
Robinhood more like Robbing The Hood
F them
How to handle Robinhood, Trading212 and the rest.
We've all seen what they've done, and they're not the only ones. They will pay for this.     In the meantime, we can still make a profit. Can't buy GME? Fret not.
VAR1
Varta the only right one, why so complicated  :-)
We did it lads! GME TO THE MOON
Screw Robinhood!
CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT NEEDED
Class action lawsuit against InTERACTIVE BROKERS, ROBINHOOD and WEBULL!!! illegal  Manipulation of market !
Filed SEC complaint in Robinhood and you should too!
How to Close Your Robinhood Account
I’m very new to the whole Wall Street thing, what stocks are being targeted today, and how much should I be investing in such stocks
Wise doge noises
FUCK ROBINHOOD!!
This is some communist bullshit, what happened to free market and free speech...  Hold the line boys, we will never give in, never  , never, NEVER!!! - my boy Winston Churchill
$AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG
$AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG $AG
THIS IS HISTORY IN THE   DOGE‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️
Snapchat to the moon
Robinhood hasn’t blocked it yet it’s about to lift off
Needing Some Wall Street Help
I’m currently invested in a NIO stocks, and is falling short of where I need it to be, what can I do to try and increase the stock price or to make sure I don’t lose all my money?
No Love For NOK 🤮
💸
Gme invest now
Is is still good to buy gme or which other stocks since i cant buy any on etoro?
AAL
can you guys show some love for AAL?
Now Sundial Growers has been hit with the Robinhood block. That’s not even on anyone’s radar here! Absolutely disgusting.
Use this as a place to post the accounts we can buy gamestop stocks on still.
Would like to know where I can buy the stocks in the UK. Thanks
Fellow robinhooders hold your positions
Don't take losses in GME BB NOK CTRM AMC  Let them
e
They cant stop us new ticker: Reed
These puss bois all have their tummy’s in a not lets buy some Reeds ginger ale for their lil tummys. $REED$ to the moon now     they can’t stop us theirs always another company. They cant hide
Keep going
They are trying to break this by creating diversion through not being able to trade. They are hoping it will become disorganized and not enough confidence or unity to keep going. The only way through is to band together and hold. Don’t be intimidated by any drops because it’s only because they manipulated the market by restricting trading otherwise everyone knows it would be up. They wouldn’t have done it otherwise.
Blackberry is waiting for us guys!
This one’s for the history books.
Migrate to webull
Everyone should migrate to webull. Fuck Robinhood.
I woke up with a stock, now it's gone.
So I put in an order for open, work up with a GME stock at like 280-290.  Then I check again and it's gone and it says my GME was canceled. And now GME is sitting in the 400s.   Wtf
$NAKD for the win?$
I´ve seen some post about nakd aswell, are we taking it to the moon? $  $
NAKD NOK SNDL with a late push from AMC!
don’t sleep on it or you might miss your free trip to the moon
Fiserv -the next rocket
To show   the bankers and this fu....   establishm whats going on
Do. Not. Sell. We've always said no 🗒 🏼, so don't start now.
I'm angry. I'm super fucking angry. My gains weren't huge, about $ , but it was enough to get groceries, pay some of my tuition, and start a saving account for my son. They are robbing us with blatant market manipulation. Some of you are losing tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, maybe millions.    This is not the time to panic sell. This is the most important time to   🏽 for the long haul. They can't win. GME, BB, AMC, all the others are nothing more than trades and we the people turned memes into dreams and they couldn't handle it. Let them take the bus and count pennies and eat Ramen like normal people for a while, not burn our money right in front of our faces. Fuck Robinhood and fuck Melvin and anyone supporting these stocks being removed from trading.    No selling! We need everyone!!!!
BUX ZERO LETS YOU BUY NOK
get it if ur in the Netherlands, Germany, Austria, France, or Belgium!!!!
Nok, GE, bb
With GME killing this game and burn it to the ground, why doesn't this community point itself toward more of these low cost stocks? I know these have started already but let's push it further.
AMC!
They are cheating! BUY BUY-  AMC -GME they are stopping us and pausing the market to control the price as much as they can.  This is History
"DO NOT SELL" TRENDING ON TWITTER. DIAMOND HANDS BOYS WE GOING TO THE MOON!@@@@@                                                                         -
Losses on short positions in   firms top $70 billion - Ortex data
Hold down. Gme,amc are making huge changes on how things are going to be.
DONT GET REKT
't get REKT.  I think its coming...
What trading site should I switch to since Robinhood is scum?
Is E Trade good?
$GPS📈📈📈📈📈
Lets make Kanye rich!
HOW DOES NOK, AMC, AND BB ALL DROP 30% THIS MORNING???? WE ARE NOT SELLING MOTHERFUCKERS WE ARE GOING TO THE MOON, QUIT SELLING AND HOLD STRONG
RBC Direct Investing is down
Is anyone in? I can't get in
NAKD STONKS PLS
Send NAKD TO THE MOOOOON
If the only knew ...
This aged well
Bought a long position in PBI on May 5th at   Sold 20% of it at   in October to hedge against loss. Thanks for making me regret the 20%, but even still, at   right now I can't be mad.
BUY AMC NOW
Now
Market manipulation in Australia
Over half an hour after market open two major trading platforms in Australia are still unresponsive to users.  Stake is the AUS equivalent to Robinhood.    IG is one of the major platforms to buy US stocks. Their website is unresponsive to trades and they have blocked new $GME options positions.
Marx would be proud of you galaxy brains
As a person from the EU, what App should i use???
Title
Scared
The fact they're blocking trading.... HOLD!
GME
500   1000  2000 ✈️
NAKD NAKD NAKD NAKD NAKD
Take NAKD TO THE MOON SINCE THESE CROOKS THINK THEY CAN HAVE IT ALL. Everyone spread the word on nakd
If you only have Robinhood and still want to buy GME, find it in Top 100 Most Popular List.
They’ve only hidden the direct ticker search.   When this is over, you might still want to entertain the idea of getting a new broker who wont play with your finances however. There is plenty of reason to be very, very pissed about this
HOLD $AMC! The more you shed, the more they pick up
Doge to the moooooooooon
GUYS DONT LET THEM SCARE YOU, HOLDDDDDDDDD
They’re just trying to scare us to get some of their money back, don’t let them win, please hold.
Did Robinhood just cut their own throats? Closing my positions and closing my account. Anyone else?
Boycott Robinhood
I am done boizzz, these motherfuckers can't take that we - the retail investors are making money from the free market. Robinhood blocked the trading for GME, BB, NOK, AMC. Transferring all my stocks out and giving them a 1 star rating. FUCK ROBINHOOD.
BB about to     Dip being bought
Pussy Ass Investors hitting the market with their sell offs, BUY BUY BUY HOLD HOLD HOLD
Joined you retards   GME
Quick Solution: CashApp is working (I think) for every ticker except for GME because I don’t think they support it.. However, NOK AMC & more on there. I’d go this route if you’re being fucked over by whatever your current trading app is.
CPE
Check out CPE. THese fckin shorts have raped this stock the past year. Do your DD. This is a sleeping   value is $60-75...trading @ $  fck the shorts!!!
CLASS ACTION: I have contacted Chapman Albin LLC to notify them of what Robinhood is doing and how they are injuring us. I left my email with them. I have filed SEC and FINRA complaints. I don't know if they will get back to me, but everyone that has been injured needs to contact a lawyer.
CLASS ACTION: I have contacted Chapman Albin LLC to notify them of what Robinhood is doing and how they are injuring us. I left my email with them. I have filed SEC and FINRA complaints. I don't know if they will get back to me, but everyone that has been injured needs to contact a lawyer.
STOP POSTING BUY THIST BUY THAT!
WAKE UP BROTHERS! WE R IN WAR DONT SPLIT THE MONEY... FOCUS BB AMC AND NOK...
Hold your shit. This is all tactics to initiate panic selling. Just hold GME
not surpised
Dogecoin up over 80%
Literally just made a text shitpost about it but I'm making more money today on doge than I have since I originally bought it
Fidelity Trade
Managed to smooth brain my way in about bought 3 shares on fidelity without problems brothers. To the moon!
$Fubo time gang
Fubo is one of the most technology shorted stocks on the market and is currently not banned by Robinhood for trading 😁
I’m from UK and using Trading 212 , just bought more BB
BBW
moon landing incoming $BBW  $SNDL
Baby-boomers: If you can’t beat them join them. Millennials: If you can’t beat them recreate them.
NOOOOOKKKKKKK
all in
SNDL NAKD - 25K Let's GOOOOOOO!
DOGEcoin
DOGE let’s make it the new bit coin. They can’t fuck with cryptocurrency. Fuck the man
HOLD THE LINE THIS IS THEIR FINAL PUSH ON US EVERYTHING GOING TO MOON SOON
Did I miss it?
So, I’ve never done anything in the market, and saw the noise that CNN was making about GameStop... is now a good time to jump I to the market,m? Which platform? And how do I know what i should buy? Any help is appreciated
A story of betrayal. I hope that one of you more talented tards could turn my shitty picture meme into a video meme so that my wife’s boyfriend doesn’t make me sleep on the floor tonight
AMC converts debt to shares this AM - 44m
Explains part of the drop.      If gamestop was smart they would follow suit with a secondary or similar action.  Best of luck!
If im holding, so can you. This is going against everything I have been taught. But its time to show Wall Street that we are sick of their games.
I went to bed early last night and awoke to this commotion about Robinhood, AMC, Gamestop, etc. This post might get taken down, but what the hell is going on?
Can someone summarize what's going on to someone who isn't super invested (pun intended) in wall street and economics? Thanks so much.
GBM + Limiting movements on BB, AMC, GME and more
Another stock casualty
To add $SNDL has been removed from Robinhood.  I will keep updating as tickers are coming down like flies :) keep it up retards I love you guys  Tickers not tradable   $GME $AMC $BB $NOK $SNDL
Do not sell!!!!! ROBINHOOD restriction does not mean to sell!!! HOLD HOLD!!!!
Do not sell!!!!! ROBINHOOD restriction does not mean to sell!!! HOLD HOLD!!!!     Do not sell!!!!! ROBINHOOD restriction does not mean to sell!!! HOLD  HOLD!!!!
IF YOU’RE SELLING $KOSS, YOUR WIFE’S BOYFRIEND WON
Let’s gooooo
Medipharm labs (LABS) and NOK let’s gooooo
AMC HOLD
AMC is rising boys go go go
[GME] The Shorts are doubling down
Robinhood is done for.
This is the exact definition of market manipulation. Let them know that we, the people, will not be intimidated. I just closed my Robinhood account for good! If they can do this once, what makes you think they won’t do it again? Always have a secondary Broker ready to make moves.... we are going to the fucking moon!!!      #AMC #GME
NAKD
Lets pushhh NAKD
SNDL & TLRY it’s time to push the cannabis trade
NAKD TOO THE MOON
How many halts are we going to get today??
NIO to the mOon!!!!! TD blocked everything!!!
WTF Td blocked everything   NIO to the moon!!!!!!!!!!!
AMC AMC AMC!!! Its low lets trade
Too the moon
NOT JUST ROBINHOOD, ALSO GBM
Mexican trading platform has blocked the stock buy of AMC, fuck them capitalist pig. Yall wanted a free market? Accxept the consequences you fucktards
And this is why cryptocurrencies are going to be the future.
We will PREVAILLLLLLL!!! Hold tight fam
Hello there! I don’t know much about the stock market but could someone give me some a crash course to get in on the action?
POV: Every time /u/DeepFuckingValue wakes up
Buy the dip on AMC. It was >20 in pre-market and it will return.
If you are in BB/NOK you are even more mentally challenged than the avg WSB'er
So what’s the endgame for $GME ?
Everyone withdrawal ur money from Robinhood make the corrupt fucks go bankrupt
If everyone sells everything and withdraws their money from Robinhood they will go bankrupt everyone use TD Ameritrade Schwab fidelity anything but Robinhood
Robinhood has made their decision. Petition to ban people who post Robinhood screenshots in February.
Beyond Meat Inc.
Another favored short stock, come on you r/walltards this is 43% shorted. Let’s get this internet train rolling and short squeeze this “meat”
Doge to the
If was to buy GME or SNDL from Ireland, which would broker would be best for me?
$SNDL
RH and other platforms limiting buying but not selling? is this legal.
ZOM is $1
Buy it bois we can get rich
Criptos are moving
DOGE seem like it wake up with a lot of fuel with nitros is going to the moon
Is there an original analysis on GME and where can I find it?
I'm looking for the first GME post, the thesis that started all of this. (for research purposes) Can someone link me to it?  Thanks!
CNBC full interview with Chamath Palihapitiya discussing Wallstreetbets and the $GME short squeeze
RH down?
Robinhood refuses to show any stocks in search and won't let me do crypto. Anyone else?
RH removed GME from there platform???
I came to double my   STAY TO TAKE DOWN THE HEDGE FUNDS!
HHHHHHHHHHHHHOOOOOOOOOOOOODDDDDDDDDDDDDDDLLLLLLLLLL!
Can we do the same for sndl lul
Pleez
Robinhood owners
Of course robinhood owners would agree to hide all the stocks that are popping right nkw. They have a price on their head with these big corps! Smh
Trading 212 NAKD
Robinhood is fucked get trading 212 or whatever tf you want and get on the NAKD to the moon rocket
Next
Home Depot
FUCKING HOLD
Class action lawsuit against RH
We all got fucked in some way I’m suing these assholes. Let’s make sure they can’t do this again
Webull suspended as well. Where can I buy AMC GME?
BB shares crashing?
I wanna go to the moooooooooon. Take me there!
We did it boys, the moon is just around the corner
Way to go robinhood! Wtf
Nokia stock
Is nokia stock still going to be a buy after all, robinhood shut us down with gamestop.
Robinhood is scamming people out of their positions. This should be illegal. I’m leaving a review letting them know they are scammers & one star in the App Store. Position 700 shares of blackberry.
DON'T GIVE IN!! THIS IS A REVOLUTION
VARNEYS AN ASS HOLE !
VARNEY needs to give his seat up to Susan, HE HELPED DRIVE THIS DOWN with his socialist negitivism, his idea of Government needing to get involved just because were buying LEGAL TRADES. DAMN YOU VARNEY, shut your DAMN MOUTH.
I'm sorry bois, but we all know it had to be done. I'm still in with 74 shares and a 115c though
Should I sell my NOKIA?? Why is it down so much right now...? GME has fallen from its record this morning.
Fucking Liars
Fucking Liars: I bought last night and they force canceled my shit this morning stating "you canceled your order" obviously I did no such thing, but I'm not given the option to rebuttal on the message feature with robinhood. I like the way that they shift the blame to the customer so as to avoid responsibility for manipulating the market.. So much for taking from the rich and giving to the poor. Fuckers.
$AMC - READY FOR SOME APE LOVE
Screw Robin hood get Etrade!
I was able to buy NOK this morning with Etrade! Not sure about the GME but as long as we're not using Robin hood anymore!
Discord Server
ome here for advice on stocks, Daddy Elon is going to help us all grow up for free rn, he is full time investor and he s giving free advice for now
Nak on robinhood ,💪💪💪. they cant stop the signal!!!
I did not cancel... Little shits... Any way I bought BBW with my hundred.
Gamestop (GME) Scores 100 for Human Rights (Of Course We Love Them!)
DOGE WON'T HURT THEM
We need to hit them where it hurts in the MARKETS. Doge won't hurt their bottomline. Ignore the corporate shills. Open new brokerage accounts and hit them where it hurts.  $GME $AMC $BB $NOK $NAKD  Let's go!
🚨This is a recaps six months of GameStop getting to where it is from the people who initially bought it last summer. I just threw this together but I have 4 more pages if you guys want to read. 🚨   Robinhood is gonna get sued.
RH won’t let me buy AAL
Are they going to do this to everything?
Long time lurker, Lifelong dyslexist, fuck wallst, god blurse you all
I need reassurance... NOK
$GME suspended for falling 30$ in less than 2 min
How is it legal for brokers refusing to allow me buy stocks with hard cash? Fuck these assholes.
How quickly they change! Tisk Tisk #HOLD
People buy cciv its gonna merge with lucid motors and this Will be a huge deal. If we push this like #gme we Will get huge profits Lets do it!!!!!!
WeBull is freezing the account setup!
You cant setup the personal info on a new account it freezes and kicks you out.
GUYS BUY AND HOLD!! YOU DONT REALIZE HOW MUCH WE CAN STILL MAKE IF EVERYBODY JUST BUYS AND HOLDS NOW!!!!
There is still so much potential if everybody just buys and holds!!! Dont panic profits are coming your way if you just hold!!!  LOVE YOU ALL DO YOUR PART!!❤️❤️❤️        🤲🤲🤲
NOK is Low now, Time to buy in Retards!
Let’s go guys, NOK to the moon      🌕🌕🌕🌕  Not a financial advisor, I like this stock
Any trading apps now worthy of my money?
Need to make the move from Robinhood but not sure who the best would be to go with. Any advice is appreciated my kings for I am but a simpleton.
USE Fidelity
USE Fidelity
You can use E TRADE to buy AMC
Buy and hold AMC
SILVER! Hunt brother mine owned by NorZinc (NZC). Price of silver should be $1000!
NZC owns the old Hunt Brothers mine.  Silver is the most manipulated metal... appreciation should have it at $1000, but today it sits at $25.
Not enough HOLD threads, sooo
FUCKING HOLD GME. Don’t sell
Project Veritas trying to locate whistleblowers in Robinhood
Let's get discipline here! Shotgun approach does not work! Target one or two... run with them... sell... then pick a new one or two more...
Ready - fire - aim does not work. Have to pick one or two and everybody stay with them. Run those and then pick one or two new ones for the next round. Must hang together. Too many ideas. No new ideas. Stay with what we have until we collectively decide to more to one or two new ones. Or, this will not work for the long term...
Robinhood won't let me buy, Etrade and Fidelity won't let me transfer money, and TDameritrade won't let me open an account
What the hell is going on? Where can I go to buy more?
I bought my first GME this morning... I in it for the ride
RH canceling orders.
Is there any recourse?
Hold everyone!
AAL 🛫
Leggo !
Wtf!? Can someone confirm why I can’t buy more amc? I can only close my position can’t buy more? Anyone have the same issue?? Help
Proud of everyone in here
After so many years of being shit on as retail traders and being abused by hedge funds bots and all the other crony ways those cucks scam money. Now it’s our time to fight back and what happens they run to daddy SEC to the brokerages for illegal actions they took part in. They fucked up and we caught them. Don’t stop and fight keep buying hold and still play it smart. If we stick together no amount of money can stop the combined power of our Autism. LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!
NOK??
New to this, is NOK on the outs now?
Hold your positions, it’s not a loss until you sell. We won’t be able to buy more until it stabilizes a little more than we may see a shift to growth. But if we all sell now... they win and they’ll say “the price now reflects it’s actual value”. If you sell, you lose and we all lose.
“You’ve canceled your order to buy   shares of GME” the fuck I did not
Most banks will let you open a trading account. I did with chase. Took 2 minutes and i bought into AMC and NOK. Do not give in just because of apps being dumb!
Dont do it! HOLD!
Are we still taking NOK to the top too?
Are we still taking NOK to the top too?  Seems like a good play to roll to 3 digits!
Macy’s is the next GME! Available on Robinhood
Really sad amc 😢
Trying to mitigate their losses from GME in AMC/BB?
Keep them from whatever they are doing to try and force AMC and BB back down. Keep that GME rocket going, but throw some at / hold AMC/BB. Don't let them win there.
Infos about NOK and BB
Hello, I joined and am following this "financial  " (investing on the shitty eToro platform) and would like to understand what is the word and the news for the above mentioned stock.  Many thanks, Rico.
DOGE
Buy doge!
@ROBINHOOD AND ALL BROKERS
‼️‼️‼️EVERYBODY, IF THEY STOP US FROM FREE TRADING  WE WILL STOP TRADING ON THEIR PLATFORM ‼️‼️‼️ THEY’RE PREVENTING THE POOR FROM BECOMING RICH WHEN THE RICH ARE BECOMING LESS RICH‼️‼️‼️‼️ FUUUUUUCK THAT FUCK ROBINHOOD ETORO AND ALL BROKERSSS
CashApp not working for GME but works for AMC
Long time lurket. BOUGHT at market open Jan 28. BUY BUY BUY
# Howdy,     Just want to say you're all amazing. You inspire me. Long time lurker, maybe a bit manic. I used what money I had available to buy GME at open! Thank you. HOLD HOLD HOLD!  BUY MORE!
ZOM on the rise
Get in it boys and girls
Cash App
You can still buy AMC and NOK on Cash App. BUY!!!!
HOLD
and keep on holding!!
Was bound to happen sometime, FUCK ROBINHOOD
DONT SELL. KEEP HOLDING
DONT SELL
LETS SUE THE F     !!!!!
GME DIP! BUY BUY BUY
1K IS NOT A MEME
Turns out Robinhood is ACTUALLY Prince John.
Processing img 3ami0tcrb3e61...
USA HAS BEEN AWFULLY SHUT DOWN! NOW IT'S THE REST OF THE WORLD'S TIME TO SHOW NO MERCY! I AM CALLING EUROPE, ASIA, AUSTRALIA NOW IS TIME WE BUY AND HOLD LETS GO!
Usa has been awfully terminated by these selfless millionairs, now it's time that we fight back! HOLD AND BUY ALL GME, BB AND AMC!! TOGETHER WE ARE STRONG!
I'm ready for Battle !! To the moon GME, AMC, & NOK !!!!!!!

LET’S GO LADS KEEP RIDING IT NO-ONE CAN STOP WSB 🎯
We have now reached peek cross over status!
Everyone go give Robinhood a one star review.
They want to shut down our trades, we shut them down.
We need decentralized exchanges
Holding AMC?
Amc is currently down 30% and is steadily declining. Are we putting more in or selling boys. Meme stocking the companies can only last so long but fuck it i guess
BUY DOGE WE ARE UP 90%!!!! Let’s do the same thing we did to GME!!
It’s simple. WE. LIKE. THE. STOCK—————GME, AMC, BB.
We like the stonk.
ROBINHOOD CENSORING REVIEWS
CASH APP LET ME BUY AMC EVERYBODY IF YOU’RE HAVING TROUBLE GO THERE!!!
They hate that they don’t own us.
HOLD GME
WHAT DONT YOU GET
AMC
Whats the plan for AMC
DOGECOIN??
Dogecoin is starting to move pretty good
Can we get a legit thread going on where to go from Robinhood?
I think a lot of people are scared of what RH is going to do in coming days, honestly I’m one of them. Where the hell do I go!? WeBull is doing the same shit. Is Ameritrade a decent option?  I see tons of people asking about RH, just want an actual thread with answers instead of having to dig through comments. Thanks for any help!  GME to the fucking moon!
For all the Canadians out there, WealthSimple is also stopping any interactions with GME. Tried to cancel my limit sell and now I am just stuck. If this isn’t market manipulation, idk what is...
Revolut is also declining the orders outright. This affects European investors mostly which do not have access to RH.
Make Robinhood know that we are pissed!!!
Use any means necessary to have your voice heard.           •Load up their call centers           •Load up their support chats           •Post on Social Media           •Lavish in victory  THEY CANNOT SUPRESS US
Send Robinhood support messages. It's the only way to let them know. I am moving Apps. WHO IS WITH ME?
Don’t panic. AMC and BB are going down as an effect of robinhood’s market manipulation. BUY AND HOLD. We arent paper hand bitches     TO THE MOON🌕🌕
Trading 212 wont give this retard an account :(
Says 'try later' been like that all day. They obvs dont want any more UK rita retards :(
How can noob investors around the globe help rn?
I'm late to the party. No idea what is going on but imma be part of this if it's the last thing I do.  I live i  South Korea. How can I help?
What is the fucking problem with you people? btfd on BB?!!! How hard can it be?
OGI Climbing
Fly autist Fly!
With all the headlines WSB has been making, I think this just turned into a movement. A lot of people arn’t to happy with us right now. I say fuck them. May all you keep thriving and making tendies!
SUITS ARE STOCKBLOCKING PUSSIES
No one likes a cockblock or a stockblock. HOLD THE LINE ON EVERYTHING. THE ONLY WAY TO WIN IS TO HOLD OUT LONGER THAN THE PUSSY SUITS
RH down?
Is anyone on RH able to buy gme? Hell even NOK or AMC? I don't understand... I realize the conspiracy theorist in me says market manipulation but I'm just curious outside of that is there any legitimate reason I wouldn't be able to fucking buy stock?!
FYI - Stop Limit orders can be seen on the book. Don't use stop limits if you want these positions to fly.
Hey guy, I'm a retail guy. Not a professional so take this for what it's worth on your own accord.
BUY NAKD! $2 a share and could easily have the same impact at GME if everyone got on board!
#SNDL TO THE MOON!!!! ALL IN
SNDL TO THE MOON!!!! ALL IN  GUYS, LETS MAKE #SNDL THE NEXT GAMESTOP
I'm not selling.
FYI - robinhood is deleting all of the 1 star reviews on the App Store it got from people this morning after they engaged in market manipulation - I mean restricted trading of gme and amc
In case anyone was interested or left a thoughtful review and want to make sure it stays up 😀
Hold GME!!  👍 Robinhood has to open up eventually. Don’t freak!! Chamath for gov. Love this interview. Yes more IPOF please
DKNG?
What about Draftkings lol
So proud
Making some dickhead in a suit in wallstreet mad makes my cock so hard. So fucking proud of you boys, i wasn’t part of it because i only have 28 cents in my bank account but damn I’m proud of you people, keep it up!
NOK NOK NOK!! BUY IN CHEAP NOW
Time to focus on AMC 👺
THEY SHORTED AAL, TOOK IT OFF ROBINHOOD. TAKE IT TO THE MOON
UAL is the wave
On 4nem grave
This could be one the reasons why Robinhood might be blocking your orders
U/1R0NYMAN YOU KNOW WHAT YOU NEED TO DO
I’m officially leaving robinhood after this fiasco is over. The status quo remains.
FCK ROBINHOOD AND TD AMERITRADE THEY CANT BAN DOGECOIN
Boys dont be afraid that gme and and amc is blocked HOLD HOLD HOLD and dont fucking sell. Also buy dogecoin and take it to 1 dollar they havent banned cryptos yet
HOLD
Trading 212 still allowing purchases of AMC
SNDL going uppp! Buy more while it’s still low
GME Resources to the moon
BUY NOK BUY NOK BUY NOK
Send it through the roof and make this the second GME they got us on amc but we can recover and win BUY NOK
Back to normalcy AHT hospitality ETF
Have a look!
Can’t log in to Ameritrade
Can’t even effing log in to my TD Ameritrade account. Was in earlier and now can’t sign in on my phone.
DONT FORGET ABOUT $NOK GUYS!!
BUYBUYBUY!!
Get off robinhood, get on Twitter
You can't buy anyway, get off the app before you feel compelled to sell. Get on Twitter and BLOW UP these brokerage feeds with how angry you are that they have taken away the free market!
I earn my Golden Hands today
Hear me brothrens and sistrens. I’ve been thinking about it a lot. I have a good paying job and stability as late 20’s engineer. But I will never be financially independent no matter what I do or how much I advance. This is a once in a lifetime opportunity, and the closest shot I have at financial freedom in my lifetime. And it probably is for you autists as well. So in the spirit of comradery, sticking it to Wall Street, and trying to get out of the trap that is life for the average Joe, I am going RETARD YOLO GME ALL MY SAVINGS!!! It doesn’t sound like much, but all my $11k is now in GME as of this morning! I humbly ask the good people of Reddit to grant my hands Golden status!    Remember folks, ONLY BUY, HOLD IF YOU CAN’T, DON’T SELL! I hear it may be Monday or even later before the time is right! I trust the good retards of Reddit will let us know when the time is right. Keep up with WSB and the tendies will come!
TXMD
At   right now, bank on it.
HOLD STRONG DEGENERATES
I need to be honest here I was planning on selling.. I was scared of losing my money.. I was going to wait until GME was around 400-500 to sell.  Watching all the corruption from these people the one time us 'poor scum' have an opportunity to gain something they try everything in their power to screw us over. Robinhood literally not allowing people to buy anymore to manipulate the price down, fake news etc...   That is why I am DONE BEING SCARED If I lose my $1,000 which is honestly more than I can spare I DON'T CARE AYMORE it's not about money anymore plus I'll bounce back. I for one am not letting go of these assholes necks I don't care what it costs. Time to stop laying down and getting screwed over by these idiots!   I LOVE YOU ALL TO VALHALLA   \ Not financial advice
We are going to another fucking dimension with this stock if they think they can crush us.
Choo choo motherfuckers.
Robinhood
Is KODK a good buy right now? Seems to be the only thing not blocked by Robinhood
IM GOING ALL IN ON NOKIA NOW! LET'S GET THEM TO THE MOON NEXT!!!!
Vuzi vuzi
BUY $AMC
Get this to the moon guys!!!!
Crazy
What about dogecoin? I’m blocked from buying anything else apparently, but I bought dogecoin way back from a friends recommendation. Its still open to buy and It’s up now to 2 cents a share. I bought it when it was below a penny. We can help grow that maybe?
Doesn’t this seem fucking strange? Not my Robinhood
HODL ON ALL POSITIONS, BBI     DO NOT LET UP
Etoro
Try Etoro to buy $GME if Robinhood is not playing fair :)
Let's get The Squad involved in this!
Locked out TD Ameritrade
Is anyone else locked out of td mobile app? Just keeps telling me log in failed same is happening to my little brother on the opposite side of the country
PLTR is still open for trading!!
Robinhood is literally steeling from the poor and giving to the rich.
Should change it’s name to sheriff of nottingham.
DOGECOIN
$1 gang
WEBULL SUSPENDED TRADES ON GME
You can still access GME and other stocks VOA direct link search.
Format the search in Google or your web address bar as:      Or whatever. Put the stock code after the "/" and it should take you directly to it.
Davey - Barstool Has our Back! Once this is over we need to abandon Robinhood for good!
I’m going to buy anything related to SILVER because of short interest and it’s truly undervalued. But that’s just me.
How is this legal?
My limit order went through. Keep trying. Don’t panic sell. They are struggling!
You love to see it!!
CTRM guys to the moon🔥🔥🔥
wtf is happening
I will believe in you boys and hold BB and NOK
Robinhood... YOU FOOL
$GME WILL GO TO $1000. $NOK $AMC $BB THE HEDGEFUNDS WERE HEDGING INTO THESE STOCKS IN ORDER TO SAVE THEMSELVES FROM $GME . THEY HAVE LEFT NORMLAL INVESTORS TO BE THE BAG HOLDERS WHICH IS WHY THEY ARE RED TODAY. DON'T BE TRICKED BY THE HEDGEFUNDS AND DIVIDE THE COMMUNITIY'S STRENGTH, FOCUS ON GME!!
ORGANIGRAM ((OGI)) SUNDIAL GROWERS ((SNDL)) DOGECOIN CRYPTO LETS GOOO
Doge! Woot
Doge doge doge!
Nakd is cheap now. Everyone should buy. Let’s go and take it to 4$!
Allow Dave Portnoy get his bag $AMC
As many of us know Dave Portnoy has been fighting for us, giving us a voice. Yesterday he invested a good amount of money in AMC and NOK. Just as he did many of us did as well. Let’s not forget about our brothers and sisters. We are in this together! Let’s pump $AMC and $NOK to the 🌕🌕🌕🌕
DECENTRAlinkZATION NEEDED.
The industry standard oracle network
Revolut hasnt caved yet
Anyone who has revolut can use one of their free trades to buy GME they havent ceased trading on it just yet
Robinhood let me buy $AMC at 4   I thought
New to Reddit but been trading options on my own account for years, want to short something Covid   ?
BUY GME, NOK, AND BB IF YOU CAN! FUCK THESE THIEVING COMPANIES! REPORT THE COMPANIES
HOLD AMC & NOK BITCHES
TO THE FUCKING MOON
GME GOING DOWN?
Wtf why is Robinhood holding my buy
Trading app Robinhood SHUTS DOWN GameStop stock, after Reddit traders embarrass Wall Street
Hey To Everyone That Couldn't Trade
We can at the very least file complaints with the company that insures our money on Robinhood. Let's see how they like working with them once they get tons of claims saying Robinhood cost us money. They use SIPC to insure our money.   On phone sorry for long link:
Getting ready for NOK to pop!!!
XSPA Parabolic Recovery
new to stonks. is this how my portfolio is supposed to look?
You can buy Gamestop on the frankfurt exchange! The ticker is GS2C
NOK is going down :/
BUY CRYPTO NOT ON ROBINHOOD
Robinhood is not safe to buy on.   Buy on binance   Use link below for 20% of fees  Sign up with this link and you’ll get 20% off when you trade
For AMC, Mudrick Capital has been selling millions of shares recently. They are trying to scare people. They bought them overnight possibly for a low price to scare people.     diamonds
Stash in on blocking trades
After placing orders last night to be bought during next trading window stash has gone down for “bug fixes”. Purchases have not been completed and app and website are down.
BUY THE DIP $GME
Can robinhood block all the stocks?
Tried to buy GME last night on robinhood.  This morning they tell me it was cancelled. Tried to look up nokia and amc and they both were gone.  If robinhood is going to block all the stocks from wallstreetbets.  Then if I say let's all get on apple.  Will they block that one too?  Let's recommend more stocks they can't block them all right? Or maybe they will have blocked half the market by the end of the day.
Did anyone else know that we were banned from Reddit?
I understand the Gamestop run.
But as far as the others(NOK, SNDL et....) go, is there a rhyme or reason other than to fux shyt up?
If your heart says hold but your head says sell
STOP LOOKING AT YOUR PORTFOLIO  Go for a walk. Play some dark souls. Pet your cat.   The dips are meant to intimidate you. Don’t let them win.
Robinhood is block American Airlines and a bunch of other random stock
Everyone Robinhood is now blocking a bunch of random stocks like American Airlines.
I DONT THINK MELVIN HEARD US YESTERDAY 🤔GET IN GME AMC
BUY $NAKD
My app glitched and tell my I fulfilled my order in at the price I was okay with instead it went higher for less shares but imma hold onto that WHOS W ME ON THIS
Since the r/wallstreetbets was taken down momentarily
1611876008
Merrill Edge letting you buy GMA, AMC, NOK, BB
Hi everyone, first time posting. Just opened a Merill Edge account and have had no problems buying today. GOOD LUCK COMRADES!
Nok Nok
Hey Robinhood - Good luck with that future IPO... we’ll remember 😋📉🗑
“dEmOcRaTiZiNg tHe MaRkEtS”
I Really Like GME
It's a really good stock! I dropped $10k on it this morning even though I'm a new investor. I don't know what I'm doing so this isn't financial advice... but I thought I'd let you guys know.
Let the people trade (2016)
Buy GME!!!
You can still buy GME on Bank of America App!!
So amc and nokia falling off a cliff
Just early selling? The fact they are staggering purchases? Were we duped?
If this is true...
ROBINHOOD WONT EVEN SHOW GME WHEN YOU SEARCH IT ANYMORE, WE MUST TEAR THE INSTITUTION DOWN BRICK BY BRICK
So they keep on lying about Melvin closing out? Article from 01/28/2021   KEEP ON HOLDING BOYS, we can do it!
Gme options
Can I still buy Gme options anywhere else? Robinhood won’t let me buy options.
Think of what you’ll say to your grandchildren.
“Grandad, why didn’t you sell when GameStop hit 450 then fell to 370?? How did you know to wait for 5k??”  “Son, your grandaddy ain’t no paper handed bitch.”  Short interest is 120%. Do not fucking sell.
BUY DOGECOIN ITS GOING TO THE MOON ELON MUSK TWEETED
MOON
Buy the dips, Hold your stonks, and do NOT sell friday
Ignore the AA news. BUT WTF. Wall street wants to investigate the market for “mAnIpULaTiOn” because of Reddit. LOL suck my ass
This just happen on robinhood
$AG
Going yolo here
DONT BE SXARED OF RED ITS JUST A DIP LETS GO BB NOK
Y’all are letting of AMC, y’all want them to think this was just a day movement. We are bigger than that. Look how far we’ve already come. It can go soo much further. F the system, hold you shares, and buy more if you can!
Ally invest fake down? Instructions on How to get into app
You can get in by clicking tasks tab then invest transfer.  This is the second day in a row they went down at market open. Feels kinda sus
How much hedge funds will lose?
WE’RE NOT EVEN CLOSE TO THE TOP WE’RE JUST GETTING STARTED AND LOOK AT OUR ALLIE$$$$!!! LET’S DO THIS!!! GME $10K 💪💪💪💪💪💪💪
Robinhood is ClEaRLY in bed with Globus Medical. Gme search results just now
What brokerages can I sign up with and start trading today still allow buying GME?
I had to wait until I got my paycheck today to buy GME and now robinhood bans trading of it. I tried signing up with webull but it takes 2-3 business days to get approved. I heard schwab and etrade still allow you to buy GME but both of them are down at the moment. What can I sign up for to start trading TODAY?
Long time Lurker. Made a petition for Biden to have the SEC investigate Robinhood
Take em down boys
GME 260% shorted now
Batman is with us and Fuck Robinhood!
Move to SPCE
Let's go for the true rockets!
$NOK $GME $AMC
Yo fuckers, how can i help? (Europe)
I don't trade but I want to join the cause. I can only afford to join with 50€. Is it possible to buy parts of a stock? If so, how and where? (Europe, Portugal)  Some guy on twitch said that I can't help because it's american stock market.
As a proud Canadian, I will save you all, my "regarded" fellas
Bonjour,  Today is a great day. History. In the upcoming "   Power to the Players"    movie, this will be the moment 30 minutes before the ending ('cause you know, we reaching 10 000$  ).   Well, all of this is to say that even at this f-worded price, I'm buying more and holding the line. Advising my friends not to follow my advice though, I'm a 23yo "regard" who doesn't no shit about f-word.  Current positions 23 shares @  $. Throwing another 2500$ in today (on margin, I'm poor)   $GME to the   Uranus and your wife's boyfriends' as well
BB IS ON SALE! BUY THE DIP! TO THE MOON WE GO!!!
STONK ON SALE
SoFI Still has GME Buy Open
Hold the line!
Dogecoin is SKYROCKETING!!!!!!! LETS PUSHHH
Processing img oylypcgab3e61...
Revolut as well now. WHATEVER HAPPENS DON’T SELL, HOLD THE LINE!!!
Just brought GME, BB and AMC from the UK! BUY AND HOLD THE LINE
We aren't doing good this morning.
Where is the volume? What happened?
Robinhood Isn't Even Publicly Reporting All The Stocks They Removed $NAKD
This is ridiculous.
I just 1 ⭐️‘ed Robinhood. I’ll change my review when they change their name to Prince John.
HOLD
Discord
What’s the discord link ?
$ICLN TO THE MOON
$ICLN is an ETF made up of the top 40 green energy companies. It's a super reliable long term hold and I think it will continue to rise over the next few years. Obviously this is more of a boomer play but it's a safe long term bet that will definitely pay off in the long run. Buy now while it's extremely cheap! ICLN TO THE MF MOON BABY         This is not financial advice and I am not a financial advisor.
Hold!!
Just bought more AMC AND BB when its CHEAP
CNBC: 3 Fed agencies investigating
I turned CNBC on to see what they were saying and a former investigator for FINRA said Finra, the SEC and a third agency, sorry i dont remember what it was, are now investigating the trades, website, "buyers" and hedge  'll done pissed off the Real Establishment! Lets keep at it!
nobody should be selling jack shit
literally don't sell any of it
Dogecoin to the mOOn!
will you pls hold on $NAKD for fucks sake
bought in at $  tryna triple my money come on guys
Both AOC and Trump Junior agree against Robinhood
Waiting to join the 21st Century Gold Rush!
Boycott Robinhood
Boycott Robinhood for manipulating the market. Let us use some different Broker for buying GME.
The Pursuit of Happyiess
This situation is literally the pursuit of happiness, remember just keep holding, the only difference is we are going to takeover the firm not become an employee!  Everything was against Chris but he held it strong!  Hold the lines army!
Cashapp working
Was just able to buy NOK and AMC through cash app
Ethereum
Ethereum is the next bitcoins
Screenshots Robinhood App For Proof on Market Manipulation. Send Out Email Complaints and Where Are The SEC!!!
If this is not what so called “market manipulation” Why are we retailers investors getting banned and not being able to purchase stock nor search GME AMC BB etc  and why Robhinhood App is outrageous helping them?? This is not to prove for a new change. The old way doesn’t work and we are sick of it!   Edit: please I LIKE THIS STOCK GME
Wallstreet suppressing trading platforms trying to keep one from buying $NOK NOKIA
$NOK NOKIA if one can it?\ &\ !$?, so many trading platforms down or "technical difficulties"
Super late to the party, just got my 1,000 in Robinhood this morning to buy something called GME which I heard was a good nice stock. Robinhood won't let me buy it. If Robinhood allows GME purchases again, I'll reload and buy, but for   you were me, what would you buy instead?
Please and thank you, you idiot savants.
No way Jose!
What’s happening to BB rn
Why GME going up but not BB, should I sell?
Wtf is going on with amc and nok??
Is it that Robinhood closed those stocks that it’s so low or is it another scare tactic?? Asking for a fellow autist cuck.
I thought Robinhood was SUPPOSED to give to the poor?
Robinhood = Citadel
Anybody else find it highly suspicious that u/RobinhoodApp blocks people from buying $GME $AMC $NOK after Ken Griffin injects $2b (  into MelvinCapital to support their short position.  Robinhood is basically funded by Citadel
AMC to Issue   Million stocks, whats the move?
What is the move boys?
Let them know exactly what this is we’re doing: This is not a market manipulation, it’s a surge of singular Investments, because we can and because we want to! This is what the free market was made for. It was always supposed to be in control of the masses.
What the hell are they doing, opening and closing the market...
Everytime GME falls a little bit, the market is suddenly closed for some reason
Dogecoin
What do you think of doge?
Love for my GME blow it up Fidelity still allowing trades but what is going on with NOK?
You really think a hedge fund is your biggest enemy? Well think again, naive child.
Im enjoying this sh tshow way too much, so many naive sheep thinking they can beat the predator, outplay the casino.   If you greedy little retards really want to make some difference you better educate and open your eyes.   You bunch of naive noobs really think a couple of hedge funds are the culprits? You are a bunch of retards, cogs who will be left holding a the biggest shitbag of useless stock.   You need to realise one simple thing the funds are not the problem, the currupt inflationary monetary system is. Imf, fed, ecb and corrupt corporate puppet policy makers are, the folk from world economic forum, central banks chairmen, the politicians who control this garbage fiat system, not a bunch of hedgefund managers. Cmon seriously? Bloody educate yourself. Unite, but have a greater purpose than this stupid pump and dump. Do you not realise you are being manipulated and 95 % of you are going to be dumped on, this is how the market works, you naive children.   If you really want to make a difference, if you want a real war against corruption, against the elites, start opting out of fiat, start using deflationary, hard money, that cannot be printed, that appreciates with time as technological progress brings more goods and services that will be chasing a limited amount of money units, this is the only sustainable way for the system to thrive in a natural way where the distribution of benefits from the technological progress can be harnessed my all. Deflationary money is the answer. And the only deflationary money that meets the 21cent standards is btc.   You wany war, you want your freedom? Start learning who your real enemy is and how can you beat it, dont f'ing gamble in hopes that youll be the quickest to dump your bag on your fellow man. Peace.
They can’t stop us
Now I'm pissed.
What platform isn't being a little bitch for their hedgefund buddies right now? They need more business.
Question for all my BROTHERS and SISTERS, my KILLERS, my IPHONE FUCKING INSURGENTS:   the fuck do we go?
Turns out ROBINHOOD was really the SHERIFF OF NOTTINGHAM all along.  Fuck those criminals at Robinhood, fuck them right where the sun don't shine. I got my paycheck last night and was planning on pumping any non-essential cash into GME at open, but now I can't. But before we plan our revenge on them, we need to stick with the task at hand.  Fucking that little bitch Melvin for everything he has.    I'm thinking this is a good place to start a discussion of brokers that still let us fight for what's been taken from us.  I don't want to give ROBINHOOD another cent for the rest of my life.    What brokerages should us ROBINHOOD REFUGEES be moving to?
The time of the hedge funds is over, the time of the Retard has come
I’m part of the meme, put in on BB, GME, AAL, NAKD & NOK. These pricks have ruined companies and lives for too long.  I LIKE THE STOCK!
BUY GOLD AND NEWMONT(NEM)
from Germany here. My broker is still open (although very instable). Be sure that me and my friends got your back and are BUYING and HOLDING! You cannot censor us!
Everybody get DOGECOIN up to $1!!! We can do this!!! LETS GOOOOOO
NOK
#NOK GO GO GO !!!
PSA : You do NOT have to sell your holdings to change brokers !
help desk at the new broker can help you take your portfolio over without having to convert it into cash !     please do not sell if you are moving brokers !
Watching this happen in real time is absolutely hilarious. Never using RH again after this and I've only been using it for a week.
Lmao, "we'd love to help work with you through this issue." Check out RH reviews on the app stores
RH Getting Flamed on App store

Robinhood and other brokers have restricted buying shares of gme to sell-only. This is clear and deliberate market manipulation
SEC complaint page:    Robinhood contact page:    FINRA complaint page:    Disclaimer: I am not a lawyer. I am not a financial advisor. I am not a fiduciary. I am a just a retail investor.   As of this post, Robinhood has locked out buying on various stocks including GME. In my opinion, this is clear, deliberate and unethical attempt at market manipulation.   I’ve left the links unmasked for those that wish to copy and paste them elsewhere. You have my permission to do so. I prefer you do  not  credit my username so my inbox isn’t flooded.
LLY
SEND SUNDAIL TO THE MOON!!!
NOK NOK NOK Rally No Child Left Behind     11AM est.
Get in and enjoy the ride.  Huge dip going on with the market manipulation from the Suits.
I’m so proud of being a part of history
Alright, which one of you morons forgot to remove your $  sell limit??
We got as high as $468 and blamo, down she went. For shame. Let's keep this rocket going so remove those sell orders. To da moon and beyond!
Fuck RH
Looking to leave Robinhood after today. How is Ameritrade’s app holding up?
I bought 2x GME @450 :(
GME AMC BB BBBY ect... Will be banned?
By Robinhood blocking certain stocks for day trading will Robinhood reinstate those stocks as soon as they get back to a level that is so called "safe for the market". Or will Robinhood ban them forever?
We did it boys. GME stock hit
Nok
Is Nokia a too the moon ting? it’s all a bit mad
$KOSS has not been mentioned here. That seems to be strange since it has followed the trajectory of others
GNUS KODK
SEND THESE TO THE MOON THEY ARENT BLOCKED YET
Guys big doge coin       doge coin to the fucking moon
How is it legal for RH to be barring all trades on stocks/cryptos today when they’re seeing massive gains? Please file a complaint with the SEC
NAKD flying
Come on $10 by today
GME IS THE ONLY WAY
Diamond Hand Monke Man
Buy Dogecoin! Let’s send it!
WTFIcan't login TD
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Just had our 3rd circuit breaker halt of the day.
You crazy mothefuckers did it
Im so proud of all of you
The Mods of this sub are unlike all the other Reddit Mods
New to the game and looking for a better app or website than Robinhood
I have some extra money to lose and I want to buy some shares of Nokia but I just read Robinhood removed GameStop, AMC, BlackBerry, and Nokia from its platform.   I’ve been wanting for a long time to get into Stonk market and I’m glad I bought my 10 shares of AMC when I had the chance. I just got paid and I’m trying to buy some $NOK, but what’s a good app or website I can use that isn’t Robinhood?
Stand your ground guys. Buy. Hold. Send a message. We like these stocks don’t let them manipulate the course. I like these stocks. They don’t.
GME BB NOK AMC SRG - I LOVE THESE STOCKS
How many of you are still holding AMC on RH ??
Will RH resume buying AMC ???  Down 99% .... Need some moral support
Nokia???
So like this is my first ever Reddit post but is Nokia fixing to go up??? If so should I buy a couple shares???
Thanks to Citadel, the price target just went up again
Not financial advice, not trying to brigade anyone to do the same, this is just my take on it.  At first I would've been happy to close out at $1,000, and had conditional sell orders set up accordingly. But then some shady shit went down between Melvin, Citron and CNBC, as well as widespread outages across brokers, which left a bad taste in everyone's mouth. So fuck it, it's personal, I don't think I want to sell at $1,000 anymore, lets up it to 2k. Sell orders adjusted.  Then Citadel, Robinhood and their ilk decided to lock people out of GME. So you know what? Fuck you, my price target just went up to $3,000.  Y'all motherfuckers want to try for $4,000? Remember we can stay awfully regarded longer than you can stay solvent.  GME      to the       Edit: positions 400 GME, avg price $43
Sooo AMC or nah?
We buying AMC today boys?! Down to 13 $ per
DOGE is next people
Hop in now
Finally got NOK + AMC on Cashapp!
Stay committed! Don't sell! Don't give in to these assholes! Buy AMC/NOK! (Obligatory I am not a financial advisor. I am a goofball wif a wole 3 IQUE)
Look at dogecoin go to the moon!!!!!
UPDATE ON FIDELITY FOR GME
Fidelity only allows options or buying whole shares for GME.
Pulling from Robinhood
Selling everything but my BB and AMC. Fuck Robinhood, fuck the stock market.
This is WAR! Buy all the DIPS!
Meanwhile CNBC pouring gas on the flames
Where to buy GME in EUW rn?
ROBINHOOD BLOCKs Update
AAL added moments ago SNDL GME AMC  What else?
$NOK buyyyy it   It’s going to the
When Robinhood IPO's WE SHORT THEM
What happened to the play with INO. It is still a good investment and WONDERFUL SHORT SQUEEZE
INO is a great SHORT Squeeze. It worked great yesterday. And the best part is that it coudl really be a good long term investment with their high tech COVID vaccine that is simpler, easier to ship and easy to administer COVID vaccine.
Lets send PowerHouse Energy to the Moon!!   🌕🌕 Only $  at the moment
Why not boost XRP?
They're literally the ones under the most unfair siege at the moment
$NOK ing on heavens door
Stock not moving?
Why does GME keep freezing it's price?
Can I get some info on the current situation?
Fellas I'm a little late to the party, but your magnificent frenzy crossed over the Atlantic.   Does it still make sense to get into GME with +-360 usd or is it better to buy something else?
Since I couldn’t find the faq and no video I have seen help, can someone explain all this to me? Stocks and what not?
Title. (Please go easy on me, I realize I am a beta male)
What's going on right now is crazy and I'm just glad I'm a part of it!
Class action lawsuit
We need to come together! Trading platforms do not have the right to shut us down, and limit what what traded we make. Let’s form together to bring down robinhood/ally/td! Short their stocks should be next mission!
BUY BOOST FP
Everyone go buy BOOST FP ! That’s gonna be faaat
What to do about Nokia? Keep?
AMC NOK AND BB IN THE DIP BOYS
EVERYONE HOLD AMC AND GME, DO NOT FUCKING SELL! DONT LET THESE BASTARDS WIN.
They want you to panic sell so the share price plummets, hold! Do not give in!
My first thought about the hedge funders when I saw Robin Hood restricted buying of GME this morning.
Any good brokers out there?
So which brokers arent blocking these stock trades? Ive loved being with robinhood, but Im probably gonna cash out and move to a  broker that doesnt fk with their investors rights,
WeBull still trading GME and AMC
If that wasn't already obvious.
Robinhood $75 Asset Transfer to Where
Wondering where to transfer my assets to since I don't trust Robinhood anymore. Chase app decent?
I don't have options, just shares, should I sell today? Or wait and risk it tomorrow when everyone options expire? Like when would be the best time? I want to support the cause of fucking wall street. But I also don't want to lose my savings.
PUSH NOK LETS GO! BUY BUY BUY 📈📈
Let's share our success !!
RH Bad. I managed to get the funny numbers tho. WON'T STOP ME FROM HOLDIN ON
A sign of good times.
CITADEL, THE FINAL BOSS BATTLE ON OUR WAY TO MARS
Pretty fucking ironic
Corporate cucks at robinhood are bowing down to the corporate capital. Maybe they called it robinhood because they planned this big ass robbery
I want to say I am proud of all of you.
I’m not one of those people that made a lot of money off of this. In fact I didn’t even invest that much but I did it because I support what y’all are doing. This shows the common person has power and it should be noted that the elites are scared of us unifying. It’s been years since I have seen this many people unified together for a good cause. Good luck people! TO THE FUCKING MOON AND BACK BITCHES.
USE Fidelity
USE!!!!!!!! Fidelity, Fidelity,Fidelity,Fidelity,Fidelity
NOK to the moon
Buy more NOK to move to the moon.
Let’s take the elite down through DD
That’s all - this is it boys. We now know we have the power.
$AMC can still be bought on cash app.
$SNDL Push to $2 don't let the hedgies win
Ethereum
Invest in ethereum boys. If we invest all we will bring ethereum to the moon.
Fuck Robinhood. Me and my homies all hate Robinhood slimy cunts.
Vanguard is where it's at
Ok, Robinhood sucks. Vanguard is the place to be. Their website UI is straight outta the 90s, but they aren't participating in market manipulation. They take trades quickly, their customer service is good, and the DONT MANIPULATE THE MARKET. Use this service to exit the atmosphere
HOLD THE LINE ON GME
DIAMOND HANDS FOR $GME
Let's band together on another ticket after the short squeeze is over
Anyone else tired of the big man taking advantage of all us little guys??? If hedgefunds can collect all the funds and control(manipulate) what goes up and what goes down why can't we with the millions of accounts in Wall Street bets do the same thing??? Why not do the same thing that its happening right now with the short squeeze every month?  #newmonthnewtickershortsqueeze         I am not a financial advisor and would love a discussion about this.
Some lighthearted stuff about the Gamestop situation
Someone need to meme this!!!
Dont let them divide us
It happening fast and they want us to fall!!! Hold on them damn stock!!!!! Remember what happen in 2008!!! If they can cheat why cant we?? Hold like your life depends on it!!! They will pay  Hold strong  Im glad to be part of this  It aint over til it over!!!!! Hold GME
COME ON GUYS BB TO THE MOON
HOLD HOLD HOLD  BUY BUY BUY THOSE WALL STREET BANKERS AND HEDGE FUNDS LAUGHING AT US  YOU NEED TO BUY TO ACTIVATE THE SHORT SQUEEZE  COME ON GUYS
WSB: The Big Short Trailer
Stop fucking selling you retards
KEEP YOUR POSITIONS. HOLD. WHY TF ARE YOU GUYS SELLING AND BUYING SHITTING PENNY STOCKS LIKE SNDL
GERMANY HAS GOT YOUR BACKS AGAIN
our Main autist TradeRepublic Broker is back online, able to purchase more moon material of GME! Hold brothers.  No financial advice
Save NOK just a quick surge to screw the people betting against it
Don’t Panic
GAMESQUARE ESPORTS!!!!!! FaZe Clan CEO TAKING over!!!
CNSX:GSQ
GERMANS ARE ON YOUR SIDE
BUY AND   are falling
Where can we buy gme??????
Where can we buy gme the only stock that matters rn
HOLY FUCKING SHIT
it’s happening, this subreddit has taken over, pat yourselves on the back guys.
suspended for the first time, keep holding DONT SELL
DONT SELL IT GOING UP GET IT TO THE MOON
NAKD TO THE MOON
To the moon and back
NOK NOK !! UP TO 1000$

The Founders of Robinhood are billionaires most likely trying to cover them selves and there hedge fund friends!!!
The Founders of Robinhood are billionaires most likely trying to cover them selves and there hedge fund friends!!! WE WON’T LET THESE BITCHES WIN!!!
What're you guys using instead of RH now that they've joined the hedge funds side
New stocks?
Anyone got any ideas of what to raid next? Since all our current targets are unavailable for a lot of people 😰
Nice try GarbageHood (How to see the stock of your choice on there)
If you want to see the stock enter it in the last portion of the URL on RobinHood!
Take Profits and go home
Disclaimer: I do not have any position in any of MEME stocks.  I have been trading for 15+ years. My advice is that folks who have made 5x-10x returns. Take money and go home and help ourselves and our family.  Yes it might go to 1000 USD; but why to risk all your money for just 2x it when you have already make 5x-10x. Whichever way you look at it; this is right thing to do.  Yes, we are angry on those hedge funds; but give them space to survive so that we can make killing again in future.
Just bought 100 shares of AMC. Let’s do this.
How can I get started?
Where can I still buy stocks, and which ones should I be grabbing?
An idea
Make a post saying let’s make doge coin bit coin prices  hashtag #makeamemeadream
What’s happening with OGI???
What’s the increase?
Bought a shit load of NOK $ AMC HOLLLLDDD
Just got a refuel of NOK $ AMC with the down we just got.... The WHALES are going to spit the $$$$$$$
My after-hours purchase of NOK and AMC went through
If anyone bought shares on Robinhood last night like I did, double check your account. I got a notification that my shares of NOK and AMC went through around 10am. We're going to the Moon! These hedge funds can catch these
10k on bb let's gooo
I'm in guys 10k to BB to the moon
You want revenge on RH? Wait for its IPO...
LIFE HACK ALERT LIFE HACK ALERT
LIFE HACK ALERT: if you sell someone a valued asset, then you can just ban them from accessing it and they can’t do anything about you taking it back for free!
I'm doing my part for the war effort, are you?
I just bought 3 shares of GME (my first buy), all I have free ATM.   I'm only hoping to help support the current price levels. Hold steady, they can hear you now - and they are scared.
In what is looking like the latest Reddit rally. (SNDL)
In what is looking like the latest Reddit rally, shares of   Sundial Growers   (NASDAQ:  surged more than 65% in pre-market action on Thursday morning.  📷Source: Shutterstock  Cannabis play SNDL stock is among the top 10 trending stocks on the discussion website according to tracking engine  .
To All The Newcomer Here Is Your King u/DeepFuckingValue
GME! AMC! BB! NAKD! SNDL!
Robin-Your-Hood banned GME/AMC - Use CASH APP to instantly buy AMC!
M
TANK ROBINHOODS APP STORE RATING
EVERYONE GO TO THE APP STORE AND 1 STAR RATE THAT SHIT TO HELL!!!
Bought some $AG today!!
GameStop: Reddit users claim victory as $13bn hedge fund closes position, accepting huge losses
If they won’t let me buy, then I ain’t selling
We joke about Wall Street vs r/wallstreetbets wars all the time. This is the real one! Robinhood cut off buyers and delisted GME from search. Despite the most heavy handed market manipulation probably ever, it’s still going UP. So fuck Wall Street we’re the sharks now and I smell blood!
4TH SUSPENSION TODAY ON GME
What do you all think about Blackberry and or Nokia?
TDA not even letting me get in 😭
NOK TO THE FUCKING MOON
Buying 1,000 shares and holding baby. They won’t stop us. Let’s take these suits down.
Bb to the moon come on
They're Canceling Orders

Hold Hold Hold
Must show strength together. Hold on all of your stocks, do not let the suits win through manipulation. The stocks have to be opened again and when the do a floodgate will be opened with it. This is not over hold hold hold buy buy buy
Traderepublic is open again
You can now buy gme again at traderepublic. Go go go
Just bought AMC and NOK! To the fucking moooooon!
Merrill Edge just locked opening of orders for GME!
This is getting insane.
Wtf are you doing guys
WHY NOK ON   GO UP GUYS BUY NOW!!!
DONT GIVE UP ON SNDL, GME
Drive up those stocks on other platforms, don’t let the commies win
~ ~ PART OF IT ~ ~
Just dumped what I could and bought 2 little shares- let me join you!
RH fooked me, I hold for all you guys who can trade.
no     FOoK thems UP
SNDL LETS GOOOO

SOFI still works!
Go to WeBull Everyone !
They still have $GME
DONT SUPPORT BROKERAGES THAT LIMIT THE SALE OF SECURITIES - CONSIDER MOVING YOUR ASSETS
Robinhood gang, Charles Schwab, and TDAmeritrade. Pack that shit up and transfer your accounts to E TRADE or other brokerages that DIDNT limit sales. Don’t support scummy business practices by leaving your accounts with these people!
NO SEARCH. ROBINHOOD ISNT ALLOWING ANYONE TO SEE GME
RH Blocking Trades - Here's How to Transfer You Robinhood Account to WeBull -  Will Not Trigger A Sale Event
Most banks will let you open a trading account. I did with chase. Took 2 minutes and i bought into AMC and NOK. Do not give in just because of apps being dumb!
Dont do it! HOLD!
This is not right and should be illegal and it's benefiting me!
I have been running a wheel on AAL since July when I was assigned and bag held through this all. I had 3 calls at the   strike price sold to expire on February 5th that I sold for an average credit of $  The stock being suspended on robinhood benefits me since those were blown out significantly this morning. However I believe in the free market if I am wrong let me be wrong don't take away someone else's opportunity to make money and do well in life.
WE KNOW THE RISKS!!!
Sorry for my rant. I may not know much, but I know one thing. DON'T BET WHAT YOU CAN'T afford to lose. I hope and think as 'special' as this group is, everyone SHOULD know that. If they're going to shut down or restrict trading, at least own that. Susan Li on Fox Biz is at least backing that notion.   I am not a financial advisor. Only a helmet wearing noob with an opinion.
Let's decide on another stock in the meantime. Let them turn off the buying option on every dam stock on these platforms
DOGE IS NEW AMC/NOK/GME
GOOGOGOGO TOO THE MOON
AMC
Tf, I can’t invest in AMC anymore. I can only sell what I got.
NICE
Dodge coin worth it?
Wondering if we will see the same type of situation with dodge? i already have shares that aren’t doing too bad today but man it would be so dope to see them go to
Robinhood DOWN, I'm a NOOB where do I go
I messed up and sold my shares of GME two days ago and am looking for a ticket on the     Robinhood is down and not letting me get back in, I don't have any big boy $$ But I want to do my part. Who do I turn to, where do I open an account to buy more GME and AMC?
15 NOK. 11 AMC. 1 NAKD. It ain't much. But it's what I could spare. I bought the dip and I'm holding that s  t. I like this stock from all the way across the pond.
NEW TARGET
uh haha we should uh ha, $TSN?
Why are like million bots spamming dogecoin to the moon??
Downward spikes and halts occurring at the same time for AMC and GME. Brokers ending the ability to buy. Any more rabbits to pull out of the hat you cuck funds?
BB?
Bb is getting shattered today, how come gme can still climb while this is in a free fall.
They call us market manipulators because they thought we won them at their game. HOLD THE LINE BUY THE DIP! GME, BB, AMC, NOK   🏻 🌓
We will get through this together, don’t panic don’t sell!
Went through on cash app
GME KEEP HALTING WHICH MEANS IT'LL GO UP!
GME KEEP HALTING WHICH MEANS IT'LL GO UP!
ORGANIGRAM ((OGI)) SUNDIAL GROWERS ((SNDL)) DOGECOIN CRYPTO LETS GOOO
Is this the next one?
SPCE
BUY NAKD!!!
Guys!! STOP SPREADING TOO THIN!! WE NEED TO FOCUS ON NOK GME AND AMC THEN BRANCH OUT WITH THE HUGE KILLING WE MAKE OFF THOSE!! THESE THINGS COME IN PHASES!! BUY THE DIP AND WATCH IT FLY !!
Me w/ my 2 shares of GME knowing that Melvin, Shitron, and other pussboi hedge funds will never get them
Me looking for AMC and GME on WeBull
Are you guys buying anything right now? AMC, BB
BB to the moon!!!
.　　　　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　   　 　　　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\ 　　　　　　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　 　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　　　　　　　 　 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ 　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　,　　   　  .　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　ﾟ　  　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　☀️　　.  ,　　　　　　　.　　　　　　    　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　  　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　    　      　　　　　        　　　  　　　　　　　　　　. 　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　   　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　    ✦ 　   　　　,　　　　　　　　　　　      　GME & BB　　　 　　,　　　 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　 　　 　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　           　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　˚　　　 　   　　　　,　　　　　　　　　　　       　    　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　  　　    　　　　　 　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\  　　   　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　　　　         　        　　　　 　　 　　　　　　　 　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　    　　. 　 　　　　　.　　　　   　　　　　   　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　   　  ˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　ﾟ　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　 　 🌎 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ,　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\  .　　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　   　 　　　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\ 　　　　　　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.
SNDL!!!! Make The Poor rich it’s buy it and hold all together     💸💸💸💸 DO NOT SELL-and don’t be scared never to late to buy we are going to make her 6$ SNDL!!!!!
Where can I buy blockbuster stock??
I wanna jump on the train. I dont know if it's too late but at $  a share I'll dump my £10 life savings into it.
AAL Slipping
Need to drive AAL over 25
SNDL
Take this one to the moon too!
ALL IN BABY!!!!!!
Trading212 here in the UK blocking GME, talk about market manipulation...
Repost!!!   Now hear this!
I'm in the red but I'm still buying and holding
Just put 500 strong Brits in a rocket to the moon
gme gme gme some more....
DOGE COIN 1 USD GOGOGOGOGGOG
DOGE COIN 1 USD GOGOGOGOGGO
Yo gang wake up, BB's on sale right now!!!
I can not stress this enough we must make Robinhood SUFFER for protecting Hedge Funds
AFTER this battle ends, there must be a mass exodus for robinhood and at other trading place that doesn’t allow us to trade. They must pay for their crimes cuz we all know the government ain’t gonna do shit. But WE have the power, to punish them for this grade A, straight from the cow ass, BULLSH T they are trying to do rn  Position: GME @ 90, AMC, NOK, BB, EXPR  Edit: HOLD! We can not let them win (this is not financial advice blah blah)
GME and NOK. NOK is a DIP now. Tommorrow it’s 30% up retards
AAL
RH blocked AAL....
GME stock suspended again
Unable to buy via Firstrade brokerage, and now the GME stock is suspending again? What's happening?
Buying opened back up for GME on TDAmeritrade.
Looks like this morning they pulled a flex and opened back up buying for GME, I was able to successfully buy 1 share.     Where is the SEC on this manipulation?   I want to hear something from them by this evening.
Nakd
Robindood REMOVED GME FROM SEARCH!!! Do not let this happen!
What should the EU gang use?
On wich apps should the EU gang trade? Wich ones can/t u trust?
Frustrated poor guy who thought he had a chance
I thought robinhood’s whole idea was that anybody could trade, this halt of buying is market manipulation to put down the millions of middle-lower income people from makin a dollar. @Joe Biden i thought you were middle class Joe how are you gonna allow this and just watch. At the end of the day today those 10 rich dudes are gonna get rich vs the millions of workers that took a shot at the stocks market. Millions of people are gonna be scared to invest because we got fucked over today. THEY ARE TRYING TO KILL RETAIL INVESTING! THEY DONT WANT US TO HAVE OUR OPINIONS THEY DONT WANT US TO EVEN HAVE THE OPTION TO HAVE OPINIONS. THIS IS SUPPRESSION OF THE COMMON FOLK. I AM YOUR NEIGHBOR, IN YOUR TOWNS NOT THEIRS AND THEY ARE MAKING IT CLEAR WHO THEY DEEM MORE IMPORTANT. HOLD CAUSE FUCK THEM.   and yes. I Am Mad.
WHATS THE MOVE??? BB?
Dear WSB, I sincerely apologize for my paper hands today due to RH fuckery...
However, I will be taking them to small claims court in my state, suing for damages of $6500 of unrealized gains.    RH ToS states they reserve the right to de-list or halt trading for any reason they see fit.  However, Section 13 of FINRA's prohibited behaviour states    "13. Using manipulative, deceptive or other fraudulent methods to effect a transaction in, or induce the purchase or sale of, a security."  If RH is able to remove the "buy" option of a stock at any time, then consequently, they could also remove the "sell" option at any time.  This removed confidence that I would be able to sell my rightfully owned stock when I felt the time was right, and compelled me to sell before realizing maximum potential gains. Therefore, I am suing RH in small claims for violations of FINRA regulations, as well as their relationship with Citadel for $6500 as just compensation for their manipulative tactics.  Godspeed to you all here that are still in on this roller coaster of a ride.  I will be rooting for you to be dining in Valhalla on chicken tendies very soon!  Fuck RH, fuck Melvin, fuck citadel, fuck the SEC, and fuck the complicit media!
buying through TD no problem
AMC GME BB NOK all great stocks (not advice just opinion)
Soo if we keep getting fd by Robinhood, do we go nuclear and cash out on every single stock we have breaking the platform? Would that work?
$Srpt short interest 4600% ?!
Buy buy buy AMC NOK BB AAL
Webull just suspended GME
SRNE $$$$$$ TO THE MOON next stop $120
Sorrento Therapeutics has entered into a licensing agreement with Columbia University for the rights to a rapid, one-step diagnostic test that detects SARS-CoV-2 virus in as little as 30 minutes from a   of saliva.
Calling all European and Asian Autists to Save the Fellow American Autists
CALLING ALL AUTISTS FROM EUROPE AND ASIA, WE CAN STILL BUY GME, BB AND AMC. IT'S ESSENTIAL TO BUY NOW TO SAVE OUR FELLOW AMERICAN AUTISTS AND REALLY HURT THESE HEDGEFUND ASSHOLES. EUROPEAN AND ASIAN AUTISTS, BUY NOW, BUY THE DIP. SOON WE ARE GOING TO THE MOON AND BEYOND!             (I'm not a financial advisor. I'm just an autist, don't listen to me or do)
Most banks will let you open a trading account. I did with chase. Took 2 minutes and i bought into AMC and NOK. Do not give in just because of apps being dumb!
Dont do it! HOLD!
ROBINHOOD COLLUDING WITH LEAD INVESTOR D1 CAPITAL
If you go on Crunch base it lists the investors in Robin Hood. The last round list D1 Capital as a lead investor.     Who is also one of the big hedge funds that are losing on this trade? That's right D1 Capital. Well, maybe they have a small position? Maybe they didn't have as much to lose as Melvin Capital? WRONG. They are in heavier. They are far bigger.     See for yourself it's not "technical difficulties". They are manipulating HOLD.     D1 CAPITAL INVEST 200 MILLIONS IN ROBINHOOD
BB DELISTED ON ROBINHOOD! STILL UP ON WEBULL!
YOOO GUYS RYCEY IS STILL ABLE TO TRADE AND IS ONLY  !!!! GUARANTEED MONEY LETS GO!!!!!!!
GOGO Power Rangers!
I like this stock. It is a short target. Get in now!
Where to splash £10k
Got some money sitting around. Where am I to put it?
RIG
GME: STAY CALM, HOLD STRONG AND BUY IF YOU CAN.
With a lot of people looking in, looking at you SEC, Wall Street fund managers, journalists etc, figured its best to make our image look better so we can keep the best online community going.  This community of people has united left and right, smart and dumb, and made poor people rich. And there was no news about uniting people at a time of political unrest (we don’t even talk about that here) educating people, dragging people out of debt and poverty.   WSB did Something that big business and the government can’t do. We did all of that. Where’s the thanks, huh?   This is not a stock manipulation community, this does not support any extremes politically, this is a community of united people, and all are welcome (unless you’re a bot or   , and before you read into that and consider hate speech, what’s hateful about Rainbows and Bears? You think it’s hateful, that’s you thinking it’s hateful, you’re hateful.)   We don’t discuss personal stuff, we are united in our interest in making money. That’s all rich people do, and now your pissed that poorer people want to do the same??? Shame on you.   So in support of keeping this community going I thought what else unites people apart from buying and holding GME? Music. (See, we don’t just talk about stonks here)   Here’s my playlist for today and for the future whilst I’m holding, buying more when I can, and supporting the brothers and sisters that are present in this community:    Holding strong on GME (     🌕🌕🌕   🐂🐂🐂🐂) fuck all the other distractions, that’s small fish in the ocean, GME is the big fucking Moby Dick and we’ve got it on our line and we’re reeling it in and there’s nothing you can do about it.   This is for all the times, you took our money, took our houses, took our careers, took our friends careers, manipulated our banks, politicians and families. We relied on you to do something about this when all this happened and you did nothing. So, here we are doing ourselves, getting ourselves out, paying back debt, making something of ourselves, grabbing our bootstraps whilst sitting on the short bus and now driving the bus ourselves.  And guess what, if it was the other way round and  U/deepfuckingvalue was holding large shorts, and Wall Street was propping up the stock would Bloomberg, CNBC, FT, SEC even bother looking here? Absolutely not. They don’t care about little fish like you or me, they care about Whales and guess what we’ve got. One day you will be the little fish, one day you will have the whale because you (as individuals) are just like us (except some of you actually get to fuck other people’s gfs from time to time)   Anyway, I’m working two jobs, watching the stonks and holding strong.   see you fuckers on the moon!
$BB going down. I'm not gonna sell but do my fellow retards have my back?
This GME war is on. How do I trade a stock if my brokerage won’t let me?
Pls halp
GME

HOLDDDDDDDDDD AMC
We're going to have a huge bounce back trust
Foresight autonomous ticker:FRSX
I can see their Quadsight vehicular technology getting sold to some big corporation in the   solving the detection of obstacles in harsh lightning and weather conditions for autonomous car’  also Think I read somewhere, That they are dealing with COVID Temperature scanning for airports and public   been in since $5 it’s at $8 rn but just something to throw out   like the upside on this one, longterm.
$SNDL bought, holding.
Too me forever but I just took the perfect screenshot of GME   🌕🌕
Leave a Negative Review for the Robinhood App
We are the core of their platform and they’re trying to silence us?! One star reviews everyone
Keep an eye on NAKD
DOGE
So we all moving to dogecoin? 📈
DO NOT WAVER MEN
Need gme nok
Where the fuck can I buy any of these? Tryna join in but can’t find a way of buying any
Thanks to our European comrades for supporting this historical moment. We will win! Just hold!
NAKD NAKD NAKD!!! UP UP UP! MOON BOYS AND GIRLS!
Focus the fire on one stock instead of failing in everyone. NAKD NAKD UP TO $5!!!
Follow my Instagram for the rally on dogecoin to get to
TRADING 212 Also Blocking Buys (Sells Allowed). Beyond Disgusted By This.
Why can’t I buy!!?
I can’t buy GME on Robinhood!! Fuck them what app can I use now? WeBull, E TRADE?
WEALTH REDISTRIBUTION
THE THING IS IS THAT YEAH HEDGE FUNDS EMPLOY PEOPLE BUT WHAT LIKE 4000 AT MOST??  COMPARE THAT TO HOW MANY PEOPLE COULD BENEFIT OFF OF THIS!! MILLIONS!!  THESE ARE GREEDY BASTARD BILLIONAIRES THAT HABE NO HEART AND DONT CARE ABOUT PEOPLE LIKE YOU AND ME.  KEEP HOLDING NO MATTER WHAT, THIS IS NOW A MOVEMENT!!!  THIS IS HOW “TRICKLE-DOWN ECONOMICS” SHOULD WORK.   THE SYSTEM HAS TO CHANGE FUNDAMENTALLY AND THIS IS OUR CHANCE.  Thank you. That is all.
ALL INTO NOKIA BOYS
DONT MISS OUT, STICK IT TO THE MAN!
Buy $AMC
Let’s go!
What about Blackberry? Next?
Should we go after Black Berry next?
Watching SNDL Go....
You can buy on E TRADE!!!!
$QS?
Make Em Suffer and bleed their pockets.
It's clear who's side robinhood is on, In all seriousness are there any trading app and firm alternatives that aren't engaging in this disgusting act of market manipulation?
STOP SELLING YOU RETARDS OR WE WILL LOSE THE BATTLE
AMC BB NOK HOLD OR BUY NOW ITS LOW, DONT LET US LOSE
HOLD THE FUCKING LINE, DONT GIVE IN, DONT GIVE UP.
DONT FRICKIN GIVE IN AND SELL.  HOLD THE LINE.  DONT GIVE UP THE SHORT SQUEEZE OF A LIFETIME!
Robinhood must be screening this room. Someone make a Clubhouse room and we can talk in person about buying in stocks!!!
Fidelity still allows you to buy AMC and GME! I just bought some a few minutes ago! Come on over to Fidelity!!
Every stock Mentioned here is getting taken down from   Amazon, apple, and spy. (Fuck you, you rich pricks)
Robinhood has failed us: who can we go to now?
What online traders (preferably free trades but at this point IDK) are still allowing GME purchase?
Dry Land is not a MYTH! DOGE
Dogecoin is going to the moon right now
STOP SELLING ON ROBINHOOD. HOLD!
Wtf y’all doing. Just cause it’s locked doesn’t mean you sell your hand
Just got my paycheck Buy the dip $BB $AMC
Paid my bills had some left buying more BB AMC
AMC whats with that
So whats going to happen to AMC
HOLD $GME!
Which Brokerage did not halt trading?
If anyone knows a broker that is not trying to illegally manipulate the market, let us know.      I'm moving my money there
Can I trust Robinhood
I was about to pull the trigger and sign up for RobinHood but they are asking for my social security number and that scares me. Are they trust worthy? am I just being paranoid?
HOLD THE LINE
Hey guys, I lost 5k on bb overnight, should I really hold?
for real tho. is there still hope?
NUGT!! Buy gold. Fuck the shorts
Robinhood, IB probably vetted the bans with the SEC before doing it
I’m angry. I don’t even use Robinhood or IB and I’m pissed. Save your energy complaining to the government. They’re in on it. The media, the brokers, the damn government agencies too.  The solution? You have to hold and vote with your god damn wallet. Whenever you can buy then fucking BUY. I’m never selling you fucking ornamental gourd fuckers.
MODS, DO NOT DELETE!
CLEVELAND, Jan. 28, 2021 -- The securities arbitration and class action law firm of ChapmanAlbin LLC announced today that it is investigating claims on behalf of Robinhood users that were affected and suffered losses as a result of investing in Gamestop or AMC through the Robinhood brokerage platform. “Just a month ago, the Massachusetts securities regulators filed a lawsuit against Robinhood for aggressive, dishonest marketing practices geared toward inexperienced investors,” says Philip Vujanov, an attorney at ChapmanAlbin. “Now, Robinhood appears to be up to the same old tricks, recruiting social media influencers to encourage individuals to sign up and fund a Robinhood account and beginning purchasing shares of securities such as Gamestop and AMC, with no consideration as to the suitability of the purchases. To make matters worse, Robinhood proceeded to place trading restrictions on the securities just a day later.” ChapmanAlbin has helped investors, worldwide, recover millions of dollars in savings invested in fraudulent investment schemes or lost due to the misconduct of broker-dealers or financial advisors. If you wish to discuss this announcement, please contact Attorney Philip Vujanov of ChapmanAlbin LLC at   ChapmanAlbin LLC Philip Vujanov, Esq. 700 West Saint Clair Avenue 200 Hoyt Block Cleveland, OH
DOGE, instant millionaires , if we all buy and gold and get this crypto to 1 we can all make a TON of money
HOLDING GME, Sell order set to $1,000,000
$BLFS - good stock, good products in Post COVID era. What do you think?
Guys change your robinhood stock broker to public or anyother stock brokers. Fuck robinhood. Time has come to put an end to robinhood. They calling us manipulative? Well fuck you ROBINHOOD. I already moved my account to public app. Allows buying gme and all others.
BUY AND HOLD #AMC
What is up with Nokia??
Big Govt and Corporate America
They are trying to silence us and keep us poor. Suspended trading Censored voices This is bigger then democrats or republicans. Keep trying. Freedom for us little guys
Sue the SEC?
So we are up to what, 6, 7 trading platforms locking GME trading at this point, while the SEC doesnt seem to be taking any kind of action at all. As it all unfolds, im sure lawsuits against the platforms will be imminent, but shouldnt we sue the SEC for failing to do its legal duty?
DOGE 📈
DOGE!!!
Robinhood? More like Prince John, am I right?
BOTTOM TEXT
BB dropping I hope more ppl buy and hold today
Webull suspended GME trading as well as of 7:20PST
Dogecoin is just exploding!
Up to the moon guys!     The dogecoin rocket is just launching, get in!!

GTE
CLASS ACTION AGAINST AMERITRADE AND ROBINHOOD
WE ALL PUT IN $1 AND ALL YOU FRAT BOYS LAWYER DADS BUILD THE DREAM TEAM BETTER THEN OJS AND WE SUE THE FUCK OUT OF AMERITRADE SCHWAB AND ROBINHOOD  TO THE MOON
Rashida Tlaib calling for hearings on Robinhood’s market manipulation
Anybody have any insight on trade station?
You got scared and sold AMC? F U I JUST DOUBLED DOWN ON THE DIP
LET'S WATCH MOVIES ON THE MOON
THIS IS FUCKING WAR
DONT LET THEIR DIRTY TRICKS FOOL YOU  THE SHORTS ARE STILL IN PLAY  DONT LET THEM WIN  HOLD!
BB
BB on sale good time to buy the dip
Holding from Sweden
Robinhood 1 star
Go to App store and give Robinhood a 1 star it's over for them. They turned on the people.
Big News for SERNOVA Corp
Look at SERNOVA CORP.  A great company with huge news.  You are successfully trying to combat diabetes and now you have large collaborations.  Very low capitalization.  Take this great company to the moon
Shall we start a boom investment of WOOLWORTHS?
GME Trading Halted!
Processing img no10wtk1c3e61...
Is AMC in a downward spiral or a minor dip?
Robinhood won’t let me buy gme where do I go
Can we get some love for BB WSB?
The fire is not dying, buy this dip and hold till it reaches the MOON
Robinhood canceled my sisters order even tho it was BEFORE the Robinhood cut off
BB update
jo guys, BB is going down bad, any opinions on what to do??, do we stay???
All out war with the elites
Could the wsb survive going to war with the elites? Im highkey proud of what the degens here have achieved but opening my eyes wider of the industry makes me mad that they can get away with such blatant manipulation. Someone write me a story or link me to one. I would like to read it.
u/DeepFuckingValue this whole time
What about
What about
Dogecoin to $1 ⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️
I'm scared. Need support. Makes some DIAMOND HANDS could hold me up!!!!!!! HOLD THE LINE!
🙃
AMC to the moon
AMC to the moon
To all the retards dividing us and mentioning these other stocks
Hey asshole the RH thing is partially on you. We were enjoying a nice short squeeze and you got greedy. When we’re constantly mentioning new things everything we mentions runs you make it easy for the chodes on RH and Wall Street to say  hurr durr  market manipulation and let a situation like this happen. I can’t purchase for positions I’ve been in for months due to this shit but with that said, I’m fed up. I ain’t got much but 5k in my RH account but I’m taking every penny to GameStop no matter the price . I wasn’t even interested in the squeeze but now they’ve gone and spat in my face . They’ve made enemies of people who had no interest in this quarrel . To my Longs hold the line and see you on the other side brothers. Whether we squeeze Melvin out of existence or I’m on a ramen noodle diet the rest of my life I’m ready for the flames no matter who’s in them
What are we trying to blow up today boys?
Robinhood makes money from CITADEL by selling order flow. Guess who their customers are.
Wtf is happening with $NOK and $AMC???
I thought we were going to send Nokia and AMC to the moon, why are both of these in the red?
You idiots
Why are half of you so fragile? Ride this scare tactic to the moon with GME. If you can’t lose it, don’t buy it.  Retards.
GME bullshit options tanking price. This is the end boss
Can’t even buy Doge on RH. Wtf
Just saying, somebody should outline WHAT message is trying to be sent. So when hedge fund dogs search WSB, they see a message pinned at the top.
Title says enough. Every organization needs a clearly stated reason.
The autist who has bad timing and always hears shit lastt
All this fuss made me buy GME today at the HOTD. Im down now alot and thoughts of suicide are coming! Thx for luring me in and making me feel this way! I probably deserve this because I fap too much!!
DO NOT SELL, BUY MORE AND HOLD ! THIS IS HISTORY IN THE MAKING
short the shorts
If we can't go long on their shorts, we can still go short on their longs.
OVERSEAS INVESTORS HOLDING THE LINE
We hold the line as you can switch brokers BUT WE CANT HOLD IT FOREVER!!!!  STAY STRONG TRUE     HANDS! PROUD OF ALL AMERICANS HOLDING THRU THIS GARBAGE CITADEL MELVIN CITRON RH MANIPULATION!!!
$SNDL is blocked now too on RH
Buy Nokia!
Everyone start stocking up on NOK, that's the next one to take-off!
We like the stock and WE LIKE GETTING $NAKD
Hold that $GME tight, but bring those diamond hands over to our naked party k?
Too the moon and never back!!! Let's go boys squeeze the shit out of $NAKD

What’s next
Is there any stock what we’re gonna manipulate that hasn’t been banned from the fuckers at robinhood
Is BB another example of shortsqeeze
Newbie here , but really seems  to me it’s is. Perhaps it’s time to throw some $ as per GME. It’s frustrating to me how these institutional folks can get away with the level of manipulation they apply on the market.
Hold
Kinda funny how it just disappears from headline news over night none of the channels are talking about it there’s something up and I don’t like it..
LET’S GET NAKED UP
GET IT UP FOLKS
No experience in this. Is it too late to sign up on a stock trading website and get in on this?
And if so, which should I sign up for? I'm a dual US/UK citizen living in the UK, and couldn't sign up to Freetrade because of that.
Ken Bone with words of wizdum. Frick RH
GME
Someone reaffirm my GME bias. Holding to the edge of the universe!!!!
Hold GME. Don’t sell and it will skyrocket
Bbw bbw bbw ROCKET
Pressure from authorities
The fact that multiple competitors all restricted transactions on these stocks points to regulatory action. That’s how these agencies act. There’s no way it’s just the Street behind this. And I’m not talking about the Sesame.
$10K $GME to Support the Revolution! BURN WALLSTREET TO THE GROUND
How to win a rigged game
BUY THE BIG DIP!!! @alhinbabbie
Transfer your money out of Robinhood. Don't let them make money off of your cash sitting there.
title
NAKD TO THE MOON
It’s up to you guys. It can happen again.
i need your help reddit
i bought mtrx stocks at   cad thinking its gonna shoot to 2$ like usual but i got butt fucked so im counting on you to buy it now (  cad) so we can all profit (first reddit post so if i did something wrong pls tell me)
Blasphemy!!
Robinhood stopped $AAL buying after a $5 increase. Wallstreet is really shook today. Im getting out of robin hood when this run is over. holding $amc $bbby and $nok until they allow trading again
Good dip on NOK down 24% get in!
You can buy AMC on cashapp!
Just bought some. Let’s repeat what we did with GME!
SPCE, SPCE, SPCE to the MOON    >>>>$$$$$$
GME and AA are done.  Let's take Chamath and Richard to ORBIT :)
$  achieved but goal posts have been moved. New target $69,420. This is personal now. $GME TO PLUTO
M1 Finance ALLOWING purchase of BANG Stocks!!!!
Link to BANG portfolio:
Buy and HOLD NOK , AMC, NAKD
Don't let them win!
HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD. SQUEEZE WILL HAPPEN
BUY AMC NOW
Can buy and sell on sirius xm but can only sell gme on robinhood. I have pics can I send that shot to the SEC
Title says everything. Fucking retarded company robinhood shilling is insane. I want them to burn when this is over. Where do I send the pics of discrepancies
Guys get ready to buy more GME in about an hour. Ignore all the other rocks. They’re a smokescreen started by Melvin bought bots.
Full disclosure: bought into GME at $20-ish? I thibk? When that Michael Burry article came out. then sold at the height of covid when the stores near my house all started shutting down. Oh well YOLO. bought in again Over the past few days just to stick it to the man. And since I’ve noticed a small something, take of it what you will and this ain’t no financial advice, I just like the stock.   In the past 48 hours there have been a lot of other random calls for other stocks. I truly believe the Man is trying to split our retail investor army funds by distracting. Also, they know this sub is getting a LOT of traction, people who have never stuck through and diamond handed but are just trying to make a quick buck. The exact same thing happened with Bitcoin and the alt coin pump and dump revolution back in 2017? 2018? Ish.   This is purely my speculation but I wanted roc start a discussion. Yesterday too the stock opened high then ranked around 10am PST as the Man started the full on market manipulation  . You have to remember that hedge funds are on both sides of this battle; the robo investors and algorithms are probably to blame for the 100%+ swings we’ve been seeing in the last two days. And it’s going to get worse before it gets better, for reasons a lot of you have already mentioned.   If my speculation is correct, yes we are past $400 but there WILL be a midday dip today. DIAMOND HAND BUY THE DIP AND LETS BLAST THESE MOTHERFUCKERS TO OBLIVION ON OUR WAY TO THE NEXT GALAXY!!!!!!
NeW tO sToNkS
ArE tHeRe AnY sToNkS yOu GuYs LiKe?!?!!
What’s this BS? Cannot buy the sale. Anyone know how to get around this
Robinhood
Robinhood took from the rich and gave to the poor. Fuck these big wigs and old boomers. GME to Pluto
BUYYY ALL NOK LET'S GOOO
Robinhood alts
Hello WSB, Been a lurker for a little while since recently joining the retail investor market a month or so ago. After today’s fiasco, I want to leave RobinHood FOR GOOD. Slimy fucks. I intend on making an account on TD Ameritrade to also use for my retirement account (recently got laid off so I’m moving out of my old company’s 401k to manage it myself) buuut to my knowledge TD doesn’t do fractional shares like RH does. Is it a good idea to just move to TD completely or are there any good alternatives to RH that anyone would like to recommend? Would appreciate any response, thanks WSB!
Now what? Where does the train go now?
Revolut is still on
GME and others are still tradable on Revolut, so you can buy there!
FUCK MELVIN AND KENNITH GRIFFIN
This you?
Korean GME situation
Hello people, Im a Korean ridimng the GME rocket; however some banks and brokers have halted BUYING and SELLING OF GME. Particularly SHINHAN BANK. They notified their users to call them sirectly for any orders, but they hangup/leave on hold so we cant trade.    Its not clear how lomg this policy will be held and if other brokers will join. This will def cause a shit storm tomlrow morning. Until then peace    KOREAN GME HOLDERS CALL YOU WSB 'BURGER HYUNG' OR 'BURGER BROTHERS' REMEMBER THIS ISNT ONLY FOR AMERICANS ITS GLOBAL! FUCK ALL INSTITUITIONS THAT FUCKED US ALL INDIVIDUAL TRADERS!!  GME TO THE FUCKING MOON
LEGGOOO DOGE
Let’s rally up doge
LLIT
LLIT
Guidance
Please fellow retards tell me what rocket ship to get aboard? Are we all agreeing on AMC, GME?
They're saying we throttled but we're higher avg than yesterday?? Makes no sense GME
Everyone knew this would happen. (We Must Hold)
We all knew they wouldn’t let this go down without a fight.  HOLD GME BB NOK AMC
DOGE +85% only .023/share - Doge for the win. Take our freedom of the other two and we will find a 3rd to ride to glory.
What brokerage can you still buy AMC and GME on. I will put in everything I got.
If you sold #GME, the safest investment to secure your earnings seems to be dogecoin
What will fallout be for RH?
They have singlehandedly manipulated the market and have costs us millions.
RH Removing BB, NOK, AMC just to name a few
A personal message to WSB
I've been following this GME shit for a while.  At first I was skeptical, then I thought I missed the boat.  Then when this shit continued to blow up over the last couple days I thought I could at least get in on a little of the action.   So I sold a few of what little stocks I had last night in order to have enough to buy just a single share of GME this morning, only for this bullshit with RH to happen.    I've never had real money.  I can't throw thousands around.  Actually at this point hundreds is all I have to my name.  I made just enough to support my wife (disabled) and myself (also somewhat disabled), until I lost my job at the beginning of Covid.  Since then we found out she has cancer, and we made the choice to move in with her parents while she's doing her best to fight it off.  It's been a real absolute shit show of a 9 months or so for us, even more so than most people.  But I thought maybe, just maybe, this could be a little sliver of hope for us.  But no, these greedy wall street fucks, hedge funds, and millionaires couldn't have that.  And now I'm stuck just holding onto my measly dollars that I could've spent adding an extra screw or bolt to the   to the moon.   It's not like I even have enough money to move to somewhere other than RH.    So WSB, all I ask is that you show these greedy bastards what a   to the anus feels like.  Do it for those of us who can't.  May your    take you far and your memestonks only go up.
Robinhood can burn to the ground
They stopped letting me trade in GME now
Down 1500 on BB and GME this morning...
But guess what, IM HOLDING BECAUSE I AM IN LOVE WITH THIS STOCK. If you love the stock, who can stop you from embracing it?
GOOGLE IS COMPLICIT IN TRYING TO MANIPULATE $GME BY NOT SHOWING RESULTS IN SEARCH.
Robinhood has to go?
So is everybody going to move away from robinhood?  Their shutting down trading is almost certainly to protect the big money thats going to push their ipo up.  A big "f you" would be millions of users abandoning and making them practically worthless.
ROBINHOOD TAKES BUYING POWER AWAY
I just went to buy some dogecoin and I made an order that got denied. However, none of the money was returned to me. Lost buying power and cant make new orders at all
Questions on continuing forward without manipulation you APES!!!!
So what were we to say if buying cheap options on large cap stocks... That are usually slow movers. Were roughly   million dumb apes so why not? Obviously it would have to produce a dividend so they couldnt unsupport it... If thats not possible then i like SFT. Im still Holding AMC/NOK. Gamestop ive never been able to get my hands on. But the contracts for AT&T are dirt cheap... its an example i just couldnt think of any off the top of my head. Toughts??
Robinhood blocked AAL!!
Robinhood just banned AAL!!! WTF IS THIS SHIT
The Doge Up Coming
Since we can’t buy any other good shares, couldn’t we do what we did to GameStop to doge?
Buy crypto ! They can’t control the cryptocurrency market !!! Dogecoin and Bitcoin to the moon !!!!!
PSA... about Robinhood
If Robinhood is not letting you buy... switch to the broker that comes with your bank for example I switched to Jp Morgan through my chase account to buy more GME.
Is there a new mega thread for GME?
A support group if you will, instead of just seeing a dozen new posts.   This is all b llshit.
🏻  🏻$GME $AMC $NOK $BB
SOME OTHER BROKERAGES (FIDELITY) ARE ALLOWING TRADES ON GME AND AMC STILL. THEY CAN’T KEEP THESE STOCKS SUSPENDED FROM TRADING FOREVER, BUY THE DIPSSSSS & HOLD
ETrade
How do I instant deposit like Robinhood?
BBW pls?
BBW is a good buy or hold at this moment?
Read this if your scared. We will go up again before the day is over!!
🚨MOST IMPORTANT THING YOU WILL READ ALL DAY: $AMC/NOK/BB/GME/NAKD🚨 It’s unlikely anyone here is selling. This is a short ladder. It only looks like the stock is selling off, ini reality, it’s not. Hedge funds sell back and forth with one another at lower and lower bids in rapid succession, tricking algorithms into thinking there is a mass sell off when there actually isn’t. (They do this to scare off retail investors to engineer a sell off).  Once the attack is over, the stock will normally go back up due to its demand. Then they will rinse and repeat their attack, each time hoping to chip away more and more retail investors. Most people in here know this, so if retail investors are selling, it’s unlikely that it’s anyone at all.
Elon watching SNDL this morning
Is stash working??
Is anybody having luck getting stash to work I’ve been trying to login for over an hour and a half
This does make logical sense.
BIY THE DIP DON’T BE SCARED MY BRETHREN $AMC $NOK $BB - using STAKE
This isn’t new for Robinhood. $HMMY (MoviePass) has been like this for at least a year, maybe longer. They stink.
They won't stop us! Buy GME, NOK, AMC and BB!
We can't let these fraudulent people screw us over like the've been doing for too many years now. We must unite and let them see what happens if they try to stop us. \ this is not financial advice\
BUY DOGE BUY DOGE BUY DOGE BUY DOGE BUY DOGE BUY DOGE
I don’t have much but got in to support. Let’s do this!
This is where we buy GME people!
It will skyrocket atleast 10 % the first minute when market opens!
Halted again
Do not sell!!! 5k is not a joke!
ATTENTION: TRADING ALSO BLOCKED ON SOME EUROPEAN TRADING APPS SUCH AS ETORO AND TRADE REPUBLIC
Fellow NA retards some of us european retards wanted to cover for the audacity of robinhood but were denied by our local trading apps.   THIS IS BIGGER THAN WE HAVE THAUGHT! WE ARE ALSO NOT ABLE TO EXECUTE TRADES ON NOK, GME AND AMC.  PLACE ORDERS WITH BANKS or BROKERS OPEN UP ACCOUNTS AND FUCK SHORTSELLERS EVEN MORE! I BELIEVE IN YOU!
Webull still let you buy all the stocks
Where are all the AMC buyers???
I bought GME from eToro. It seems their servers are struggling to handle the load but they haven't blocked buying GME.
The title.
DOGECOIN
Dogecoin is growing quick af today already showing 115% growth. I know we’re all holding AMC but while that’s frozen y’all can grow your money on dogecoin
Anyone selling is a
They’re trying to scare us into selling. They don’t want a bunch of retards running around making thousands/millions. Hold the line.
Just got this email from Wealthsimple about "hot" stocks
Charles Payne with and epic rant on GME
Incredible, even a fox business crony is on our side. Moral of the story? HOLD THE LINE.
!!! CHAMATH, Please open your own trading platform & I guarantee all of us that just got screwed over by RH & other trading platforms that are manipulating the market today will come aboard!🙏
Wall street bets is getting shutdown.  Less gooooooooo  PREMIUM STREET BETS-     This is some bullshit what Robinhood is doing today locking us out from buying stocks! I for one will be taking my money out & finding a different platform to trade in that believes in free & open capitalism. Shame on you Robinhood for bowing down to the hedge funds & screwing over all the retail investors that supported your platform since you came into existence! 🖕🤬🖕  Chamath, I hope you're out there reading this! Your interview yesterday on CNBC really struck a chord with all of us here. Thanks for sticking up for the little guy! You're the fuckin' man!!!
TRADING 212 In the UK...
Hold the Line
Fellow retards we need to focus all our attention on GME BB AMC and NOK! do not sell! hold and buy the fucking dips! Do not let the bots tell you new shit!   Lets take the fucking rocket to pluto
RH: You can sell
1611876138
$NAKD
Nakd to the moon   let’s go bois!! We love the stockkkk
WEBULL for the win!!!
WEBULL up and running
NOK
CRAZY NOK ALL HELP
REED
Stash app
Just curious, i started using stash app in June. what are your opinions on the best app to use?
BUY VARTA
TD Ameritrade having all kinds of errors right now/won’t let me see charts.. anyone else?
Go downvote Trading 212 on Play Store, Can't go on GME or AMC !
Fuck them up
Unify AMC, BB, NOK
We are all bleeding today 🩸  GME is king, but we need to rally and unify  AMC is down 42% BB is down 28% NOK is down 24%  If we all pooled together under one team — we could push the stock sky high! Should it be GME or another one? Thoughts?
SPCE??? 👀👀👀👀👀👀
BEEN CALLING THESE PRICKS OUT FOR A YEAR--//± PRESCIENCE POINT CAPITAL CAN EAT A 🍆🍆TOO!!! 🖕  -YOURS TRULY, A   👑 ALL WE HAVE TO DO IS HOLD!!!
WE HOLD! ALL! NIGHT!
PUSH SNDL TO THE MOOON💥💥💸📈
We all knew it all along, just didn’t want to believe it!
HOLD THE LINE AND KEEP STRONG 🤚🤚 💪 💪     🤚 🤚 🤚🌕🌕
Not ticker to $100 LETS GO!!!
Mexicans coming to invest in GME, NOK, BB, AMC
I'm in UK. Trading on capitol app. All trades fine..
TDA App Offline
Anyone else unable to log in to the TDA App??
Next?
Can we make $RYCEY explode too?
It’s only a $1 lol
KMX
Nelk is in and this post is about to take amc to the moon. HOLD DO NOT SELL
Will $BB recover?
It’s looking awfully poorly.
Sundial Growers Closed now too???
Sofi App allowing AMC, nok, bb trades.
BUY NAKD
NAKD!!!!!!!!!!!
This another sad attempt to manipulate the normies... Sad media!
NOK AMC NOK AMC
BUY
AMC??????
Give 1 star ratings to Robinhood on the appstore
Robinhood has chosen to limit the stocks allowed to be traded on their app, and we must unite to screw them over on their rating in the Appstore.
AAL has a lot of room to run! Let's charge!
-60$ loss!!! Where can i get back!?!?
Trading 212 trading platform (Europe) blocked users from buying AMC!
Processing img 2i8pvzzfc3e61...
Charles Schwab don't give a fuck
Get you a Schwab account
They can’t blacklist stocks forever, just engage the   🤚 and be patient.
Imagine playing your best hand and you still lose the game...
These hedge funds just played their best possible move; they restricted trading on the stocks they were shorting on as many trading platforms as they could.    Welp, GME stock is still going up and it’s only about time until NOK, BB, AMC, BBBY, etc follow.  Don’t sell, they’re just trying to bait you like fish.  These hedge funds got shitty worms.  We should be celebrating, this is their best hand and it ain’t doing shit.    Pop the bottles and watch the market moon tomorrow and moon even harder next week.  We’re the level 100 boss and the Hedgefunds got all their abilities on cool downs.         Whoever came up with this plan in the Hedgefunds plan is about to get flamed so hard, poor guy :(
CTRM buy the dip fags
just doing my part #robinhood #HedgeFunds #Citadel 👇🏻👇🏻👇🏻
I'm in amc with revolut let's go
Don't let them win on Nokia! #Robbinghood
Out of every single option I have put 100% of my faith in Nokia and Naked! Dont let them win! Go to other trading platforms and buy buy buy or hold!!! Fuck robbinghood!
The Crash is Coming in 69 Days. Why? Because WE LIKE IT
ok all you clusterfucks out there. some tips for you (the little guy) to avoid once the crash happens. trade on your bloody brokers' website. yes not the bloody app, because the SEC requires brokerages to possess the capacity to place trades. Hence, no bloody way for any excuses "oh, the app was experiencing technical difficulties" or "trade not executed" - the way your ex gf says when she wants to break up with you  for your demi clusterfucks out there who don't know how to log onto a browser, pick the damm phone up and call your bloody broker, the same way you order a half assed cheeseburger with no cheese and extra fries from your burger donald. make the bloody call and wait on the line   and now, get bloody rich, you clusterfucks and thank me later
BUY $KERN
GO buy $KERN
Hear Me Out - Revenge Short
Wall Street AND big tech must have done something to sway all the major consumer brokerages to stop supporting GME, AMC, BB, NOK, etc. We were able to squeeze their shorts last time—why could we not short their stocks and take shorts on Apple and GS to the fucking stratosphere? If this is completely autistic, I’d appreciate that feedback too.
NCTY
NCTY   \ not advice\
Infuriating.
Can’t set up an account with Charles Schwab
So I saw the growth that was happening with GME and decided that I wanted to buy into it a bit, both to make some money and also to help fuck over the hedge funds. But in the process of making my account, it gives me an error and says that they can’t set up my account. Is there any way to solve this or are there any other brokerages that are also good?  (Sorry if this isn’t allowed, first post here)
BB
DO NOT SELL
These little shits think that this will break us? Doing this will just make us retards enjoy burning you to the ground,   my brothers, HOLD THE LINE
Every time gme dips vanguard puts a hold on trades
Wtf
Can I get the other side of the story?
I'm curious to see any justification on Robinhood's part because at the moment everyone is spewing out they are in the wrong and I honestly can't see Robinhood's actions as anything but illegal...  HOLD U TARDS BB ALL THE WAY
Fidelity today says I can't purchase fractional shares of GME. See picture of fractional shares held. SMDH
Taking a STAND for what's RIGHT. GME!
I am taking a stand.  This is not about me. This is not about politics. This is class warfare. It's a handful of people on throne of power against EVERY SINGLE ONE OF US. EVERY SINGLE ONE OF US.   It is Melvin Capital, its buddies and the likes against all of   if you are not trading GME, BB or AMC.  This is not about the tendies to pay off the student loans OR to save for some medical bills OR to get a little financial cushion in your wallet OR to save for your kids OR to save for yourself OR to have some play money. Whatever your reason, this is not about money anymore.  The blatant abuse of power is nothing short of criminal and has to be held accountable.  I have played by the rules. I know I am in right. I live the stock and I am holding.  But I am also doing the following:  1. Open a complaint with the SEC 2. Open a complaint with FINRA 3. File a compliant directly with Robinhood that has selectively prevented me from buying into GME 4. Dump Robinhood 5. Help with the class action lawsuit against Robinhood. 6. Help with the class action lawsuit against Melvin and its buddies.  THIS IS FUCKING PERSONAL NOW.
Dogecoin!
Run up dogecoin! Cant shut down crypto!!!
HALTS AGAIN? Really? Running out of ideas it seems
#THIS IS MIRRORING EARLIER THIS WEEK. YOU SHOULD NOW BE TEMPERED AND STRONG TO HALTS. HOLD THE LINE LADS!! THE FACT THEY NEED TIME OUTS LIKE THE LITTLE PIECE OF SHIT WHO NEVER PLAYED TAG CORRECTLY AS KIDS. SHOW THEY ARE OUT OF IDEAS. WE WILL NOT FALTER. HOLD LADS!
It would be very interesting to watch $GME do a stock split right now
I’m curious to see the outcome as is, but I could only imagine how that would go
$NAKD
$NAKD BABY BUY THE DIP LETS GO THE MOON
GOIN RAGE!!!!!!!! FCK ROBINHOOD
GON BUY MORE AND MORE AND MORE
Rep. Rashida Tlaib is on our side
BB ON A HUGE DIP RN BUY BUY BUY!!!
Dogecoin?
CITADEL BAILS MELVIN AND ITS SISTER COMPANY RUNS ORDERS FOR ROBINHOOD
Kinda funny how Citadel bailed out Melvin and their sister company does order flows for robinhood and they ahve magically stop trading GME, AMC, NOK, NAKD,etc...
IF WE BURN YOU BURN WITH US
IF WE BURN YOU BURN WITH US. THAT's ALL I WANT TO SAY.
WE ARE THE LARGEST HEDGE FUND IN THE WORLD. HOLD YOUR POSITION!
WE ARE THE LARGEST HEDGE FUND IN THE WORLD.  WITH OVER   M FELLOW RETARDS, AND A PURCHASING POWER OF AVERAGED 6000USD PR MEMBER, WE HAVE MORE MONEY THAN I COUNT TO!     MY FRIENDS THIS IS ABOUT MORE THAN GME, OR AMC OR NOK. THIS IS A REVOLUTION. THIS IS SAYING FUCK YOU TO THE ESTABLISHMENT.      THE SAME ESTABLISHMENT THAT SENT OUR SONS AND DAUGHTERS TO WAR IN AFGHANISTAN AND IRAQ. THAT FUCKED THE ECONOMY WHILE BANKING OFF. THAT PAID NO TAXES. THAT HALTED TRADING BECAUSE IT SUITED THEM.     HOLD YOUR POSITIONS, DONT SELL!!!!     MELVIN YA BITCH, WE COMING FOR YOU!!
Can we Stock Manipulation? Find a way you ingenious glorious bastards!!!! Send it to the moon         NOK
Bought Doge coin Bc fuck it
Who’s with me??
Nokia never give up! BUY 💪🏻
The better GME play where they can't stop trading
Guys that's the play we all waited for. No CNBC, no Melvin Capital, no Robinhood can stop us from flying to mars and living in tendieland. No fuckin corrupt system can shut down trading and hinder us from getting our deserved riches!!!    Hear me out here. I think Nano is going to make us all rich. It's what's  gonna get us all a Tesla, plus a second Tesla to launch to Jupiter and  beyond        Altstreetbets, the crypto buddy of this holy sub,  .    # 1. What the f is Nano and why are you shilling this    To  keep it short for us retards: Nano is a cryptocurrency that boasts zero  fees, instant transfers (sub-second), is green, and increases the size  of your pp. It has a good claim to being better than Bitcoin but has  1/1500th its market cap.   \- that shit is literally what Nano is.    # 2. We're in this together    Apes  together strong, right? Nano has a huge community, so big that most of  the crypto subreddits aren't sure how to deal with the constant Nano  enthusiasm. Not kidding, the banned Nanites could fill a subreddit by  themselves. They're tireless on Reddit, Twitter, or anywhere else you  dare utter that you pay fees for any crypto or money transfer. These are  people that held through a 90% loss, then didn't sell when Nano  suddenly pumped 400%. Diamond hands doesn't even begin to describe it.  When the price pumped even slightly, they all jumped on it to pronounce  Nano the best thing since before sliced bread, and went to town on  Twitter and Reddit.  My point?   AMPLIFICATION  . As soon as Nano starts getting some price action, the Nanites will jump on it, will keep going, and they   ARE. NOT. LEAVING.      # 3. Rumours of Nano being suppressed    The  rumour that Nano is being suppressed by crypto miners and Bitcoin  maximalists has been around for a very long time, and it makes sense.  Nano works ridiculously well, and is there to eat the cake of all the  miners who are raking in millions a day. BTC maxis and miners  hate   the word Nano, and have a strong incentive to literally pay to have it  disappear from the face of the earth. Bitcoin influencers on Twitter  have muted the word Nano because they know their thesis is fucked when  it gets mentioned.  My point?   F EM  .  Bitcoin is king, Bitcoin was literally birthed by the virgin Mary, and  everything else is a 💩coin that doesn't deserve to pump.   F THAT  . And F maximalism in general. We're here to make money, and Bitcoin doesn't offer enough gains.    # 4. Solid pumpamentals    Aside  from the strong community and the ridiculously good tech, it also has  the other pumpamentals needed. It just got listed on AnchorUSD meaning  it's now easy to buy in the US, and was recently added to KuCoin for 10x  leveraged trading. Volume actively on the books on exchanges is low,  right now it would take only $600k to pump it 30% on Binance pair. What  else does it have as pumpamentals? The Nano team recently applied for  the Coinbase listing and Coinbase just so happens to have removed  pruning as a prerequisite from their website. Coincidence? Maybe, but  when asked earlier Nano's lack of pruning was mentioned as the obstacle  for a Coinbase listing.   COINS  GETTING LISTED ON COINBASE ALWAYS PUMP BECAUSE COINBASE HAPPENS TO BUY A  BUNCH OF WHATEVER THEY'RE LISTING BEFORE THEY LIST IT.    Plus,  it seems like we would have Raoul Pal from Real Vision Group in our   . When he recently asked for altcoin recommendations the Nano  Twitter shills did their job as usual, he replied to them it was a good  thread. Coincidentally there was a huge (for Nano) buy order right  around that time.  More  pumpamentals? The Nano tagline writes itself. It transfers in the blink  of an eye, it has no fees, it's greener than the big dildo that's  currently fucking Melvin Capital, has the best wallet in all of crypto  and can be demonstrated to anyone within a minute. It's the ultimate  antidote to the high fees narrative of Bitcorn, and shames institutions  for holding a CO2 emitting coal guzzler on their balance sheets through  Bitcorn. As soon as the price starts going up, this thing sells itself.  Hell, institutions can even buy it since recently through Bitcoin  Suisse, where Nano was added because of demand. And keep in mind - this  has a market cap of $450 million. Throwing $100 at Nano does more than  throwing $1000 at AMC.  My point? Well, exactly the title.   SOLID PUMPAMENTALS  . Seriously this thing is so ready to be hyped.    # 5. The plan    Am  I saying to leverage this x100 to pump it into the skies? Maybe, but  also no. I am saying that whatever you do, Nano is going to pump anyway  because if us retards can figure it out, others can too. This shit can  be 10x leveraged on KuCoin without even needing to do KYC. I'm doing  that right now, and am expecting you all to do the same. At a 3000% gain  ($100) we can call this a success, if it gets to $250 I'll buy the top  comment on this post a Tesla because fuck it, I'll be rich.    My credentials?    My post karma when I posted this on another sub was 420. Due to the  mass upvotes my total karma has now increased to 1337. I'm counting on  this post shooting me to 42069. Need I say more?  Positivity,  not disagreeing with anything I've said and more examples of solid  pumpamentals (also places to leverage it more than 10x) are welcome in  the comments ⬇  PROOF OR BAN    Edit:   how to buy this shit?    Binance (5x leverage), Kucoin (10x leverage, can send crypto from other  exchanges there and 10x leverage without KYC), or Kraken. If you got  other crypto already, there's changenow. For Europe, Bitvavo is best.  Edit:  Seems this shit is working, I'm currently up 80%. Don't worry, I'm not  selling until this shit hits at least $250 so I can buy the top comment  his Tesla.
AMC HOLD!!!!
Others website than TD or RH for buying $GME $AMC $BB ?
we need to find other site if we want to STOCKS !!!
Got 800 shares of NOK on TD. Let's make those wall street bois sweat!
HODL! THANK YOU u/DEEPFUCKINGVALUE
Don't let our members who are invested in BB down, buy the dip even if you prefer gme, do it for them. 🙏
ROBINHOOD JUST SOLD ALL OF MY SNDL SHARES WHAT
WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON I DIDNT TOUCH IT AND THEY SOLD ALL MY SHARES IM TILTING ANYONE ELSE?????
Why Wall Street CAN’T BELIEVE what’s happening
My day job is at a large Financial Advisory company in the US whose hallmark is having many single-advisor offices spread out all over all 50 states. We would never allow a FA to recommend investing in $GME, or $BB, or any of our beloved singular stonks (which is the right move for a company focused on long-term sustainable investing for average folks).  Today at my region’s morning coffee zoom call, people were FREAKING OUT re:$GME, and there was one repeated call of exasperation that people just couldn’t wrap their brains around:  “HOW?? How are people who have never met each other sticking together, not selling, applying pressure, how is this hivemind forming when so much is on the line? It doesn’t make sense.”  I still haven’t come out to anyone at work as Retarded, or as an autist who only takes breaks from watching the markets to go buy my husband and his boyfriend Bubble Teas, but it’s really something special and historic in this community.   Average Wall Street folks rig the game in INSANE ways and spend every second of every day thinking of new ways to fuck over average people and figure out how to stop them from communicating, and spreading information, and sticking together. They feel like the only answer must be some illegal organizing or shadowy evil collusion, when the truth is it’s a lot of independent folks all across the financial AND autistic spectrum all coming to their own decisions to invest, hold, and trust each other.   This is because for so, so many of us it’s not about making our own accounts go green while leaving the autists who enabled our growth alone. This is motivated by love for others and HATE of the huge institutions that exist to bleed everyone dry. It really is a mission that so many of us are feeling individually called to that it should serve as an an indictment on all of Wall Street.   IMAGINE fucking over working people so badly, for so long, that when many people could already make the call to pull out with lifechanging earnings they instead decide to hold and risk to BLEED THEM BACK. This type of individual solidarity could not exist without decades of cruelty and manipulation from Wall Street, and industry people don’t realize how far folks have been pushed in order to issue a warning shot to the whole industry of  . It’s making history, and people on the inside can’t believe what they’re seeing.   It’s an honor to post w/ y’all. Fuck em all.
Buy
If the stock opens back up to buy for GME should I buy a share? I did t hop on the train fast enough. I just got Robinhood last week and I am trying to make big moves like y’all lol
Marketwatch is taking a jab at us
I'm by no means as crazy as a lot of you all on here, but this article makes it seem like this sub is just whining about losong money due to incompetence. It makes no mention of WHY we're doing this... to combat institutional investors engaging in unethical and oftentimes ILLEGAL practices with zero consequences. It grinds my gears to see the whole system set against us. News outlets, trading platforms, even f cking Robinhood now....
WE WILL NOT LET THEM GET AWAY WITH THEIR CORRUPT AND ILLEGAL ACTIVITIES! THEY ARE PLAYING RIGHT INTO OUR HANDS!
Click Here to file a complaint with the SEC.  Click Here to file a complaint wit with FINRA.  Click Here to file a complaint with Robinhood directly.  Info for form: Robinhood Financial LLC  Address: 85 Willow Road Menlo Park, CA 94025 United States  This morning I, and millions of other retail investors, were blocked from purchasing (entering new buy orders) on the Robinhood platform, without notice. This clear example of market manipulation has forced the stock down from over $500 in after-hours to less than $300 as of this writing. Meanwhile, hedge fund interests are NOT blocked from buying the shares being traded and the lower price obviously benefits them.  We retail investors have followed all the rules and finally stood to gain a LITTLE bit from Wall St and they suddenly change the rules "to protect" us. I am requesting you use your subpoena power and regulatory authority to examine whether Robinhood colluded illegally with any other actors who may have held short positions on these stocks to reduce the number of buyers for $GME and therefore deflate the price. This is market manipulation.
Buy Nokia (NOK) $
Processing img irv6e8tec3e61...
SOFI STILL WORKING FOR INVESTORS
GUY, I KNOW ROBIN HOOD HAS SOLD US OUT, BUT SOFI IS STILL WORKING FOR US AND ALLOWING THE BUYING OF GME,AMC,NAKD,NOK. JOIN WITH THE LINK TO GET 50 DOLLARS IN STOCK FOR FUNDING THE ACCOUNT. lets get together and keep thes stocks going TO THE MOON. Hey! I'm using SoFi Invest 📊 to buy and sell stocks (and pieces of stocks) with zero fees. Open an Active Investing account with $1,000 or more, and you'll get $50 in stock. I'll get $50 in stock, too! Use my link:
If you cannot buy GME, buy RETL
They have    ALSO HODDDDLLLL
Monkeys together strong
Fuck all these greedy fucks. fuck Robinhood and most importantly big giant gorilla dick fuck you to everyone at wall street and every hedge fund getting rammed in the ass by wallstreetbets.  GME $1000
Late to party $1k up to $100 down to $400 up
Late to the party but staying for the ride.     units @ 369 GME 193 units @   NAKD (not doing too well right now....)
HOLD THE LINE
Robinhood Market Manipulation!!
Robinhood has betrayed us degenerates
YOU CAN BUY THESE SHARES ON ETORO GUYS. I HAVE BOUGHT VERY LITTLE OF GAMESTOP BUT I CAN'T POST IT AS I DON'T MEET THE CRITERIA BUT REST ASSURED ALL ARE AVAILABLE. GO REDDITORS.
AMC is cheap!! Buy & hold
Almost went to $20 yesterday can happen again today!
Sent this to Robinhood sorry this morning when they removed GME.
>Why am I now disallowed from trading GME on your platform?  I guess this is it, this is the catalyst I finally needed to get off of Robinhood.  For years I have put up with poor service and the slowest execution times.  I find it ironic that a platform that shares it's name with a hero who steals from the rich to give to the poor is in fact under the control of the wall street elite.  The first sign that this was happening was when you took your api information private and instead of hosting it for free for everyone to use, you compiled it into a data service and starting charging hedge funds for the data.  This only one way of many in which you have completely betrayed your users trust and stolen from the poor to give to the rich. Eat shit Citadel and eat shit Robinhood.
The Can’t Stop Our    HOLD THE LINE
HODL
HODL LET THE GANGSTER BLEED 🩸
WEBULL still allows AMC and NOK trading
Cash App is still letting people trade Nokia
Cash app is still letting people trade in Nokia people let’s focus on boosting Nokia while it’s still 5 dollars and show them stupid rich folk who’s really boss. Robinhood and TD Ameritrade can’t hold us back.
Good they deserve it for manipulating the market. HOLD.
GOOGLE IS NOT SHOWING RESULTS FOR QUESTIONS ABOUT $GME. GOOGLE IS COMPLICIT IN MANIPULATING THE MARKET.
IS AMC STILL GOING? Have we changed our course of action?
Go for amc
HOLD AMCCCC
BUY THE DIPS HOLD THE SHARES!! TO THE MOON WE GO
AMC TO THE MOON!!!
Just bought 2k shares lets go!!!!
Can Someone Pls Explain in Layman's Terms What's Happening?
Hi all,   Sorry I'm a bit behind on news - can someone pls explain to me in simple terms what is happening and why hedge funds are losing money? (Apologies for being so clueless)   What can I do to help support the cause?
BB TO THE MOON
DONT SELL BB AND AMC BOYS
Game stop should issue more shares at like 500 bucks
Issue more shares at 500 bucks and fleece these giants.
Stop saying no-no words
I don't want this community to die and the only way they can is to pretend that it's due to "hate speech." I don't want it to die!
IBKR shows 0 for amount of available Short Stocks for GME. Whether it is manipulated or not, it means noone can sell unless they hold the stock.
Processing img 58sj56imc3e61...
Stand back establishment
SoFi Invest isn’t blocking purchases for any of these stocks.
I’m still able to buy stocks on SoFi invest. Unless something has changed.
#breakthemarket
Can we just go rate Robinhood a 1 star in the app store or like are we just gonna let them push us around...
TD Ameritrade
Stop using amateur apps like RH and switch to TD. If app doesn’t work login with computer. LFG!! Buy buy buy! NOK, AMC, NAKD all still affordable so let’s get them to $400 also
Value just up over 400
is the NSY just tricking us or are the numbers real?
Questrade Canada--Trading platform down just after 9:30 Jan. 28th, 2021
At 9:30 am Questrade's IQ Edge platform was working fine, then a few minutes later the charts failed, same for they web-based version.  Apparently, "At Questrade, we care deeply about helping you becoming more financially successful and secure." ... not so sure about that at the moment.
HOLD YOUR SHARES
Do not sell $GME or $AMC these clowns are literally manipulating the market not allowing us to buy any stock. What are you doing selling. Ask yourself if we cannot buy the stock who am I selling it to? THE BILLIONAIRES AND HEDGE FUNDS. Wake up people. They’re using this as a opportunity to buy all that you sell. I cannot stress this enough HOLD YOUR SHARES!
Hold - Hedgefunds trying to get out “cheap”
It’s clear the shorties r trying to fight a final battle to get out “cheap” tomorrow!!’ HOLD!!! Fuck them and buy again as soon as you can...
And you better not either
STICK TO THE ORGINAL PLAN: $GME first profits into $BB      AMC NOK ARE DISTRACTIONS FROM TWITTER AND TIKTOK BOTS
Play Their Game
What is the next stock that we can all invest in that is close to home for them? Power to the people.
TD web broker
TD web broker. Is targeting clients and blocking their access    "We are experiencing technical difficulties that are affecting a small percentage of our clients.."  Be careful
Do Not Fuck With Us! RH executives 🤣🤣🤣
love you all.❤️
NOK
BUY NOK lets get it boomin baby 🕺🏻🕺🏻
RETARDS.. WE NEED BACK UP
HEDGE FUND TRYING TO KILL BB!! WE NEED URGENT SUPPORT AS WE NEVER LEAVE A TARD BEHIND! LETS RAISE THIS THROUGH THE ROOF!!!
Why can’t I buy/sell AMC, NOK, or GME?
Anyone wanna explain i’m slow
$M to the Moon
Macys still up on robinhood take it to the moon!
Stop selling cucks!!! AMC BB GME NOK to the moon    🔥🔥🔥
Robinhood just pressed their OWN self destruction button. Where is SEC on this s show 😠😠😠😠😠 A free market LOL 😠😠😠
Let’s fucking go
BB TO THE FUCKING MOON   Sell your house and buy BB NOW HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD
Schwab won't even let me transfer cash
Charles Schwab isn't even letting me transfer money to my brokerage account!
STOP SELLING YOU COWARDS
BUY MORE NOK STOP SELLING THEY WANT YOU TO SELL WE MUST HOLD NOW AND DEFEAT THEM
I'm broke and retarded but I want in on GME
I see everyone's enthusiasm to help one another here and it's incredibly motivating. I'm super late to the game (haha get it?) but know that I could probably borrow $5k from a friend to put into GME. Should I do it?  I want this to skyrocket to the moon and beyond. The extra income would help me alot.  Much love WSB.
Robinhood screwing us right now. Lawyer up
SPCE IS THE SECOND MOST SHORTED STOCK AT 80%. SPCE TO THE MOON!
NAKD
YOLO NAKD 15 FUCKING K NAKD NAKD NAKD NAKD to the ducking moon baby
Aston Martin

GME
GME is on revolut for anybody who can’t get it on Robin Hood, but buy buy
Dogecoin is taking off!
NAKD and BBW
DO NOT SELL BB & AMC!! WE MAY BE FOCUSING ON GME TODAY BUT TRUSTTT BB AMC COMING TO THE MOON WITH US     HOLDDDDDDD THE LINEEEEE    🤲🏼🤲🏼🤲🏼
GME AMC BB NOK EXPR TO THE MOOOOON      WE LIKE THIS STOCK.
STOP buying everything just ALL focus on GME we don't have the power to manipulate multiple stocks
How the fuck did my buddy sell at 5124/share?????
AAL PUSH!
ASO STOCKS📈📈📈
ASO STOCKS TO THE MOON IM TRYNA BUY A HOUSE AND SHIT‼️‼️‼️📈📈📈📈
What is the discord ??
Party city stock is extremely underpriced. Anyone else seeing this?
GME bear raid but clearly NO VOLUME GUYS!GREAT JOB WITH OUR
SPCE to SPCE
Lets take SPCE to Space
BUY BUY BUY, WE ARE WINNING
Just read a article about NAKD from a well established stock analytics bureau. Even they think it's beginning to look like a solid investment. WE ARE WINNING BOIS KEEP IT GOING. FUCK THE HEDGEFUNDS!!
My First Day On Here
I gotta say this place is amazing.
NOK worth buying?
Asking because NOK is currently around £5 per share, curious as to whether its gonna do a GME
Cash app you buy nOk and amc
Both order just went thru
I'VE ACCEPTED THE YOLO LIFE
I just started investing and I followed this sub. You guys just got me my first 1k, as a broke older brother/son trying to help out the family, my sincerest thanks.  I'm not going to sell bb, AMC nor GME. We're going to the moon
USE CASH APP TO BUY!!! TO THE M0000nnnn
USE CASH APP TO BUYY!! T0 THE M0000nnnn
DON’T PANIC HOLD BB AND NOK
HOLD BOIS 🤚🏼
Robinhood
Robin-hood has shown it’s true colors, once   royally fuck boss man   take all banana   from Robin-hood elsewhere
Hold dogeeeeee coinnnn
I might be wrong but
I'm pretty sure that we can still buy and trade on ETrade so  RIDE THAT BITCH LIKE THERE'S NOW TOMORROW!
Next One
Let’s find another stock(s) and hit them again!
Y’all don’t sell pls if we sell before Friday we’ve done nothing to hurt them because they just make everything back anyway
Just want you to know that if your worries look through the posts. Everyone here fighting together. Lol I’m in high-school and prob gonna lose some money but this is worth it cause I’ll talk about this in the future.
Elon Musk just shout $DVAX out! Let’s go!!!
Most disturbing
Processing gif lqtmb0jjc3e61...
GME: Don't let the fat cats beat us!!!
We must push forward!!!
ARLO NEXT GME
ARLO ( NOW NOT A HARDWARE PLAY BUT CLOUD PLAY)  STRONG BUY  SUPER CHART SET UP  MARKET CAP IS EQUAL TO CASH IN HAND.  APPLE INTERESTED IN BUYING THIS COMPANY.  RECENTLY APPLE STORE LISTED ARLO PRODUCTS.  30 PLUS IS ESAY..  GO FOR IT.
GME TO THE MOON          HOLD ON TO YOUR SEATS
LFG $AMC! Cashapp just went back online and my transactions went through!
My cashapp transaction was cancelled at 630am PST, but I just re-submitted and it went through!
ETORO ALLOWING YOU TO BUY GAMESTOP BUT NOT SELL???????????????????
Processing img r67rh9xnc3e61...
Fuck hedge funds
Time to buy more???
Buy the dip  no 🧢GME I like the stock ! That’s all really. the stock!!! GME haven’t you heard9 billion they lost say they pulled out but I don’t think they did she pregnant lol just new here watching these dudes on wall st. 🤯 📚🖕 💸🇺🇸 glad politics has nothing to do with making money
Another attempt at market manipulation - Wealthsimple Trade scaring people off NOK and BB
So what platform????
Leaving Robin hood. What platform do we need to go to to buy the stocks we see value in?
guys are up. Please, even if its 1 share, help AMC.
AMC was 25 in germany. right now it is     They are decimating us hard and we need that gandalf coming down the mountain type help brothers.
PETITION TO ROBINHOOD
I just started this petition on the website of a corporate   group -- straight-up demand to RobinHood to relist the stocks. Pass it around!
BOOST FP 👀👀
I only managed to get in at £140 but im holding with you guys
the shorts are buying back now! join
FING B     +16%
🥴
NOK To the moon !!  🌕
Come on guys let’s get this Nokia to the moon. Just buy and hold tight! Get ready is about to skyrocket  #NOK #SQUEEZE #GME #NOKIA
Interactive Brokers and Robinhood blocked GameStop. Is it legal/within TOS?
Honest question. It seems like they're manipulating the market in doing so. What are the chances people will rise and fill a class action lawsuit against them? Is this something that could be theoretically won?
GME AMC NOK BB
GME AMC NOK BB
Gme hit
GME TO 500 and MAC to 20 - intraday supports
non financial advice
USE FIDELITY!!!  GME  BB AMC  CANCEL ROBIN HOOD
Please create a fidelity account if you do not have one already, we must keep the rockets going! Fidelity has not restricted trade of these shares. Robin Hood should be cancelled and penalized.
WHEN $GME HITS  $
TRVN
GME, NAKD, DOGECOIN, GHSI
GHSI is a hidden gem up 25%. NAKD holding on strong. GME rallying up with the big bois!!       Dogecoin throwing down into the game
HHHHHOOOOOOOLLLDDDDDDDDD
Screw Robinhood. This really freakin sucks. I almost got in on this but Robinhood made that impossible and I missed it. :( oh well. Bye bye Robin.
Robinhood also blocked trades on BB. This is infuriating
Alternatives to Robinhood
If you're looking to move your money elsewhere, there's a few other places!  Fidelity - opened an account today, took 2 minutes. Commission free!  WeBull - couldn't figure out the app, but its also commission free.   Most banks have stock trading account as well. If you have a bank you like, look into their rules and fees!  DROP TRADING APP RECOMMENDATIONS BELOW!
I MIGHT BE A RETARD BUT NOT A PUSSY
IM HOLDING GME, BB, AMC, NOK AND NAKD
Why I think we See SLV hit an All-Time High In February
Sup Degenerates. Before the New Year I wrote an Article that I posted on my blog on Seeking Alpha. I wanted to share a portion that I wrote on Silver from it. This was written and published on 1/3/21. So it is a few weeks old but I believe the analysis is still valid.      I believe this is only the beginning of SLV’s upside. SLV is a very straight forward way to play the silver market which is why I am such a big fan. The trust itself holds Silver in a .50% expense ratio to it’s current AUM currently holding 555,000,000 ounces of silver to its $14 billion AUM. It is also the most active and liquid of all silver positions one could hold which helps make SLV the easiest of all Silver ETF’s and positions one could hold.   Another reason I currently love this ETF is the way in which Silver tends to trade. Historically speaking Silver tends to be purchased in the months of January, February, August and September a. This trend correlates with SLV’s 2020 high being in August.             The chart above displays a clear trend in silver being bullish in the short term based off the historic probability it will rise in both January and February. Since silver and SLV hit their current all time high this past August and then retreated a bit through the fall, it is likely we will see it not only return to its all time high in January/February but hit a new all time high.   While the short term case provides a compelling reason to purchase silver. the long term case for silver is even more compelling. From a macroeconomic standpoint there are a few catalysts that should have Silver trend higher. First, the current money supply around the world is at an unprecedented level due to stimulus given out throughout countries to help people cope with the economic loses brought on by Covid-19. Second, the   currently is sitting on half the global debt, with the dollar being lower in value and lots of money being printed along with a zero interest policy rate. In this environment, a commodity such as silver or gold will most likely gain in value as it has throughout the past year. The reason for this gain is that over time both gold and silver tend to correct themselves in terms of the global money supply. In the  , that money supply is again being increased with another round of stimulus checks. Gold and Silver will follow suit in having another positive correction based off this money supply.   Disclosure: I have options on SLV and have been holding SLV shares since December.
WHO LIVES IN MENLO CA show up to rh and show them who the fuxk they are messing with
RYCEY
Get it while is cheap and under the radar! Preparing for liftoff
BUY NAKD YOU COWARDS
GNUS shorts in Stocktwits bashing WSB. Says they can’t beat the Wolf Pack of Wall Street. Let’s show them. Gnus is home to our super hero’s ❤️
IM WAIVERING
I’m down SO much in AMC and NOK what are you guys doing? Should I just sell?
It is time to short institutional Banks that block our ability to trade the stocks we choose.
Enough is enough. What the Banks are doing not allowing people to buy shares of certain companies is flat out wrong. The game has been flipped in our favor, and the institutions know it so they shut the game off. My previous post was deleted for seemingly no reason but I will not let this go and neither should you. If these intuitional trading platforms do not allow us to trade the stocks we choose, they should be mass shorted plain and simple. I may get this post deleted, I might get banned, but as regular everyday people, do not let this go. Keep this idea alive here if I become a martyr.
ELON TWEET ABOUT NOK AND AMC
DIAMOND HANDS  DIAMOND HANDS  DIAMOND HANDS     🤚🏽🤚🏽🤚🏽
Stocks app?
probably not the best place to post this, but what’s the best app/website to get started with stock trading?
Buy buy buy all these dips are perfect find anyway to buy stock $GME $AMC $NOK $BB buy it all fuck these people oppressing us we can do wtv tf we want
Sold all my stocks at a gain and loss to go into GME AND AMC WE WE ARE GONNA HOLD AND FUCK OVER EVERYTHING IN OUR PATH THIS IS THE BEGGING OF A REVOLUTION THE NEW RICH ARE INCOMING
DO NOT SELL AMC AND GME
Please guys even tho it’s red, keep holding. Even tho we can’t buy more, keep holding. This is not over. We will win. Btw DOGEcoin to the moon too
Rule #3 lol
Thank you from one of the little guys.
Hey guys I'm new to this page and love seeing what's going on. Just wanted to say that you all are the shit. Thank you for giving someone like me that's a broke 21 year old a chance.
No fear, No surrender... Gods Amongst Men     “We have weathered fiercer storms than this! Hold the line, damn you. You will not embarrass the Emperor today by selling!" - Nelson Mandela (probably).
PEIX/ALTO buy the dip!
ticker changing to ALTO in 2 days, ez spike then
Stay Strong !
Who keeps selling ? Weak hands, hold the line soliders we got this. They can take away AMC and everything on Robinhood, put restrictions across the market, and try to keep us down but we will never be out! Keep this fire lit, for it is the only light through this darkness ! Forward we must march!!!
NEXT GME
### SUNDIAL GROWERS (NASDAQ:SNDL) SHORT INTEREST DATA    Current Short Volume:  63,200,000 shares  Previous Short Volume:  3,280,000 shares  Change Vs. Previous Month:  \+1,   Dollar Volume Sold Short:  $  million  Short Interest Ratio / Days to Cover:     Last Record Date:  December, 31 2020  Outstanding Shares:  82,810,000 shares  Short Percent of Float:     Today's Trading Volume:  14,228,225 shares  Average Trading Volume:  405,419,250 shares  Today's Volume Vs. Average:  \
Market manipulation at its best! #1starRobinhood // everyone 1 star review it!!
ABML
Anyone else following ABML?  Their process seems legit for recycling lithium cells but they have gone up significantly before their plant is even built yet.
Robinhood? Nah yall ROBBING the HOOD
Doge
My orders for AMC and GME were canceled by Robin Hood so I just threw all that money into doge since I can’t buy. It’s up to 2 cents right now!
HOLD NOKIA, WE ADDING NOS TO THIS ROCKET
WE GOT THIS!!!!! ALl OR Nothing baby BUY BUY BUY. RobinHood can't stop us!
YOU CAN STILL BUY GME AND BB ON ROBINHOOD
GO TO THE 100 MOST POPULAR PAGE ON RH - You can still view $GME, $BB, etc. and add them to your list, despite the Robinhood search censorship
WHAT ABOUT AMC?
Remember that if you do not support what we have created, people from this big family will start to loosing lot of money.   As you are pushing for GME, PUSH EVEN MORE AMC.   Hard Work Pays Off!  DO NOT SELL AND BUY MORE!
YOU CANT SUPPRESS US ROBINHOOD
WHATEVER YOU DO DONT SELL BOYS
Finance
Look at JZZI   now .02
Bitcoin, Ethereum and the decentralized finance world welcomes WSB with open arms. DeFi is 24/7, cannot be suspended, and is the way of the future
File a complaint with the SEC! Robinhood isn’t allowing orders or even showing $GME $NOK $BB $NAKD
This is what happened to NOK! Super big institutional inflows and trying to cover their ass for what they short sell. You idiots! Look at your small outflow! Give them no chance okay? We can make it take months to cover their short options!
IGNORE THE OMENS
HOLD THE LINE! Large part of drops due to people changing trading services
Don’t be scared seeing the dips if you’re not buying anymore shares right now atleast hold the line! A large part of the drop is due to people pulling out of Robinhood to go to other trade sites. However, sometimes transfers take days so it may be a while before our next huge surge.!  AMC GME NOK BB to the   🪐
Robinhood revenue stream & Citadel
Conflict of interest????
DONT SELL AMC AND GME!! ON TRADING 212 YOU CAN STILL BUY BB LETS LOAD UP OUR
IF we all put a sell order in with let`s say $5k or $10k a share minimum and wait, what happens?
LOVE LETTER TO FELLOW DONKEY BRAINS
Ladies, donkeys, & idiots,   We are on the precipice of history. Though the 1969 moon landing was fake, the 2021 moon pitstop will not be. We’re well on our way, and those other donkey brained fools know it.  Today it is important to show the world we mean business, and by business i mean stocks and shit. I need a retirement fund, and the $  i poured into this ridiculous scheme is going to be the biggest decision of my young life. I will hold GME until diamonds physically manifest and crystalize in my very palms, and so shall you.   BE NOT AFRAID. The weight of history is heavy in our hands, heavier even than those of the aforementioned diamonds which will soon be prevalent in our sturdy grip.  Theyre shorting the   shorting the free market... theyre shorting us. Today we stand, tomorrow we stand. We will continue to stand. Save the bread for those who need it so desperately. I have been heartbroken by some of the wonderful life changing wealth that has poured into the hands of those who had few options left for their loved ones in times of need.  Yes, some will feel the pressure and back out thus weakening our collective position yet HOLD the line. Hold the frontline on the war on US. The war on the individual to call the world on the nonsense gambling that has been out of reach for so long. We are the power. We are the market. We are the line.   Stay strong. Hold on tight, were going for a ride.  .  Love, Jimmy
DONT SELL!!!! IF YOU CANT BUY THEN WHO WILL YOU SELL THEM TO???
Brokers are trying to flood the market with sell orders that will not execute in order to drive the price down! DO NOT SELL you will just lose money for no reason!! HOLD THE LINES!!!
BIG PP MOVE ALERT: Buy/hold BB. This is the way. We are going to the moon.                        🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕
LETS GET IT PEOPLE.
Nio is the future.
Nio is the future!! They are building battery swap stations.  Longer range batteries.  Fossil fuel is like the steam engine.  It's so last century.  They are predicted to skyrocket!!
Long calls when volatility is low and covered calls, short puts, and credit spreads when it's high
Now is the time to get long calls      Tldr nok 2022 7c
Robinhood? Nah yall ROBBING the HOOD
I’m not sure why you guys’ buy button is disabled
I don’t see my sell button, or am I to autistic?
HOLD $AMC $NOK $BB  🌕
Need to hold the stones. The only people that can trade them are the funds and they will drive the price down. Hold and buy at a discount.
WE LIKE THIS STOCK! WE LIKE THIS STOCK! WE LIKE THIS STOCK! GET IN HERE BOYS! THEY HAVE MOON CLOTHES AT MACY’S!
It's not much but I'm doing my part. REPORTING IN FROM THE NORTH. TO ALL GME, BB, NOK AND AMC HOLDERS. HOLD THE FUCKING LINE AND WE'LL TASTE MOON DUST
Check user profiles for karma & age of account before you follow their advice. Lots of 1 day & 2 day accounts posting
Front Page News
$AMC
AMC
First Time Investor and I'm Panicking!
I've had a brokerage account through Fidelity but I've never invested anything. Been following the GME phenomenon and it's too rich for my blood, so I thought I'd jump on the BB and AMC bandwagon and now those stocks are going down and I'm panicking, thinking I might have made a big mistake. Any advice from some pros?
Calls producing negative value
So I’ve invested into some TQQQ calls this morning, the stock has done nothing but go up, quite a nice chunk too. The thing is the calls are only going down in value even though they’re a month out. Can someone explain it to this retard why tf my contracts are broken right now even though the stock is rising? Thank you.
AMC free-fall.. .NOK free-fall... BB freefall...
When do they start going up?????
ONE STAR ROBINHOOD
BB has no help😟
Institutions closing on  for retail investors. Have you observed this?
It's being reported that many on  for retail investors have disabled trading features for any accounts holding the following stocks: $NOY $AMC $GME $NAKD $BB  Story is still developing.
Next Target?
First off, BRAVO to the “Retail Traders” for working the system!  Finally some payback!  Since they’re shutting this down on GME, Nok AMC and NKD (Robinhood canceled my orders this morning at 8:22am, 8 minutes before open, across the board) who’s the next target?  They can’t block them all!
PLTR still getting massively shorted
I’ve heard it’s shitron, but all I know is there are some massive large scale orders trying to short this thing. PLTR just had 2 doses of good news and it’s still getting shorted!
I can still trade these stocks on E TRADE as far as I can tell
Cash app also hiding GME
$DOGE UP200%

NAKD
Buying and holding making this into the next GME, we got this,
Guys, make a list of brokers who have attempted to fuck us and don’t forget this. Find those that work and move with them.
I’m a long time lurker but what I’ve seen has made me pretty pissed. I lived through the 2008 financial crisis (graduated HS in 2007) and couldn’t get a real job until 2011 (!).  Fuck hedge funds and fuck those that manipulate the market to support them.  This post is meant to be a running tally of all companies that have attempted to stop trading directly (telling us no for our “best interest”) or indirectly (app mysteriously going down).  I was able to purchase just fine via Vanguard and Fidelity. I’ll edit this the moment anyone mentions otherwise. I’ll watch the thread and update this list as time goes on.    Brokers That Didn’t Fuck Js    -	Vanguard -	Fidelity    Brokers That Did Fuck Us    -	Robinhood  Edit: If this already exists, let me know and I’ll remove it.
When this is all done we should donate to the Barstool Fund
Everyone’s trying to smear us and make us look like the bad guys. David Portnoy has been one of the main people supporting our autism, so after GME goes to the 9th dimension I think we should take 10% of our profits and donate to the barstool fund to help save small businesses, the same small businesses that corporatism is out to destroy.
Veritas all aboard. Robinhood has absolutely fucked up.
We made global News, they directly mentioned the subreddit, and it's all positive feedback!
NOK is getting hammered today
Speak to us ol great WSB! We need to hear our next move lol
Fuck Robinhood
1 star Robin Hood on the App Store those degenerate shoe licking cucks
Possible hold on orders placed via Revolut (Europe)
Multiple users including myself are seeing no follow through on orders or cancellations. Wondering if GME has been taken off the table like RH and others?
Take NAKD to the moon👌👌
Give Robinhood a 1 star are the App Store!
Cant even buy, sell , or cancel pendings on RH
Robinhood manipulated and forced the sell of holdings of AMC due to a crashing price as a result of them banning the trades of GME, NOK, AMC, SNDL, NAKD, etc.   They are also throttling the delay of both buy and sell transactions for both stocks and cryptos. Pending orders are still not being fulfilled after surpassing the current bud price. Orders that have been placed are unable to be cancelled as well leaving money tied up in a limbo of uncertainty preventing any possibility of controlling profit or loss.
Lost 2k after gaining 2k
Lost 2k on NKED and have to probably still pay 1k for fees. All gains are gone
$BB, $AMC & $GME to the moon
App is working. Lets continue our journey!!
Nyesa un spain id going to UP in hours, news are coming...
I am not a bot, is a new account from spain
Hold GME: How Citadel is riding the bull with us
RH is off, but I bought here
THE SILVER BULLET
ALL little guys fractional shares investors switch to Public app! Its BETTER than Robinhood and allows you to trade $GME $AMC $BB $NOK and others!
SLV needs more due diligence in my opinion
1) Abort SLV ! It is a trap .  Google " who owns SLV"  The assets of the iShares Silver Trust consist primarily of silver held by JPMorgan Chase (JPM), the custodian institution, on behalf of the fund.     2) Focus on GME      3) Why did admin remove this ? This is relevant and should be discussed !
DO NOT PAPER HAND,     ONLY, HOLD FOR TENDIES, WE ARE GOING TO THE MOON
DO NOT SELL, WE WILL WIN THIS BATTLE, JUST HOLD, NO MATTER HOW BIG THE DIP IS, WE WILL SHOOT BACK UP, SIGN UP FOR WEBULL, TRADEZERO, E TRADE, KEEP BUYING AT DIP, AND HOOOLDDD
WHY THE FUCK CANT I BUT GME !!
CANCEL ROBINHOOD
The shorts have taken over NAKD
We’re is the FUCKING booster rocket for BB?!
Use the dip you retards
HOLD GME
But lets get NAKD fuckers
Boycott Robinhood
damn robinhood Give em hell
Who is selling GME and BB in the UK?
trading 212 is not letting sales go through, what are other people using that is currently working?
Someone said we're alt-right or something... yeah, that's it 😉
E-mail I sent to Marketwatch on American Public Media Regarding the Inappropriate Narrative Surrounding GME.
Listening to Dr. Moallemi's (Columbia University) interview on Marketwatch this morning triggered me.  No one in the mainstream media has the narrative right.  Here is an email I sent to Marketwatch this morning.  Please tell me if you think this is inappropriate or ill informed.  Also, if you think it is a proper explanation of how you feel too, feel free to copy and paste.  The narrative has to change.  " To Marketplace production team and staff:     I am a long time listener and donor to public media. I've listened to your   coverage of the GME phenomenon and believe you are misrepresenting the base   of this movement. I've listed a couple points below that I wish you would   address in your sentiment during your coverage of GME stock surge.     1.) Dr. Moallemi repeatedly degraded the base of this phenomenon claiming,   both advertently and tongue in cheek, that I do not understand the risk   involved in this process. First of all, yes, the r/wallstreetbets   community was originally a place for investors to propose "risky" market   plays, but these market plays are always accompanied by that users "due   diligence" and thesis behind the market play. This current phenomenon,   while originally inspired by some derivative plays (which Michael Burry   engaged in himself), is now supported by a foundational argument that users   should simply buy shares. The community is no longer supporting options   plays and claims a buy and hold strategy is best in this current   situation. Let me state, we are not a collective, simply individual   investors that do our own research and make our own financial decisions.   While Dr. Moallemi can claim I do not understand the risk in this process,   I can assure you, I certainly understand the risk of buying a stock at $20,   $40, $80, $300. How much money can I lose? $20, $40, $80, $300   respectively. He can go on your show with his fancy university titles and   say we are "risky" and uninformed, but he fails to acknowledge that many   hedge funds, Melvin Capital in particular, shorted over %100 of Gamestop   shares (is this even legal?). Do these hedge funds understand their risk?   Their exposure to losses is technically infinite; my exposure to loss is   finite. Who is the riskier investor? Why is no one in the media talking   about this?     2.) To build on this point, the original thesis for this play was lightly   based around the insane short position on Gamestop, but also had   foundational knowledge about the growth potential for a company that is   mixing up leadership, stepping out of their old ways and into new avenues,   and operates in a space (gaming) that is seeing incredible amounts of   growth at this moment. What is the true, "fundamental" value of Gamestop?   Who, honestly, can give a proper answer to that question, especially in   this market? My argument, however, is the following: if an investor is   buying shares at some price, say $300, does that investor not believe such   an investment is worth $300? People are buying GME. While some of this   may be influenced by online hysteria, the surge in GME stock is   fundamentally based in the belief of retail investors that this company can   succeed, diametrically opposing the insane short position in Gamestop. I   recommend you actually take a look at r/wallstreetbets, or even r/investing   or r/pennystocks and look at some of the amazing research the "uninformed"   retail investors are developing for countless stocks, not just Gamestop.   Also: see Chamath's full interview on CNBC (if you can even find it   anymore).     3.) This narrative that "uninformed", "stupid", "risky" retail investors   are blowing up the market has to stop. We are not "uninformed" as Dr.   Moallemi claims. There is a thesis behind this financial play, and you see   it unfolding before your eyes. You have a chance here to represent the   retail investor for what they truly are: informed, intelligent and savvy.   I will not link the original DD for the Gamestop play because I do not want   to put any of my fellow investors in the spotlight, but it doesn't take a   lot of work to find the beginning of this financial play on   r/wallstreetbets. Please, please, please, this narrative needs to change   from "online retail investors are manipulating the market". Look at the   DD, look at the hedge fund positions, look at the countless market makers   that are trying to manipulate this phenomenon back into their favor and you   will see the retail investor is in the right. If anyone needs to be   regulated, it should be the people that can short a company for over %100   of their shares, completely nullifying that company's chances at raising   capital and succeeding as a business.     I hope you read this wall of text. I have listened to all of your coverage   on this topic and believe some of your interviews have some high points. I   appreciate your show and just want you to know you have a really big   opportunity right now to get this narrative right. No one else in the   media has taken the time to truly investigate this phenomenon; my hope is   that "public" media will fulfill that service.     Thanks for your time. "
Where can I buy GME?
Since robinhood is defending corporate America right now and blocked it, where can I go to buy?
FUCK YOU ROBINHOOD
Robinhood: This stonk only go down, BITCH
WSB: G    MOTHER    FUCKING    M    E                                       🤣 🤣🤣   🤣🤣🤣
Time to leave reviews for Robinhood app.
Where people from   can buy GameStop
Hello,   I found a trading app that allows us to buy GameStop  The apps name is    Not sure if it works in USA so if anyone can confirm please do!  And if you would like here is with my invite link so we both get a free stock that we can sell and buy more GameStop:
Buy and hold Gme and amc   Journey has just begun  dont sell anything if you cant Buy more
APHRIA IS NEXT THEY CAN’T TAKE OUR WEED
SNDL

I like this stock
SO MANY BOTS
Everytime I click on a post about some bullshit stock that isn’t GME, BB or NOK - the account has existed for an hour at MOST. MODS KICK THESE PEOPLE OUT. THEYRE TRYING TO PULL US THIN. HOLD THE LINE.
Rh
Keep your stock at the don’t sell to move.  Open new accounts.  Sucks but they want the sell it’s inconvenient but they showed their true colors today. Interactive brokers too.  Let them all lose your business
occupy occupy occupy
Where can I buy GME instantly?
I don’t have another stock app besides Robinhood (fuck ‘em til they’re dead) and want to buy the dip!
Can we go for $SPCE ?!!
We talking bout
Fuck this, EVERYONE HOLD HOLD HOLD
Why are they not letting us trade. They're manipulating the markets with their power. Let's not give up we can do it if we unite and HOLD HOLD HOLD
WeBull is acting like Robinhood!!!!!!!!
They have suspended $GME as well!! They are scared of us autists and the working man.    FUCK THEM AND HODLLLLLL!!  Look back on this day, and when you are spending time with your wife's boyfriends son
Robinhood Canceling Limit Sells
Go for Nokia!
HOLD your stocks!!!
Doge
Apes stronger together
American Airlines, y'all. Let's fly!!!
Going up quick. Let's take that next flight!
DOGECOIN to $1
Not my mfing crypto 🤬🤬🤬
Melvin Capital also 260mio short in VARTA , German trader are fucking Them in Europe ! SHORTSQUEEZE made in Europe !!!
YEAH !! Greetings from Europe to this Community
What’s happening to AMC???
hollldddddd
BUY THIS COOL STOCK I LIKE
BUY GME AND HOLD!!! GME HAS SO MUCH POTENTIAL STILL!!!! IT IS NOT OVER, HUGE WINS IF YOU STILL BUY AND HOLD!!!!   ❤️❤️❤️   🤲🤲🤲 GME ALL THE WAY
BUY AND HOLD ONLY GME!!!! ONLY GME HAS THIS POTENTIAL!!!!       DONT BE FOOLED BY BUYING INTO OTHER STOCKS! 🤲 🤲 🤲 🤲
AMC Stocks
Don’t forget about AMC shares!! They are insanely cheap
Is there an app that does actually support free trade?
Robinhood doesn’t. Webull doesn’t.  Anyone actually have a method to free trade?
GME REMOVED FROM ROBINHOOD, ILLEGAL ACTIVITIES, HOLDING, AND ALTERNATIVES TO ROBINHOOD
If you go onto Robinhood not only can you not buy the stocks, but you can no longer even look up GameStop, it's been totally removed from all searches and can only be seen if you currently own stock or if you find it thru an article inside Robinhood's app itself.  This within itself is illegal because it is blatant market manipulation. Robinhood is basically saying we know this is illegal, and I guarantee they expect(ed) blowback from us everyday people. The thing is - they don't care. They will take their lashings from the Gubment (if any is to be served) and basically say, Eh oh well we take that L but so do you nerds. The only real winner here will be the hedge funders/big money in bed with Robinhood.  The only way to make them lose? HOLD. Fuck them we goin to the MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON  We need to get the fuck off Robinhood when all of this bullshit is said and done. Hopefully they lose the business after this attack on us, but it's unlikely. So we should help them lose business by not giving them ours. What are some good alternatives that people use/know of? What are the downsides of those said alternatives if any? We need to find a place where we are wanted and won't be toyed with like this again. Any suggestions are great!
DONT SELL, HOLD!
Make these short   hedge fund motherfuckers go bankrupt!!! Believe in u/deepfuckingvalue
LETS GO NKD
NOK is the Time to buy and hold and buy and hold NOK!!!!!!!!
What to do
I'm totally new to this, AMC is now about 11-12 euros. Why should it buy it, will it grow in a couple of days or what?
DIAMOND HANDS GME

AMC IS FALLING BOYS FIGHT BACK!!!
Start the fight back up!!
Pretty accurate from these hedge fund managers rn. HOLD THE LINE
on     headed for spce and the 🌕 next
Look towards the   moon   on the fift day
What’s going on
I’ve noticed that amc, bb, nok, and game have been halted and the prices are crashing. I’m buying on wealth simple right now, I’ll attach my referral link below, only other no commission stock trading platform. Let’s goo !   Wealthsimple Trade is Canada's first $0 commission stock trading app – sign up now and we'll both get $10 to trade.
#SLV CANT BE TOUCHED!
BUY SILVER! BUY SILVER MINING COMPANIES, THEY CAN’T BE STOPPED!
Since GME is restricted im buying SNDL
I can’t log in to my Ameritrade account!
AMC AMC AMC
SPCE   short and is up 8% Still tradable on Robinhood! Let's get em bois!
Put all the cash I have left into GME(1), BB(2), AMC(2), HOLD THE LINE LITTLE GUYS LIKE ME!
DIAMOND FISTS BOYS. I’M A DOC IN TRAINING WITH NO INCOME BUT I’M HERE TO STICK IT TO THEM WITH WHAT LITTLE I HAVE! HOLD THE LINE!
Dogecoin to the MOON     (only thing I can get rn, won’t be the only one)
Call to action for our brothers and sisters overseas: buy and hold GME, NOK, & AMC!
Our suit and tie overlords are trying to silence us and put a halt to our movement. We’ve been locked out of the “free market”. We need your support now more then ever.   Buy and hold! Buy and hold! Buy and hold!  It’s time to eat! Today’s entree: THE RICH!
LET'S GO FOR NOKIA NEXT!!! SEND IT TO THE FUCKING MOOOOON BOIS!!
No price too high for $GME
nuh uh
Barrick Gold Corporation GOLD
one of the most manipulated stocks on the exchange.. with earnings and dividends @ current gold prices the stock should over valued over $  shorts kill the value of this stock. Its the largest gold miner in the world..
What the fuck is happening
I can still buy here on degiro but it is so sad that they banned you on robinhood, it is beyond anything i ever thought would happen.... im just so angry that they can pull this shit!!  BTW HOLY FUCK   DEGENERATES!     What we are doing here will change they market forever
Does shorting a stock make the stock price go up or down or nothing?
If all the hedge funds band against us and start shorting the stock even more, is that what they are trying to do to reduce the price?
Hold the line. GME to the moon baby! No paper hands
Hold the lineeeee
AMC IS AVAILABLE ON E-TRADE - SAVE THE DIP
You guys can buy AMC through E-TRADE. We need to save it from tanking. Everyone is shorting it right now!
If we can make our millions in the stock then let's put sell our positions and make our TRILLIONS in Crypto.
I suggest we keep the battle strong with dogecoin but also try to help out Chainlink (LINK). Its a solid coin and its supported on more platforms than dogecoin
SPCE
I have just updated my review and rating of Robinhood on the app store. I encourage you all to do the same, positive or negative.
I don't think this is brigading - nothing that the company themselves wouldn't have wanted prior to their own tom foolery this morning.
DO WE BUY NOK AND BB OR NOT?!
I’ve been seeing a lot of post saying it’s just bots n a lot sayin buy I’m a little confused rn idk wat to buy
STOP SELLING BB YOU CUCKS
HANDS PEOPLE. DIAMONDS.
Short Squeeze potential
We need to come back United
When trading is FULLY open again. We need to come back with a United front attack one thing not 4 or 5 just one. They Can’t stop that
They’re tanking BB come on people!!!
Who is really behind the RH shutdown?
Original one got taken down so trying again. Not spamming just sharing what's occurring. I have been on this sub for years (using other accounts) and have never posted until now. What we are seeing is absolutely criminal. The strings are likely being pulled not by Robinhood directly but by firms who stand to lose the most from this continuing. Robinhood wouldn’t exist without MMs like Citadel who front-run us and take tendie taxes. Citadel is likely behind this along with a consortium of other HFs/MMS and potentially even the exchanges (NASDAQ CEO said just yesterday trading should be halted to let investors “reposition”). They reposition, get to safety, and leave the general public holding the bag. What we are seeing is orchestrated manipulation by the same firms who time and time again suck value from the system and leave everyone else standing naked. This must stop. HOLD STRONG.
HOLD BOYZ!!!!!!!!! GME SHORT WENT UP 226%!!!!!! LOAD UP THIS IS IT!!!!!
I didn't have the stones to hodl until friday and now I will go to my grave with not trusting random redditors to get GME to the moon as my biggest regret. Could have bought a tesla, got beer money instead.
I’ve been using RH to buy BTC, but I do my stocks on TDAm. I haven’t been affected by the $GME block but I still think it’s bullshit. I didn’t want RH to have any of my money so I tried withdrawing it. Turns out they’ve frozen withdrawals and I can’t get my money out!! WTF
Webull lets you buy gme again?
Fuck these guys...$AMC to the moooooonn!!!
Broker robin hood down?
If your currently broker fucked up, use another one. Etoro is working. You can buy GME there!  Buy and hold till 1k
DOWN WITH RH
If these brokerages allowed the PEOPLE to buy, GME,AMC, NOK, Dogecoin and more would all be up! Do not be discouraged! to the MOON! KEEP BUYING! HOLD the line!
CMOOOON NOK
Nakd
GME - Just bought $5k more. TD Ameritrade
CALLING ALL BRITFAGS AND EUROPOORS
KEEP HOLDING AMC AND GME. FILE A LAWSUIT AGAINST THESE STOCKBROKER COMPANIES AND LET THE TRAIN TAKE YOU TO FUNKY TOWN.
The Recent Events...
I’ve always seen this sub on the popular page, and honestly for the longest time I ignored it because I had a false idea that this was full of junior wall street traders trying to maximize their money together, but this recent spree with Game Stop and short funds has me rolling around in tears. I barely know anything about stocks, but I do know the 2008 crash really screwed my family over, so to see a subreddit unofficially coming together to screw over professional wall streets brokers and executives, is, beautiful. Their panic over the past few days, is probably the best thing I’ve seen in years, and it’s clear whatever you’re doing is working. Keep it going guys, I think you have a lot of silent supporters out here.
DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE DOGE
Free market - not so
Someone make a investment bank with balls and use crypto as currency. This is stupid already.  When things aren't going their way. They block :D wtf.. honestly :D
Remember to leave a nice review on the app stores for are very kind overlords.
It's a great way to let everyone else know to use them as well, let's get them stars flying. (Yes this is sarcasm)   AMC to the moon
GME GME GME GME GME GME
Greenwich Lifesciences
I am watching this stock. Lots of Trading Halts months ago.
Send Baozun to the fucking moon
high short interest out there!!!!
GME let’s take that shit to 500
DOGE
Advice for new investor with funds locked in Robinhood?
Hello all, I have been lurking wsb for years now and finally decided to hop on the GME train. I am a man that lives pretty frugally week to week and spent 295 dollars for a stock last night that usually would be a week or two worth of survival funds in hopes of being able to profit a bit from the madness. Issue is my stock was never purchased and now my funds are tied into robinhood with no availability to have them released. Does anyone have any suggestions? I could really use the funds if I am unable to join in glorious battle with my wsb brethren as although it might seem like small money to some, it is very important to me. I understand the risk assessment and I understand I should not be using funds that I need to get by, however it has been a tough year and I was hoping for some good luck. Thanks for any advice!
Join the movement. Rate ROBINHOOD on the App Store 😉😉FUCK ROBINHOOD. GME, NOK, BB, AMC TO THE MOON      ROBINHOOD to THE CORE OF THE EARTH 🤬  😠🤬🤬😠😠
Amc
amc dont sell
Interesting theory.. maybe it was all planned?
You can still buy GME on WealthSimple! But this is its warning, HOLD STRONG AND BUY MORE GME!      🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕Positions: 8 Shares at 80$.
If GME, NOK, AMC is not tradeable, find new hedge fund short positions
Hey guys,  We are unable to Trade GME, NOK,AMC on most platforms . Are there other stocks where citadel, Melvin and all hedge funds have shorted . We can buy them .. the goal is to screw the hedge funds .. blocking certain stocks won’t stop us. We need to send this message. We keep HOLD our positions till we can trade these and buy other stocks .. APES United stay strong ..   Please comment which stocks are shorted and we can do buy in together ..
NAKD trade to $20 at least🍾🏆 BUY HODL
AMC hype anyone?
BUY BB
STOP SELLING BLACKBERRIE HOLD THE LINE
HOLD HOLD HOLD WE CANNOT LET THE MEN IN SUITS WIN THIS WE HAVE ELON AND MARK CUBAN ON OUR SIDE WE FUCKING HAVE THIS GUYS!!!
HOLD ONTO THE STOCKS DO NOT SELL! TAXES WILL ALSO TAKE A LARGE AMOUNT OF UR CASH AWAY KEEP AND FIGHT ON!
ROBINHOOD IS DOWN
ROBINHOOD KICKED ME OUT OF GME AND GAVE ME NONE OF MY MONEY BACK.
You get what you fucking deserve (Robinhood)
HOLD
Be strong and hold. If everyone holds nothing will change.
Finally! TradeRepublic works again!
Merrill Edge stopped supporting $GME
No longer can you buy and support via Merrill Edge〽️〽️〽️〽️〽️〽️〽️〽️〽️〽️〽️〽️〽️〽️〽️〽️⚠️⚠️⚠️
DELETEROBINHOOD
\#DELETEROBINHOOD
NOK on TD Ameritrade!
Can still buy NOK on TD Ameritrade
How about boycotting robbinhood and moving over to webull ?
Zomedica
Yall should stop the shorters for Zomedica!!! Its at $1!! Get em now!
What App
Is there an app we can use instead of RobinHood That won't restrict what we want to purchase and would still be free
Why is RH not supporting gme anymore and where can I buy
WE ARE WINNING! F WALL ST DOGE UP TODAY 100% YES 100 % GET OUT OF BITCOIN
DOGE ONLY .02 GOING TO   AT LEAST !!!!!
NAKD TO THE MOON! HOLD!
Let’s get retarded!!! I’m going full retard on BB
Stash is also not working now, can't even log in. Convenient timing. Get mad about all of this boys.
Hold, buy somewhere else.
Nokia
Buy it
This is a certified Robinhood moment
Benn trying to join the hoard for 2 days but keep getting roadblocked.
I put 10g in robinhood last night and of course they shut that shit down today. I started a TD account hoping to buy more in the morning but  cant seem to get any footing. I'm waiting on being approved with Webull and TD is taking forever with my banking information. Any ideas? Anybody faster?
Fill AMC, NOK, DOGE
HOLD HOLD HOLD
WSB STOCK BROKER. FOR US BY US.
We need a new stock broker online for the general public. Owners make no money. Do it for the movement... We need somewhere we can exercise our rights to buy and sell and we need our stockbroker to not be crushed under the pressure of big money. Lets get this started and keep the movement.
Jesus Christ you smoothbrains, DO NOT SELL! HOLD FOR PROFIT
TRADING IS STILL OPEN ON ETRADE!!!
FUCK ROBINHOOD!!
Anarchy that should be led by someone
Hey degenerates,   This subreddit has drastically grown in the past week. Not going to lie, I am here not from the very beginning, I have joined recently. 4,6m people that are united by the same idea. However, seeing people just spamming different stocks and telling that it will skyrocket actually looks stupid. I suggest that we need a leader, a degenerate that will lead all of us, thus with the united power of all of the people here we have more chances of lifting stocks.  Please, upvote this discussion   Apes together strong! 🦧
Should I buy AMC on Cashapp?
Its the only way I can buy it, is it safe, good idea wallstreet bets??
TELLL YOUR OTHER FRIENDS NOT TO SELL! WE UNDERSTAND!
I feel like the WSB community is solid but what about the thousands of people that heard about us on the local news?!? They are the ones who are afraid and start panic selling! I just hope you guys and gals are spreading the message via other social media channels. Make sure your friends on IG and FB know to HOLD!!
How To Get Revenge For The Platforms Blocking GME
First of all: find a platform.  Buy GME, NOK, BB.  Hold.  Don't sell!  Second: there is an investment that would hurt Wall St a LOT that they can't just turn off like this.  Gold and Silver.  This thread has a great explanation (focused on Silver but everything in the thread applies to Gold):    Buy the tickers GLD or SLV - which are directly related to the price of Gold and Silver (these are ETFs that hold Gold and Silver).  OR if you want to get extremely retarded, buy physical Gold and Silver too.  GLD and SLV are big name tickers that these platforms can't just flat out block or turn off.  And since Gold and Silver are finite (limited) resources they can't just issue more.  And Wall St has bet HEAVILY against Gold and Silver going up - since these assets going up shines a light on all the trillions of dollars that were printed and given to Wall St in the last 10 years - so they've worked HARD to keep them down.  This would hurt 100x more than GME.
Money is moving! Keep on GME, AMC, NKED, & DOGE!
MOON AMC GME NOK SNLD ect
i thought we was going to the moon!!!!! smh 002C7FF93N
MUST - Korea-based asset management sells off   (  of outstanding) shares
Based on what I've seen as drivers of the stock price, will this impact our ability to continue to hold an drive the price if there is now a huge amount of shares (float?) in the market now, allowing the shorters to cover their positions?
Joining late but im for the fire at wallstreet
Watched this for weeks and just laughed about it but now I'm joining just for the burn at wallstreet!!!
If you really want to beat the rigged game!
Everybody here needs to slow down and be more calculated! 1 stock a week or something like that! Hit them where it hurts when they are crashing the disaster that was left behind.  Otherwise this is what will happen. They will block everything in the rigged game. People will disperse too quickly into too many things!  Keep the front together! Slow down and be calculated with decisions!!!!
REVOLUTION
WE MUST ALL TAKE A STAND FUCK THESE BIG MANS THINK THEY RUN SHIT. HOLD UR POSITIONS UNTIL THE THE END OF TIME.
Don’t panic sell!! That’s what they want. As RH and other apps lock down the stocks, the instinct is fight or flight. Take a breath, grab some coffee, and think it through! I am holding the line across the board. Not selling a single stock today.
Do not go gentle into that good night,   Old age should burn and rave at close of day;   Rage, rage against the dying of the light.    Though wise men at their end know dark is right,    Because their words had forked no lightning they.  Do not go gentle into that good night.    Good men, the last wave by, crying how bright.  Their frail deeds might have danced in a green bay,   Rage, rage against the dying of the light.    Wild men who caught and sang the sun in flight,   And learn, too late, they grieved it on its way,   Do not go gentle into that good night.
Get in on this AMC, NOK & HYSR
The hypocrisy of these fuckers. WE JUST LIKE THE STOCK!
F ROBINHOOD They want to hold my money then block amc then I will buy AAL, They want to block AAL then I buy dogecoin they want to try and block that then I will pick another. Let's see how far they will go.
Robinhood has removed shares unrelated to WSB. They have removed almost everything that went over 20% yesterday
File a complaint to sec!
im asking all the retards out there to fucking file a complaint with the sec. please dont spam but we should site how this has effectively closed the market to everyone outside of wallstreet and is clear manipulation of the market. fuck robinhood
Fight against the establishment
This is horrible. Small investors can't make money cuz the financial establishments are losing. What happened to free market? Very unfair. We should be able to to trade according to SEC regulations. I'm holding my positions #NOK, #BB.
Fuck Brokers Blocking stock sales!
The money is in the PEOPLES hands for once and big money is not happy! We have taken the power for the first time and big money is coming in to RIP it out of our paws!
Yo fuck this shit
Hold you beautiful bastards. We will win!
AMC!!!!!!!!!AMC!!!!!!
AMC everybody, come on
What platform can I currently buy more of the goods on? Holding my shares on that coward of a trading company but want to buy more.
BB options expire tomorrow for loss. I ain’t selling - going down with the ship
SHORTSELLERS ARE TARGETTING AMC
Major sell off happening on $AMC and $NOK right now, brace yourselves.
FUCK ROBINHOOD! AFTER THIS IS OVER EVERYONE LEAVE ROBINHOOD! DON'T SELL NEVER SELL!
REAL SHIT THO WHAT DO WE SWITCH TO, BEEN ON ROBINHOOD FOR 5 YEARS
Wtf is going on with Robinhood?
I just put some cash on shares last night for gme and amc and it said it would go through Tun the morning but it auto canceled and now it says there not supported?? I’m new to this can someone fill me in. Where else can I buy???
Not sure if anyone buying the cypto Dogecoin but it's up 200 percent today . Also SNDL blocked by Robinhood only can sell it now !
TD CANADA / CIBC DOWN
This is looking very sus.
I love you all
I remember in 2008 my parents sitting us down and telling us that we might lose our house with nowhere to go, as well as their jobs. which my mom ended up losing and my dad kept even though a lot were laid off. Financial security is all i've ever wanted since.  I didn't buy into gme since I don't have an account yet, but i'm going to be rooting for everyone who did to ride that fucker to the furthest fucking galaxy away and have that financial security.      I sincerely love you all for coming together, my only regret is not being part of something this historical.     HOLD
Robinhood? Nah yall ROBBING the HOOD
Liquidated my RH account - doubled down on $GME
Fuck Robinhood. I liquidated all my positions except for GME today, profits and losses, fuck it. Once I'm done with that, I'm out.  I also added $15k into GME from my wells fargo money market IRA @350, because fuck Melvin and Citadel. They can ride my diamond cock all the way to bankruptcy.  Positions: 7 GME @ $79, 35 GME @ $350  After the events of today, when the GME play is done, I'm moving all my money to a broker who believes in free market.  Not a financial advisor, just one very pissed off investor.
Dogecoin
Woof
I need to be quick.
Who has a brokerage account that can be opened instantly that isn't blocking BB or  nok?
HOLD! If any of you Degenerates/Buying FDs understand how movie montages work they suppress the hero until the community rallies behind the hero to aid in their cause.. Let the villain attack HOLD! The community will rally for the win! Their Oppression will be their demise!!!!!!
Help
Long time lurker here but to afraid to get started with investing. I just watched the people stick it straight to the man with the  GME. I want in..... but I would like someone to explain how to get started. If you have decent guidance or think you can help  it would be greatly appreciated.
WHAT PLATFORM IS ALLOWING FOR GME TO BOUGHT?! ALL ABOARD!
I am basically retarded. What platform can I get on to buy the ever living fuck out of all the stocks that have been blocked by the likes of RH and others?
Pulling funds from Robinhood
Just wanted to say thanks to everyone for making me some profit. Leaving one dollar in my Robinhood cash management just to annoy them. Hopefully they will get their heads out of their asses.
Be calm this morning about any losses from gme, BB, amc, etc.
Because of robinhood being down I’m guessing many of the buying crowd are temporarily slowed down but once they all move to new platforms the prices should keep going up as long as we all stay organized.  They might win today and over the weekend but next week we can only see stonks! Even if we lose, as long as the hedge funds lose we still win.
Robinhood no longer supports gme and amc?
I placed an order for amc but robinhood apparently no longer support amc. It says my order was cancelled but the purchase still went through on my account wtf?
VARTA AG Short squeeze !!!!!
GET in
Hold on to your panties Doge hitting $1 today.
AMC dip
AMC shares dipped to  , good time to buy in.
RRC
$BB was at $25 pre market before Robinhood denied buying, Now im down $250. Why is this legal? How can a brokerage limit buying without any repercussions?
DIX Index is hard down, you all getting squeezed
Tell Robinhood how you really feels
When you see GameStop price drop knowing someone has 📄 🤚
Gentlemen and Ladies of reddit. All we have to do IS HOLD AMC,GME AND ALL THE OTHERS BABY
BUY AND HOLD! They cant limit our trading!
One of us!
Many unfortunately no longer supported by Robinhood.
SNDL, SIRI, and ACB still open
$BB and $NOK are shit plays. If youre loosing your ass on them today you deserve it. Understand the play before you jump in. $GME
Ok retards, buckle up cause your autism is about to go on full display.  We have 3 securities here, but one is not like the other. Im gonna put out a simple table of stats for you and see if you can figure it out:      Ticker Float (shares able to trade) Shares short (1/15)   :- :- :-   GME 47M 62M   BB 507M 43M   NOK 5,620M 60M   Which of these stocks, if there is a sudden spike, is going to cause shorts to get fucked in the ass? Which one could see every single fucking short exit and the market might not notice?  Fucking hell...understand the play before you shill retarded shit.  ETA: oh right, rules - $GME 10@315 with    till the end

Just bought 25 shares of GME to get on this rocket. Holding until $1,000 and beyond!
Guys $AMC is 40% down, when it hits the lowest low let’s all pile on it & take it to the moon... I’m holding onto 10000shares of AMC, I’m not going to sell even if $AMC is going to be 90% down... let my money burn their arse.
GME             HOLD RETARDS
GET NOK ASAP!! DOWN A LOT BUY DIP BUY DIP BUY DIP BUY DIP BUY DIP
CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT - ROBINHOOD APP
News popping up that RH is unlawfully suspending application functionality and blocking users from selling their positions.  Individuals can be part of this class action lawsuit if you've lost even a penny from this suspension.  Thoughts?
Who else is losing a crap load on options expiring tmr?
This is not right
Norwegian Sovereign Wealth Fund valued at more than 1 trillion dollars has sold their GME position. They're makinga mistake, HOLD YOUR POSITION AND BUY MORE IF YOU CAN.
Article in norwegian. Just google translate it or something.
THIS is the guy that got Robinhood to stop trading AMC, GME and others
IMPORTANT: HOW CITADEL, KEN GRIFFIN AND RH ARE COLLUDING TO TANK GME, AMC, BB ET ALL
Ok so this was brought to my attention via Portnoy's DDTG morning stream.  He mentioned that the hedge fund Citadel, and their manager Kenneth Griffin might be behind the delisting of GME, BB and AMC.  Hmmm, Citadel, that name sound familiar???  .    But why would robinhood cave to their demands? Well a quick google search will bring up these quotes from following articles (you may get paywalled on FT) :       FinancialTimes:       Emphasis mine:  "Robinhood’s revenues from equities and options order flow came to   $91m for the period, with $39m from Citadel Securities  . In the past, the company paid to settle charges with Finra, the US regulator, for failing to properly monitor trades sent to market makers."       Fortune:      "For example, when you buy a share of Tesla on your phone, Robinhood sends that order to a trading giant like Citadel Securities and receives a few pennies in return—the PFOF. Citadel, meanwhile, completes your trade and makes a few pennies   Robinhood, those pennies add up. A recent SEC filing, first cited by The Block, reveals Citadel Securities and a handful of other firms paid Robinhood nearly $100 million in the first quarter of 2020 alone."     I am working right now, so those are the only ones I can link right now, but there are tons more.             So what does this all mean?   Clearly, citadel has a financial interest in the GME squeeze, and stand to lose all of their injection into Melvin if we keep going (HOLD HOLD HOLD).  On the flip side, they have been paying RH significant sums to complete their trades, with up to 42% of RH's income according to that FT article.    Its not hard to connect the dots from there. Ol Boy Ken Griffin made a call to RH and told them to shut this shit down OR ELSE.  THIS IS BLATANT MANIPULATION!!! FILE COMPLAINTS WITH THE SEC, TWEET ABOUT IT, SHOUT IT FROM THE FUCKING ROOFTOPS!! More importantly: FUCKING HOLD YOUR SHIT, BUY BUY BUY, and let melvin, citadel and all the good ol boys feel the fucking pain.  They are scared, lets show them that they should be.
AMC   other words get the fuck in
Nokia
Is Nokia a smart buy now?
$BB $BB
SHOULD I BE SCARED OF BB GOING DOWN?!
A message for Robinhood
People said I was trolling. LOOK @ IT
BUY THE DAX!
DAX TO THE MOON!
HOLD NAKED
Please!!!! HOLD THE FUCK SAKE THE NAKD STOCK! IT will be at least 6 euros next week!!!!
Lets goooooooooooooooooo guys I want AMC getting big as gme, cmon lets trade and show those damn brokers, what a community can create!!! alot Of money!!! AMC that is the way of getting in the history books of profit explosions on the Wallstreet!!! Guys believe in the power of AMC and earn the money!
Dodgecoin
Dodgecoin
Got my money in AMC, let GOOO
To the moon
NOK to the moon baby :)   Love you all
XRP DESERVES THE MOON AGAIN ‼️
GME Still worth it?
The stock has dropped to $369, I can’t purchase it through Robinhood anymore, but I can still buy it through Charles Schwab. Is it still worth to buy shares?
They hate you as well
Obviously a little irony for Reddit users and traders. You all getting banned or quasi de-platformed from making this $GME trade is no different from Reddit banning Trump supporters and groups. One side just didn’t like what the other was doing so they are trying to close it down. Either we stand for free speech and free actions or we don’t. The people trying to stop this are the same people Trump was up against. We have to start understanding this.
SEND DOGE TO THE FUCKING MOON RH CANT HALT CRYPTO
just doubled down on 4 more shares of GME on Vanguard
we can do it
FIDELITY IS FREE TRADING. They also DO NOT sell your order flows to hedge funds and shut down your trades. SWITCH NOW their app is great too
Hatch - NZ based platform still allowing buy/sell of GME
Can't let the lawbreakers win, keep buying!
Buy and hold $NOK you son of a bitch! 'Cause Mickey loves you!
Tried making some memes :D
it's going   up
Go for INPX and ADMP its going   up
Buy BB very low let's go
DOGE COIN
DOGE COIN TO $1
DOGECOIN
DOGECOIN TO THE MOON UP HUGE RN
New to this group. Just one question.
I got an automated message not allowing me to ask a question.  I’m not spam.  I’ve been reading the news and I want to join you.  I’ve never been on Reddit so I just joined today.  I’m trying to set up a Robinhood account but I was asking if there is another option for trading other than Robin Hood.  I’m not a spammer.  I’m a 42 year old nurse that wants to make a little money and join your group to do to wallstreet what the rich people and funds do all the time to make themselves richer.  I want to join you to give more power to normal people like us to get the same advantage that’s never been possible for us before now.   Thank you
SNDL Goes BIGGGGGGG
BUY   SNDL   and HOLD
THIS SHIT IS MAKING MY DICK HARD!
Just so we’re all straight, if Doge coin breaks the dollar marker we’re all holding until $  right?
Hold buy the dip to the moon
OBLG  NOKIA KODAK XPSA EXPR AMC KOSS
CAN BUY ON CASHAPP
Only limited stocks no GME but AMC, BBBY, NOK are available
FYI RE ROBINHOOD >< CITADEL
AMC needs a Fannie Mae style bailout from GME shareholders right about now.
YOU CAN STILL BUY AMC and NOK via the CASHAPP!!!! BUY BUY BUY BUY then HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD!!! FUCK WALL STREET WE CAN WIN!!!!
CASHAPP CASHAPP CASHAPP
GME now suspended from trading!!!! E TRADE
BUY AND HOLD BUY AND HOLD 🤑🤑🤑
GET GME TO DA MOON BOYS
NOK TO THE MOON
I was pissed but my order of 20 shares went through. My call didn’t go through sadly. RUN IT UP AND PUSH DOGE CAUSE THAT’S THE REAL MOVE TODAY AND TOMORROW.
If you sell now, not only are you a 📜  loser but you are morally wrong. Here's why.
For context I am a recently graduated engineer with a decent job making \~52k a year. I have 32k in college debt and just bought a house putting me at 92k in debt at the age of 25. I joined in to the GME fiasco for memes. Then I realized how legitimate it was and threw the rest of my liquid cash in my robin hood portfolio at it. 2500 at 64 per share average. I could take my gains now and make a serious dent in my debt and some other very important purchases I need to make.  With all the blatant market manipulation going on by the big guys at the moment I understand many people are very scared. You could buy a new car, pay off debt, etc... I almost paper handed this morning with the robinhood news before coming to this important realization. I have enthusiastically supported this movement over the last week and it would be nothing short of   immoral and treacherous to take my gains now and go back on my words leaving others holding the bag.   This is no longer a quick cash play. This is a literal character defining moment in your life and while no one may know what you do today your actions will cement what type of person you really are when you have something on the line. I hope everyone here makes it out as winners at the end of this.  As always this is a work of fiction do your own due diligence, GME to the moon,   FUCK   the big guys, don't buy awards you know where the money should go and   I LIKE THE STOCK.       Proof of position:
What’s happening
Someone gave me an update we’re all still holding strong
MEME STOCKS ($BB $GME $NOK) ALIVE AND WELL IN ETORO
COME OVER AND BUY (Stonks only, no options)
This drop is good for Nokia
It just adds strength to tomorrows squeese! Just like when ocean dries up before zunami!!! NOKIA IS GOING TO MOON

Check it out for stats around low float and high short interest stocks!
Robinhood crypto frozen
Anyone else have all the cryptocurrencies on robinhood say that they can’t execute right now?
Merrill Edge blocked buying of GME and AMC
Please HOLD. DO NOT SELL!!!!! They’re trying to drive the price down so that we retail investors panic sell. It’s such a dirty tactic. HOLD THE LINE. GME and AMC to the moon!!!!
BBUY AND HOLD $GME $AMC and $BB
Don’t give up! Don’t ever give up. Buy what you can, when you can, and hold it!
I’m doing my part
Robinhood’s new mission statement
Apple not updating reviews on Robinhood
Your time to buy AMC and BB
Your time to get a price of the pie. AMC BB AND GME TO PLUTO           🧑‍ 🧑‍ 🧑‍ 🧑‍ 🧑‍ 🧑‍ 🧑‍ 🧑‍ 🧑‍ 🧑‍ 🧑‍ 🥰🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌
First $  ✅ now 10000      🏽
BUY NAKD!!! HOLD!!! LET's GO!

FreeFall
Everything is getting crushed.
Buy SPCE - Virgin Galactic!
Cool space stock!  To the Moon!
HOLD AND BUY THE DIP        don’t be a paper handed bitch
I wonder what the CEOs of Nokia, Blackberry, GameStop and AMC are thinking right now, but I bet they’re with the little man on this. 🙂
VIRGIN GALACTIC
LOOK AT VIRGIN GALACTIC GO
DOGE
DOGE to 1$
GAME ON
These motherfuckers have just declared war. What are you gonna do fight? or pussy out and run.  I'm gonna hold no matter what
Cash app
Allowing AMC buys
$NAKD and $CTRM TO THE MOON
HOW CAN WE BUY GME FROM THE
Trading 212 won’t allow it... what platforms can we use in the
Let’s run Robinhood to the ground
Let’s all transfer our stocks out of Robinhood to other accounts and spread the word!
OGI SNDL DOGECOIN
Let’s go dogeeeeeeee
Don’t let these platforms push you away that’s exactly what they want
We can’t let these big trading companies win now is the time to beat them the trading companies see it coming thats why they are trying to hide these companies from their search bars and constantly suspending the ability to buy. Now is the time GME, BB, NOK, AMC, EXPR, we are going to the moon     I hope u guys come with too. Diamond hands don’t sell buy any dips you see now is the average persons time to show the big companies the can’t take us down. Let’s ride these companies to the moon
FREE STOCK DISCORD!!! HOLD THE LINES AND MAKE THAT BREAD!!! GME, AMC, NOK, DOGE!!!!

Dogecoin IS the crypto version of $GME
And it’s not regulated by anyone! Get in before it hits $1.. you’re welcome     fuck Robinhood
List of places you can still buy
I think we should start a thread that’s a list of apps and websites that are still letting people buy these specific stocks. I’ll start, Cashapp is still letting me buy amc stocks and I saw someone else that you can still buy amc on fidelity
NOK and BB to the Moon
Hold in there soldiers, 2 hours until lift off.
DogeCoin is
Newish stalk trader
Hey guys, So im new to stalks. what would the best stalks to buy right now be?
Robinhood uninstalled.
Halting being the opposite of what Robinhood stands for. F em!!
Am I the only one who can't sign up for Robinhood?????
It's not Loading since 3-4hrs!!
Just submitted my RobinHood complaint to the SEC at   Have you submitted yours?
Anyone have information on the amount of shorts being held still?
We never got an update if they settled some shorts during the Robinhood blackout, how many shorts are there left
Sign up Get free Shares, Start trading
WE'RE JUST GETTING STARTED.
SPCE TO THE MOON!!!!
we eating good today boys
BB a sweet buy if you can
I think BB is a nice buy on this dip right now. it probably has the best underlying financials of most of these to the moon stocks.  BUT everyone must at the very least hold! get you money to somewhere that you can buy and sell and lets keep this revolution moving along!
Withdraw from robinhood
So what happens when my amc and nok order get canceled? Where does my money go?
Beautifully accurate
GUYS DO NOT SELL!! WE ARE IN THIS TOGETHER!! THE REWARD WILL BE MUCH MUCH BETTER THAN YOU THINK. WE ARE MAKING THESE PUNKS LOSE MILLIONS!!! HOLD THE LINE!!!
NOK TO THE MOON
Upvote this so more people can buy in and hold for Wallstreet!
buy GME! - HOLD SEND A MESSAGE BOYS
Send a message retards letsgoooooo
Question from a Newbie
Hi everyone!   So with the lock on the GameStop and AMC stocks - am I correct in thinking that this drastic drop in value is because everyone is panic selling and there is no one to buy the stock?   If so, are we predicting it to bounce back with Brokers like RobinHood and 212?   Or is this going to end the shorting as Wall Street can now buy the stock while it’s very low?
I just bought AMC, BB and GME in using Revolut app
Just to let you know my orders just went through if you are looking to buy now ! Keep holding people
Why is BB going down? I am worried.
TBH I READ WE SHOULD ALL DONATE 1-2$ AND FILE SOME LAW SUITS AGAINST THESE COCK SUCKING BITCHES
🧤🧤 🪐 🌓
HOLD HOLD HOLD
$AMC & $EXPR must be hold at any cost!!!! Those mofo in suits won't get us DOWN!!!   UNITED AS ONE, WE CAN BEAT ANYONE!!!!
Dave, AOC and Don Jr are all correct... it’s only okay for the big guys to win.
Just HOLD   HOLD
Because we can’t buy. And most of us aren’t selling. Is it going up and down like that because the shorts are buying low selling high without us being able to contribute?
This sums us up pretty well
FUCK ROBINHOOD
Bought GME at 2am, was going to go through at 8:30. Robinhood then shuts down all buys on GME so my transaction for the share fell through and then they still tried to take the $292 from my bank. Now im out of the race AND these grimy ass people tried to take $292 even though the goods I wanted are no longer available!!   FUCK THE GREED, IM STILL ROOTING FOR ALL YOU RETARDS!!!!!!! BLAST OFF       💦💦💦
We are holding to prove a point
Money is nice obv but this is to show the world when united we can't be stopped hold on to your shit don't sell.
GME - Revolut killing me! First attempted purchase was at $280 🙃
Fellow retard from Australia, Hello Stake is just a white screen
DOGE TO THE MOON BABY DOGE IS THE CRYPTO GME
SEE TITLE
Can we get thread updating us on $GME short percentage? I think this would be helpful for everyone
Robinhood jumped ship on GME completely!
BUY Doge Now - Thank me later
Doge is about to be pumped
DOGE
DOGECOIN TO THE MOON
Available trading platform mega thread??
Hello fellow autists. I’ve looked on my E TRADE app and it is not restricting any trades at all. I want to be sure we have more that aren’t pulling a shitty Robinhood move
$GME says fuck you to Robinhood
QUIT PUSSYING OUT
GME ON ROBINHOOD JUST FUCKING DIPPED $80, STOP PUSSYING OUT AND SELLING, KEEP COMMITTING
We are up against forces that think they can control your lives.. HOLD THE LINE
CNN doing MSM things again
How do I do stuff
I’m 16 and have always been very interested in the markets after my dad got into the marijuana companies early. I have no idea how to do anything but I want to be a part of whatever’s going on. I don’t even know how to buy stock. Smn plz help I need it.
NOK NOK NOK
Robinhood not letting us buy... hit them where it hurts. If you are using the app, rate it 1 star and leave a review. Tank their AppStore rating.
TIME TO BUY AMC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ITS NOW OR NEVER!!!
Nokia and amc hold your stuff 🤡pls
One word: Doge
All we need is Elon Musk to tweet One Word: Doge
I’m 16 and wanna get involved in all this hype and profits, how do I convince my dad to set me up an account???? Wanna go to the moon with the rest of you retards
Dont Sell!
Yes robbinhood fucked us! Though if you can just think of this as an opportunity To BUY THE DIP! May your hands be of   and out victory be great!
New trader here
As the title says, I’m new to the trading game, but I want on board. How do I get started on this?   Not necessarily looking for strats, but apps and things of that nature.
FYI Schwab
Schwab mobile  still allowing buys. Just bought more NOK and AMC      🔥
When’s the squeeze supposed to happen today? I heard a lot of talk but wasn’t the squeeze supposed to occur on Friday or am I just missing more brain cells than usual
Let's take AMC to $400 by next week!!! MAKE AMC THE NEW GME!!
I'm on the AMC train. Currently trying to buy on cashapp and it took like 50 tries. Says pending now lol I'm buying more as soon as this first order goes through!
time to move on to bigger fish $slv they cant restrict this
alright comrades. lets get the train moving. 24c are PRINTING. lets get on this. they cant restrict $SLV. i got feb05 26c.  lets get our retard on!
Utterly disgusted, can everyone here please leave a 1 star rating on this BS app
DOGE UP +95% TODAY, LETS. KEEP. IT. GOING!
Let’s send that good boy to the moon!
Buy VSTM
Robinhood is blocking a lot of stocks. We have to keep blowing others up
Huge Dip In AMC Time To Buy
Make sure you are all Holding! AMC dipped time to buy more let’s goooo
🪰 ME TO THE   $AAL 🛫📈
ROBIN HOOD can Suck it! Who to use?
I am new to this stonk business, I've only used robin hood as it was easy now they can suck it.  What company is good to use and hasn't fucked their customers?
DOGECOIN to $1?
DEGIRO TO BUY NAKD!!!!! I BUY WITHOUT PROBLEM!!!!!!
Switching from Robinhood after today.
So which app are we switching to? Because I just know all of us Robinhood users are dumping them after this BS.
Capitalist hypocrisy
"Friedman said the Nasdaq's role as a "self-regulatory organization" is to make sure activity in the market is "legitimate" and to root out manipulation in the market.  The hypocrisy is strong with this one.
Transfer from Robinhood
We have a lot of power and today we got screwed. I believe it's time for somebody with more intelligence than me to start a class action lawsuit. I also believe that everybody should be transfer their money out of Robin hood for what they have done. I'm sure many people have cashed out and experienced a huge decline in their profits. Those of us that are standing strong may eventually get screwed. Fuck Robin hood and the institutions
TD halted GME trading
Time is now pissigs! $NAKD!!!
why not $BBW
ay i’m just sayin if we can’t buy $GME $AMC $NOK or $BB .......    not trading advice
Singapore still trading GME 3 Stocks in.
IM STILL GONNA HOLD GME TO THE MOON BABY
AMC IS ON CASHAPP BUY BUY BUY
Which platforms still have SNDL? I have some in RH but want to add more. It’s a solid company and could be going up a LONG WAY FOR A LONG TIME. This stock is HIGH (see what I did there?)
Boom!!! Here come the Boom!!! Ready or not, here come the boys from the south!!! GME! AMC! NOK!
4 million (Million)   you guys realize the power we  's do   the people are taking our country   our   are way to fuck tards and fuck   like this stock and thats all we   there eyes)  your skills in the comments
do you guys realize the power we  's do   the people are taking our country   our   are way to fuck tards and fuck    like this stock and thats all we   there eyes)  your skills in the    let's win this shit....
I did the for you retards and for the kids.... We still holding but with a chocky milk in hand with 2 scoops
BB thoughts?
BB thoughts?
WE have frozen Etrade AND the market AGAIN. HOLD on!
Every time GME dips
$NOK Put my whole Savings in this... not worried. I believe in the community.  💯
GME, AMC, BB, SNDL, AAL, Doge all blocked what else?
Class-action suit against Brokers for deliberately restricting access to trading platforms?
Hi guys,   It's been two days that E-trade and Ally keep restricting my access, are down, or similar recurrent issues.   It seems that lots of you are experiencing the same, so why not starting a class action against those companies, which from my understanding are acting outside of their legal contractual obligations without any direction from regulatory agencies?   I believe a few thousands of people with documented issues could be enough for a juicy class action or at least enjoy an arbitration.   What do you all think?
some stocks not available to trade in my app (Revolut). anyone knows why?
Hey! i jumped on the bandwagon few days ago and threw just a $25 on the pile just to screw with the hedge fund, i’m not planning on getting rich throught it or not even getting a dime. i just want to add my part to the bonfire. i wish more people would do this with the minimum they can sacrifice, that would make a bigger impact. but that’s not the point - in order to throw in my 25 i had to open a trader’s account in the app i’m using - Revolut. i wanted to throw some more into other stocks, but some of them are not even visible in my app. for example i can’t find Nokia stocks at all, i think there were some others too. i know some apps blocked the trading of some stocks because of us (lmao), but Nokia stocks weren’t visible since i opened the trader’s account. any ideas what’s that about?     one more thing - massive high five to whoever started the whole thing and the whole community behind it! cheers!
BUY AND HODOR!!!!!!!!! Don’t you dare to fucking sell! We’re going to Andromeda with this!🌠🌠🌠🌠🌠🌠🌠🌠💫💫
SNDL?
So robinhood also stop this one ??? Whats the move on it
New, Livid, and Bought $AMC. FUCK THESE GUYS!!!
I'm sick over what's going on. It's not much, but I bought $AMC purely because it's all I could access since RH is down (where most my money is), but Think or Swim allowed me to buy $AMC.  So I did. I'll buy more. I'll buy whatever else it takes to fuck these guys over.   Let's burn it the fuck down.
DOGE to the moon!!
I know that everyone is all about GME and BB right now, but DOGE is moving today, and at pennies a stock it is great for the potential.  Having tens of thousands of shares is making a big difference as it grows right now!
Prices are going to     when the markets open up again. BUY NOW IF YOU CAN AND CONSIDER YOUSELF LUCKY!
Right now, all the autists are locked out of their accounts/ their brokers are scum/ trade services are down.   When that opens up again, there's an army of people waiting to buy.   HOLD GME, TAKE THE BB AMC DISCOUNT             See you on mars brethren
The War Is Over
Everyone got what they wanted and we technically won seeing stocks jump exceeding 100s of percents within days. All good things come to an end. The people that were smart took their profits and made out with fairly substantial amounts of money, but a bigger percent of people are bound to lose, and currently are losing lots of money. That’s the name of the game people here are playing. Congratulations to those who made out with a profit and my condolences to those who made an account to gamble money that lost ‍♂️
GME Stock Price Frozen
Anyone else seeing that GME is frozen at   Shows in both Robinhood and web browser for me.
Why $AMC is going down????
Any incites on this behavior???
Eurofag here
And so happy I got my ordered 3 shares before 212 pulled this "no buy" manipulation bullshit  STAY STRONG, HOLD FOR DEAR LIFE, I LOVE EACH OF YOU AUTISTIC BASTARDS  TO THE MOON
Europe trading in US stocks exists too
I just bought some AMC from Spain.
Is there any way to buy GME or AMC.
Are there any other platforms to purchase GME or AMC since Robinhood fucked us over.
Robinhood blocking users from buying GME
The dip on NOK? Sus?
So I have a question is the dip on NOK because hedge bastards are moving out or because they are trying to play us? I legitimately want to know what is happening.
Prices are going to     when the markets open up again. BUY NOW IF YOU CAN AND CONSIDER YOUSELF LUCKY!
Right now, all the autists are locked out of their accounts/ their brokers are scum/ trade services are down.   When that opens up again, there's an army of people waiting to buy.   HOLD GME, TAKE THE BB AMC DISCOUNT             See you on mars brethren
Loot from engaging in market manipulation and pissing off your entire userbase
Errored out when I tried to CANCEL my sell order!
AMC, BB, EXPR, & NOK all down, but guess what I'm not doing?
HOLD  't be a bunch of pussies...
AMC on lockdown
Buy&Hold $GME
Look, I yolo'd more money than I should have on this and I stand to lose a disgusting amount of money that will fuck me in the A but I. AM. NOT. FUCKING. SELLING. DO NOT SELL!
Do not witch hunt, but the COO of RobinhoodApp literally has the twitter handle of "Gengster1" You can't make this shit up. Report Robinhood. Leave a 1 star review!
How we feeling about NOK today?
NOK STOCK IS IN RED !? Take it to green ✅✅✅✅✅✅✅
Gme
650 by close?? I hat have you to lose
Dodge coin
Dodge coin is exploding right now!
Dogecoin...... come on Robinhood!
Discord Link?
Alternative Brokerages?!
So since Robinhood tried to Fuck us over. (Which they didn’t only made us stronger) I was thinking about switching over to E Trade. Any thoughts?
Orders cancelled by Robinhood. Placed them last night. Yeah I’m poor, but I believe in this and I’m doing what I can.
Continue to push this point across
HOLD $NOK AND BUY MORE WHILE YOU CAN, LET’S GET IT TO THE MOON
Lets fight!!!
They can't control us!! Lets go GME AMC to the moon!!!!
Nice
Fuck I’m making dog shit decisions
I’m under 18 and all I have is 600$ I told my dad to buy me 2gme at this mornings dip would’ve been 400 dollars richer who wants to buy me some I’ll PayPal you the money
Buy in dip or you'll wish you did
AG? silver?
What taking it to the hedge fund FUCKS kinda feels like
Schawb blocking GME trades now
It's on now!
Some information on SNDL
SNDL (Sundial Growers) is a Canadian company based in the Cannabis sector.  Small-cap and recently around november experienced lodes of volume (around 2B max I think, but Im not entirely sure!)   However, it got shorter to fuck.. now here it is making a comeback, finally breaking out of the 1dollar resistance level. It had lots of attention already from platforms / fora like Stocktwits.   With Biden as president we can expect cannabis to be legalised some day soon, when this happens these stocks / sector will explode.   SNDL has a lot more potential growth / upside than its competitors and is now looking at company deals, mergers or expansions to sell in the USA as well.
$LPCN shorted down to $ ! A steal and still able to be traded on Robinhood
We need to remove our money from all trading apps that halted trading. That is bullshit. CANCEL TRADE HALTS.
An Open Letter to Robinhood (you can copy paste this and send to RH)
To Vladimir Bhatt and the entire Robinhood Team,  Fuck you.   We loved you like a brother, we thought you were on our side. I thought Robinhood was started to democratize stock trading. Those were all lies. As soon as your friends that you got lunch with on the upper east side and played golf with weekly, started hurting, you abandoned us for them. We will never forget. You are one of them. A Melvin lapdog, a CNBC ally, we know who you really are Robinhood. You don’t steal from the rich and give to the poor; you steal from us, your users, and for what? Just to make sure your hedge fund buddy can still afford his private jet and his 3rd house in the  ?  When the dust settles, we will come for you. You will lose me as a user. More importantly, you will lose me as a friend. I’d much rather pay fees, that be stabbed in the back.   Wait by your mailbox. A class action lawsuit will come soon enough. There are enough of us, any only 1 of you. You will feel the pain that you inflicted on us. This is my promise. This is the promise of my brothers. This is no longer about money to us, its about what’s right.   You have created a monster that you cannot contain.   Sincerely,  u/adog1214     (This is not financial advice, nor do I speak for anyone else on r/wallstreetbets. I am just one of the many who was forgotten by the hedgefunds of Wall Street)
THE DIP IS NOT PEOPLE SELLING ITS THE COMPANIES HOLLLLLLLLDDDD
ITS TIME WE DRIVE THIS RATING INTO THE GROUND
AMC to the moon
Buy AMC
Don't be fooled by fools over there at MOTLEY FOOL, you fooks
The-dane
THIS MOVMENT SHOWS HOW STRONG PEOPLE ARE WHEN THEY UNITE AGAINST POWERFUL CRIMINALS
HOLD $GME, HOLD $BB, HOLD $AMC, THE SUITS CANT WIN. DIDN’T GET IN? DOGECOIN IS OUR NEW WHALE.
What brokers are allowing $GME buys?
Can we compile a list, so that we all shift our brokers out of scums like Robinhood?
Lets see if they can suspend silver!!!! Moon it.
DONT LET THE VULTURES WIN ON AMC.
They are likely forcing ROBINHOOD to hold trading to cover their massive losses, and screw the company even more with shorts.
Thoughts
What's the thought about SNDL     \#saveamc
Buy NOK
EVERYONE START A FUCK ROBINHOOD CHAIN 🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻
FUCK ROBIN HOOD 🖕🏻🖕🏻  PUSHOVER FUCKS 🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻
Well here's my take y'all
Hey guys, not sure if this is going to make it through the modblocker but here goes. Long as \ \ \ \  I know but bear with me. Censored so we can play by someone else's game.   Long time lurker, didn’t make a reddit account until like 3 days ago because I am an introvert and never participate in this community, only doom-scrolled endlessly for years with hearty belly laughs. I found WSB after a confusing 2018 and shedding tears wearing a ratty flannel inside a Model S in a Tesla showroom. Needless to say, I've since upgraded to the H&M sales rack.   So, I, like a lot of you, was a kid during 2008. My parents had a business in a booming market whose success led them to buy a house; they got absolutely crushed and it marked the end of their relationship and a string of hopelessness that is etched into my mind.   Well, I wound up choosing the camo pajama path for a few years for free college. This post mainly applies to Americans I guess, because this is our system, and we're promised inalienable rights through our Constitution and the Free Market line-of-thought and such.   1)  The people of this country are awesome. People wearing camo pajamas for a living gave me a wide knowledge of how fabulous and great the average guy/gal is here. Integrity is top-notch amongst those who came from modest backgrounds. If you don’t come from the USA, I would understand this statement would be confusing, especially after what happened on the 6th of JAN. I have to tell you, I was exposed to the wealthy and the non, and damn. The power of manipulation the mighty dollar holds is completely underestimated.   2)  The people of this community are from modest backgrounds. They live day-to-day jobs. They don’t go baller with their earnings. If they ‘lose it all’, they remain the same. I personally will remain in my small apartment. I tried taking earnings yesterday and celebrating with a $50 dish from a fancy restaurant, but having to deal with the surrounding people and food wasn’t worth the price. And man, every table of richies was talking about this forum.   3)  This is a government of the people, by the people, for the people. And it shall not perish from the earth. Gettysburg address, Lincoln. Here’s the deal, for all you onlookers who are truly curious about what is happening. Red Pill Blue Pill time. Every piece of news you are ever told ever is now controlled by billionaires who have a vested purpose of convincing you of something. Watching that interview on CNBC with Chamath Palihapatiya yesterday shook me to my core; when he started talking about when we were kids, it struck a tone. He’s right. Sentiment is there. This forum is by far the most intelligent, most interesting, most amazing thing I’ve ever had the opportunity to be a part of, and I never even participated.   4)  The truth is, the people that have been in WSB for years have been continuously \ \ \ \ \ \  with by Wall Street. Intentional massive swings in price to strip money from these guys in Options, and if you don’t understand what I’m talking about, just trust me. These guys have been (capital) \ \ \ \ \ \  (capital) by Wall Street over and over again. We all, collectively, live in their game. They control video media, they control print media, they control financial media. Every piece is a hit piece. Trust me on this. Trust WSB on this. They are not trying to protect us. Never have, never will.  5)  To our politicians on so-called Free-Market economics. What you are witnessing is a true expression of a truly free capitalist market. A bunch of traders find intrinsic value in a stock and by all and every account of the rules that we claim to have adopted in this country, can and are allowed to continue. You should take ALL and EVERY call to stop this with utmost scrutiny. If you truly represent us Americans, you need to open your eyes and have an open mind. This event is literally the beginning of the scene in Wizard of Oz, where we are slowly peaking behind the curtain. Income inequality is real. Wall Street manipulates Americans to meet their objectives. This is fact- not opinion. The eyes of the world are literally upon you. If we had this situation in the 60's and it was squelched by our government, you can bet your sweet \ \ \  that there would be communist propaganda stating capitalism was a lie to benefit the fat cats.   EVERY. SINGLE. RED BLOODED AMERICAN. Is following this right now. I would argue the vast majority of them are rooting for WSB, the little guy, for once.   6)  To our politicians on the people here. The vast majority of people here are generous, kind, and caring people. They care about their communities, they care about more than “economy”. As mentioned before, they know no bail-out. Never have. Another thing- and AOC this is for you. Fight for us here. WE WILL PAY ALL TAXES ON GAINS AS PER OUR TAX BRACKET. The people are watching. A free-market economy will work well when we all can play together.   7)  This group of traders calls themselves “idiots”. They understand the system is rigged. They are trying to fight back in an intellectual manner. Unfortunately, if income inequality continues unmitigated and you don’t fight for us, I've got a feeling that the people that come to fight next will not be the same group. They will not understand why they’re struggling, they just are. They will not know or understand the mechanics of the markets, finance, or wealth. They will not call themselves “idiots”, and they’re going to be spurred by much worse chat-boards in much worse corners of the internet. Surely, on 6JAN, if you went over to your average joe, there’s no way in hell they considered themselves ‘stupid’.   8)  I’m begging you. Fight for our democracy. Fight for a free market. Fight for the right to party. Fight to equate the system. Fight for free access to unbiased information for all traders. Fight for neutral media. Fight to keep people from being controlled. Please. If you don’t do anything to keep billionaires from destroying us over and over again, Capitalism as we know it is at stake. Movements will become more radical. This will not be a one-off thing in our country. Keep in mind, thousands of our countrymen/women have died fighting to preserve capitalism and free trade throughout the world. To be "protecting" investors like this is to not rationalize our nation's previous conflicts. To keep this system the way it is currently, and to allow blatant market manipulation to continue in this country is to not have a damn clue what we are all about. This is a democracy, through and through. Be leaders. LEAD THIS SHIT.   9)  I believe very strongly in capitalism and a free market. What you’re seeing is income equalization in a free market before your very eyes. It required no government hand-holding. It required no extra taxes or bureaucracy. It required no thought by anyone in government. It required no legislation. It did, however, require a lot of thought and due-diligence by some amazingly intelligent people who did so on a free public forum for the benefit of all. This is the true merit of capitalism, and every single American that claims to love our system and our way of life needs to know- you're witnessing the cracking of the facade occur before your very eyes. We’ve been tricked for so long to think that we’re living in a truly free capitalist market. We’re not. They own the tools, they own the information, and they own the capital. We’re playing someone else’s game. Always have, always will. Don’t believe what you hear. Think for yourselves. We are players in THEIR game.  BUT  !!!!!!!!!!POWER. TO. THE. PLAYERS!!!!!!!!!!  1000 shares GME  Gimme some rocket and diamond hands emojis cause this is my first post plz. I promise you, I will contribute DD in the future because you all deserve it, you marvelous marvelous people. PLTR ftw  Don't message me. I don't care about what you think. GO USA. FIX THIS COUNTRY HOLY SHIT.
where to buy gme stocks UK?
trading 212 and forex has awful reviews on trust pilot
NKLA
Nikola (nkla) is ready
Trend THIS FAT CATS
\#DUMPROBINHOOD
I like $GME
But I also like Dogecoin( $DOGE ).  That is all.
You retards don’t actually understand what the fuck is going on
Stop trying to divert attention to other stocks like AMC or BB, yeah they can see mooning like we did with GME but that isn’t about primarily making tendies anymore, we are fucking over the shorts here. RH blocked off orders on GME? Go to other brokers that allow it. Do your part. Your wife’s boyfriend will be proud retards.
CNX
Is cashapp Stuck Pendong for Anyone else?
Tried to buy AMD at 9:06 EST, it says scheduled for 9:30, but 1) is saying it will buy at the market price form that time (19$  ) and 2) has yet to clear as of 10:22 EST. Is anybody else having this issue? Will I get the current price of the stock when the buy is completed or will I be screwed by the high at time buying price?
DOGE
BUY DOGECOIN Robinhood scum hasn’t blocked the buying yet, go crazy and show them who really runs the market
If you can't search for $GME, $NOK etc on Robinhood, go to   for GME or   for Nokia. Still can't buy though! But at least see the stock details this way.
Go to  <STOCK-CODE> where <STOCK-CODE> is your stock's name
I’m holding, holding on for sanity to be restored
Robinhood was happy to take our ‘dumb’ money but now when we might make money it’s no good?! They are driving down prices to make you scared, all political sides can see how screwed up this is but who is going to step up?!! Is this when our divided nation actually comes together?!?
What in the almighty dollar happened to my AMC trade?
Those shmucks at robinhood closed my trade of AMC. I get there was turmoil and shut, but just outright closing the trades!?
Where can I buy GME right now? Asking for my wife’s boyfriend
Wasn’t gonna buy more but now that they’re playing dirty and locking retail down, I’m ready to spend.  TO THE MOON BOYS AND GIRLS
OGI!!! With legalization imminent federally this will be a steal!!!!
BB going      anyway 😴
AMC      buy and hold!!!!
Can’t get my Ally account up and going. Can’t transfer money over, can’t do anything. Was on hold for over 40min.
Beating the house.
These fuckers are mad we're winning so damn much, they're tryna push us out but we won't fold!!! We like the stock!! It was made by those who are tards, and the tards keep it!! To infinity and beyond
TDAmeritrade still taking new GME orders TO THE MOON MY BROTHERS   🤑🤑🤑
GME IM BUYING AND HOLDING       LET THE STONKS RISE 🙏🏻 🙏🏻
You can buy $bb and $gme on Revolut app
This
Processing img iesmi9dbc3e61...
Even my 63 year old mother knows they are trying to fix it in their favor. Hold the line everyone!
IM HOLDING OUT TO THE BITTER END - SIGN ME UP FOR THE CLASS ACTION LAWSUITS
DO NOT SELL SNDL
right now robinhood is blocking purchases for almost everything. there will be a large influx of sellers bc sndl is dropping. DO NOT SELL!!!!! HOLD TO THE MOON
My bro ELONNNNN
GME FOR A 100 YEARS MORTY      DOWN WITH THE CITADEL
Trading service
Okay everyone so I currently use E TRADE just because was the first one I started with last year and had been considering switching to robin hood what is your all’s opinions I know that robin hood is ran by the suits are you all going to stay with it or switch to someone else
AMC
Do you guys think AMC will pick up again or should I sell well I still can?
BB BOYS HOLD
Hold you beautiful bastards, BB to the moon       Position: 80 Shares @ $
Cryptocurrency is not the same as stocks. Its not built to be regulated. How can robinhood restrict it they have yet to put any restrictions on it.
Where else can you buy cryptocurrency?
Dogecoin
All INNNNN
WE LIKE THE STOCK!
RoBinHOod IS TraSH
RoBinH00d needs a lesson LaWSuIt!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Buy AMC while it’s low AMC to the moon   📈📈📈
AMC!!!!! Hold on Never Give Up Never Surrender!!!

PUSH DOGEEEE.
FTX has all the stocks that Robinhood has closed
if you guys can't access the stocks from Robinhood, this site allows you to trade it. GME NOK and AMC to the moon!!     Good luck my wallstreet warriors
We are breaking records. Smile for the documentary
We, the people, are making history together.   We. Like. This. Stock.
Lets own   and make this movement unstoppable!
Everyone, I am new to the movement but love what has been created here!   I co-own a software development company (  and am officially offering to donate my team's time and skills to build out a site and web hosted forum on    We can use a hosted forum software (  to power the site and get online fast as a "just in case" backup. If reddit goes down, having this online ahead of time will be essential. I was thinking that all moderators here could be invited to moderate the forum on this potential site if they are open to having a backup. I think a first version could be online in 1 week after securing the domain.  We created the gofundme and the rest I leave up to the community and the fates. If the   gets traction enough to make the purchase, we are happy to donate the buildout. If the   goes over budget, we will apply the extra budget towards building extra features, future hosting costs, and cloudflare (which would be nice to have in case the hedge funds rudely DOS the server).   Think of this, if even a quarter of the people in here funded $1 then WSB would have the budget to be self-hosted and unstoppable for decades. We  need the support of the community and admins here for this work!
HOLD AMC YOU APES DONT LET THEM WIN ITS GOING TO THE MOON TOO
Buy BB
If everyone here gets at least 25$ worth of doge coin it could go to 1$
NAKD
Thought I would branch into NAKD. Figured high ceiling. Seems like it may have been a big mistake. Should have just stayed with GME.  Plus side the Doge has taken off.
Nok is buyable
We can still buy NOK on Cashapp!! Send it t the moon until we can get GME and AMC again!
I WAS ABLE TO INVEST IN AMC USING NORDNET
$M Not Blacklisted
Still able to buy Macy's shares and calls on Robinhood.  I bought in on $M - let's see where this goes
PLTR???
THAT STILL A THING? Cant buy anymore GME rn cause RH.
ITT: List of All Stocks Robinhood is blocking to manipulate the market down to save their hedge fund buddies so we can buy elsewhere.
$GME   $AMC  $BB  $NOK  $BBBY  $SNDL  Please let me know more as you find them so I can document and I will update this thread
bought SNDL ... Check also BCRT !
Just Buy $SNDL. let's go to $5. Check also BCRT !
“This stock is not supported on Robinhood”
GME , NOK , AMC now no longer supported on Robinhood app.
idk if it actually works but try going to the GME page directly
Instead of using the robinhood app, use chrome or something else and go to
From of all people, Dave Portnoy. For once I agree with him. Fuck Robinhood.
WSB should take donations for a lawsuit against corrupt brokers
WSB should take donations for a lawsuit against these corrupt and market manipulating stock brokerages what they're doing is 110% market manipulation and we can't accept this. i suggest either a lawsuit or a revolution.
CashApp update - MAYBE some progress?
They canceled out the overnight AMC purchase, but let me make another purchase of AMC, which unfortunately will go through at 3:20 pm today. Hopefully sooner, and at a nice price.
DOGE
robinhood appears to be fucking with doge now
Webull suspended GME
Title says it all, what else is out here, lads?
Just cleared out my portfolio and YOLO'd all in on AMC!
Party will be at my new Moon Ranch! I'll bring the space lemonade!
NOK NOK NOK NOK NOK NOK AND HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD WE GOING TO THE MOON!
to the moon
Is this the same subreddit whose manifesto a year ago was shorting the S&P 500?
Look, I've been around here for a while. I do not participate but rather love to sit in the bleachers. And if my memory does not fail, this subreddit was hell bent, practically praying, for the American economy to fail about a year ago. Shorting SPY was pretty much the only thing that anyone talked about here.   I'm not here to point out hypocrisy because I don't care what y'all do with your money. But the narrative needs to change. All this "fuck the hedge funds" and "we're the American people / power to retail buyers" is bullshit.   The power and essence of WSB has and always will be the DEATH OF THE STATUS QUO. Don't hide behind some moral wall of superiority like you're the good guy. We're not here to be the good guys, never were. We're here to tear down the institutions and systems that are seemingly too big to touch. We briefly profited off of the failing of the American economy and today we profit off of the arrogance of elites that do the same as us. Fuck Melvin, fuck Citron, but find a new slant.
DOGE
DOGE 😳
Whatsup with TSLA? Being affected by the madness?
TSLA is dropping pretty hard, does it have to do with the whole... Happening?
(fiction)Gamestop will be able to sell and have enouth money to buy Valve and become the Worldwide leader.
It's all Part of the keikaku     - Imagine this: >!yes this is a a meme fiction!<  Then they will be able to be the 1st retailer to give you the ability to have physical copy (capable to be shared and resold) and digital one at the same time (synch) through their launcher.  And : no.  No need for constant activation because each Game CD/blueray are unique and just need to be insered once to be automatically paired with the launcher and the current account  You want to share or sell your game? Sure, but as soon as the game is inserted into their PC (or yours) and paired with another Steam-Gamestop Launcher account: your game gets deactivated on your own account-launcher until you insert the physical copy back into your computer.  Meanwhile your friend can used it just as well, same for the 2nd hand user: no restriction because you can only have one physical-digital pair at a time:    Sharing PC game is now possible, selling back is possible and all this while keeping all the benefit from digital copy if you did not gave the your game to someone else in the meantime.  No boring CD key etc , all of this possible because the bridge between physical and digital copy are now a thing.   (if you don't care about sharing/reselling capabilities, you can always use regular, digital only launcher like GoG&such) A new revolution for the consumer is now born. and the end of game as a service where you own absolutly nothing..     -  I LIKE THE STOCK
UK brothers and sisters Freetrade are still allowing GME BB AMC trading and instant account topups on iOS          to the moon
Buy AMC AMC AMC AMC AMC AMC its 50% down tomorrow 100 up
LEGAL AID FOR DIAMOND HANDS
IS THERE AN ATTORNEY ON BOARD? WHAT ARE THE LEGALITIES OF TRADING PLATFORMS FOR HIDING SOME STOCK OR FOR BUYING MORE? DON'T WE HAVE A FREE MARKET?
DONT FORGET "REVOLUT" IN YOUR ROBINHOOD CLASS ACTION
F'kers are pulling the same trick as Robinhood.
Not a lawyer but can’t someone file for emergency lawsuit to open trading against this corrupt 1% and big tech?
Robinhood more like robinUS
No gme or amc shares bb either!!! Fuck off Robin Hood  Sold everything this morning hoping to increase position on gme !!  Now it only makes sense to go all in on the 2nd most shorted company right now spce !!!  Holding on to gme like the rest of you fucktards Spce is next!!! Over 80% being shorted
To all my Canadian friends using Wealthsimple, now is the time
Buy BB, we are going to the moon, time to show these fuckers what we're made of
SNDL is the next move!!
SNDL to the moon
TRADE REPUBLIC WORKS WITH $BB AGAIN. LETS SEND IT TO THE MOON
The move they will never see coming!
HMNY to the 🌕🌕🌕          (100% satire)
Cashapp allows you to buy NOK !!! Let’s take it to the moon
Niu technologies next
If Robinhood said no GME, how about NIU ?
Robinhood and now Stake - White Screen - UNABLE TO BUY - ILLUMINATI @ Work!! STAY STRONG. They hate us cos they ain’t us.
NOK is 5 bucks buy now retards
Project Veritas looking for Robinhood insiders to blow the whistle on their possible collusion with Melvin Capital/other firms shorting GME
$OGEN is the next up and coming stock
This is OPERATION FEAR! They stopped the buy on GME, AMC, NOK, BB to scare us and force us to sell. HOLD HOLD HOLD!!!
Are there any platforms still trading $AMC?
I NEED TO BUY THE DIP.     disclaimer: I am not a financial adviser and this is not financial advice
What cannabis stocks do you guys recommend
Hey guys, i’m wondering what cannabis stocks you are all investing in (including penny stocks) i’m just starting investing and i want some more info on what you think will do well
WHERE O’ WHERE IS DA LOVE
Why are our numbers in the RED? Don’t be afraid, invest, invest, and invest in YOURSELF!!! Get on the   with our buddies NOK, AMC, EXPR, and NAKD. Great peeps! See you at the MOON!
Class action against Robinhood
Anyone know of any attorneys starting a class action  against Robinhood. I would like to jump in or we should all find one to start it up.   They just blocked American airlines also. If this is not market manipulation I don't know what is.   Can't buy or sell crypto atm either.
BUY AMC!!! Helppppp
Where do you guys buy, cant buy anymore at trading212...?
Stock market
If all retail investors take all of their money out of the stock market.. the economy would crash in less than 24 hours... don’t forget the power of the retail   is as much or even more retail money in the market than there is of the MM’s and hedge funds.. don’t understand estimate the power we have people
What’s the Crack with $BB ?
It’s in free fall, has the line broken?
💰 AMC
gme chicken
DOGE
NOKIA STOCK IS THE NEXT BIG ONE
CMON BITCHES WE GOT THIS
Study this chart, boys

Who narced????
SNDL is the best with future potential im putting everything in SNDL
Pls don’t delete
Just bought   shades at 402, I hope we can hold hands and watch this sky rocket
NOK taken off Robinhood as well?
While I dont have thousands to spend like you retards, I just sold some shares to buy about 100 shares of NOK. But I cant its no longer supported. Im jusy trying to pay off my car....
Open source Trading platform
We need to use our profits to fund a Open Source trading platform that is not owned by anyone and thus no one will be blocked, try contacting people who know about making software, we will create new Trading platforms of our own. This is just the beginning.
LETS GET $NAKD TO 30$ TODAY
THE WALL STREET IS SCARED THEY ARE HOLDING THEIR POSITION AND WE WILL MAKE THEM BLEED     BUY $NAKD AS LONG AS ITS UNDER 10$ A SHARE OR YOU WILL REGRET IT
How Should I Invest Now?
With robinhood and cashapp going bellyup, are there any brokers bar webull I can invest on now??      HOLD THE LINE!
If robinhood goes down to 2 starts on the App Store it will automatically be taken down. Let’s make it happen.
What ever happened to the kids that kept changing the rules when ever they lost?
They grew up and went to work at Wallstreet.
Just a reminder that Robinhood still has a   rating on the App Store...
DOGECOIN
Unable to buy Dogecoin. Appearantlt they are trying to manipulate that now. Any site i can buy on other than Robinhood where your money won't be tied up for days????
Power to the Player
POWER TO THE PLAYER    GameStop’s slogan is so fitting for this movement. What started as a meme is now a revolution. Millions of people who watched their families lose their homes, their 401k’s, their entire livelihood in 2008 can now push back against the establishment in a real and very impactful way. WE WILL TAKE BACK WHAT’S OURS.     POWER TO THE MOTHERFUCKING PLAYER    Our lives are shit because of the institutions. You think I can’t got back to living paycheck to paycheck playing video games and smoking weed? This is more money than I’ve ever seen in my life and I’m willing to lose every cent of it if it means seeing these fuckers bleed.     POWER TO THE PLAYER    Dear Melvin, Citadel, Shitron et al, fuck yourselves. You will not win. You can pull out all the stops and play your dirty tricks but WE’RE NOT FUCKING LEAVING. We will hold our shares until you are forced to pay $10k to pry it out of my cold, dead hands. You are poking a bear with nothing to lose and everything to gain.     POWER TO THE PLAYER
Warren is with us to the moon!
FOCUS ON ONE RIGHT NOW, which is moving the quickest? Gme
CANT AFFORD GME? BUY BUY BUY AMC. BUY IT UP CUTIES
Feels like it
If Robinhood is banning GME and AMC - why are we all not rallying around BB?
AMC
Does anyone know why AMC is going down
Don't Forget about EXPR
Don't let the big boys run this to the ground by shorting it harder.  Seems our good ole phone Nokia is forgotten about too.
GME
How can these geniuses restrict trading to liquidation only when it’s a zero sum game?
n00b asking for help
I can’t even get an account set up on Robinhood, and now that they’ve de-listed GameStop and AMC, and I don’t even want to.   What are the apps y’all are using? Which do you recommend, which should I avoid?
Regulators want a 30 day “cooling off” period for GameStop. Here they come!!! Stay strong you guys are motivating af
If I can't buy more GME, then I'm buying Dogecoin!! Let the memes win!!! For the people!!! DO NOT SELL!!!
So many of us have worked our asses off. We've overcome a shit ton of obstacles to survive on shitty pay & jobs we hate. Even jobs we love aren't enough some times. Let's freaking do this. For me, for you, for you're redditors, for those investing that aren't on   importantly for those fuckers on wallstreet so they know who WE are! We are fighters dammit! And it's our time for our hard work to pay off! Invest!! DO NOT SELL!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Just bought 25 shares of amc who’s with me!!
Screw A Bear Workshop
Is $BBW the next squeeze?      71% gain yesterday   Another 13% today, currently flat for the day.   Could this be the next best thing ?   The name itself would create some great memes
These assholes
Alot of us only had RH and don’t have the ability to make another account w another broker or transfer funds to another broker in a timely manner to catch the dip. These fucking fuckers managed to do what they wanted and that’s to make it impossible for more ppl to invest. I hope they’re fucking happy, my ghost will haunt them in their sleep for generations to come.
Migrate off Robinhood ?
Do we sell our stocks and repurchase them in another trading app? Or is there an app where we can transfer our whole portfolio?   Also looking for another trading app
Abandon the brokers who are restricting your trades
Simple as that. Cash out (not now), move your funds, do not forgive this or let this slide.  Death to Robinhood, all my homies hate Robinhood  Taking suggestions on a new broker that isn't cucked.  Webull?
We have over doubled in size and have   on right now. Fuck the hedge funds we got a army. GME           🤲🏻
What a load of bs
So I guess the US government can print money to bail out Wall Street in oct. 2009 to the tune of $800 billion roughly,  but the small guys can’t buy stock in 2021 because the big guys on wall st are mad.  I wish I had money to buy GME but I don't. But I love to see what you guys are doing, please keep it up!
ETORO LETS YOU BUY GOGOGO
Interactive brokers won't allow me to buy more GME
It's not just the trading apps guys, every broker I have denies me to buy GME, the brokers are literally manipulating the shit out of us. Stay strong 💪🏻
HOLD you beautiful bastards HOLD!!
Where to buy Koss
How do I buy Koss now the RH is silencing us!???
Robinhood is locking us out but I just pulled money from my retirement account on Schwab and bought amc the new lower price thanks for the discount amc 100 shares@
Align Technology (ALGN) to Post Q4 Earnings soon - stock moving
# Stock has been weak until very recently and now on an upwards trajectory. Earnings next week, does someone know something ??
Im from Europe and I will HODL NOK for you guys.
But Robinhood, hury the fuck up, and fix your fucking app.
GET AMC BACK UP!!
GET AMC BACK UP PEOPLE!!  GO GO GO!!
NOKIA and BB TO THE MOOOON
Buy in don’t let them scare you
How can I help???
I do not have the money to even buy one GME stock. Ive seen what you guys have been doing and I think it is absolutely incredible. How can I help? Will there be stocks in the future like GME that we will use to bring power back to the people? If so, should I invest?  I have been interesting in investing but I have never had the money to do so myself. I have a small bit saved and if there is another penny stock I would love to help out.  Edit: I am also very much underage, but I heard I can open a portfolio if my parents are administrators of it or something.
Buy Bb,
TD Ameritrade no deposit
It won’t let me deposit to my Ameritrade account and says funds will be available on 2/
DON'T LET THEM BEAT. US OUT OF BUYING BB AND AMC, TAKE EM TO THE MOON
Don't let them get away with tanking all the gains made to BB and AMC! Keep buying and hold! We can squeeze the douche out of these wallstreet fucks
Please don't sell hold
Should I buy AMC now? I’m unsure.
If not then what should I be targeting?
To The Moon For $NOK
They took the ability to buy $NOK, $GME, $AMC and the hedge funds are selling we have to buy the dips and find new apps that won't stop the free market!
Nice
Thank you Ameritrade & Robinhood for showing your true colors
What platform should i use to get into doge?
Any platforms in the   that will let me trade GME??
AMC Still a hold?
I figure its a dumbass question, but I'll hold till the moon
Webull is done. Next.
I’m holding even if my contracts expire. This movement has given me the potential to pay off my students loans and I want to give back to this community by holding it even if I lose everything. Godspeed to everyone here AND AMC TO DA MOON
Buy... hold... repeat... they can’t block these stocks from us forever
NAKD!!!!! NAKD!!!NAKD!!!
I am holding my shares, they can't go down any more
Lolz even the big boys are getting crushed with traffic and can’t handle it
DO NOT BUY DOGE. SELL YOUR DOGE NOW
WARNING: DO NOT BUY DOGE -  1. ROBINHOOD is where normies buy doge.   2. Robinhood suspends gme trading  3. Hedge funds pump the unregulated doge with ease because low market cap, use bots in daily thread to hype it  4. Doge goes 2x while gme is considered "risky"  5. Gme buyers sell, fomo into doge after it has already gone 2x  6. Hedge investors dump their doge bags on you once they drive the gme price down  7. Hedge funds just won big if you let this happen   THE ULTIMATE VICTORY: SELL YOUR DOGE NOE THAT IT HAS GONE 2X AND LEAVE THE HEDGE FUNDS HOLDING WORTHLESS DOGE BAGS WHILE GME LIQUIDATES THEIR SHORTS  DO NOT FOMO INTO DOGE  SELL YOUR DOGE NOW, USE PROFITS TO BUY MORE GME
Robinhood just shot itself in the foot.
This shows fear  Fear means we are winning if they are pulling this illegal shit
show some love to nakd please
show some love to nakd please tq
WE ARE AT WAR
WE ARE AT WAR. THEY ARE TRYING TO BEAT US AND WE CANT LET THAT HAPPEN.  I DONT WANT TO SEE ANYMORE BS CONCERNING OTHER STOCKS OR DOGECOIN. YOU ARE A BUNCH OF NO GOOD BOTS TRYING TO DISTRACT US  EITHER JOIN THE CAUSE OR GET OUT. THIS IS BIGGER THAN ANY OF US
GME to rich for your blood?
\#BB and #NOK
What RH, TD Ameritrade and Interactive Brokers just did should cause all of them to lose their licenses. Here's why: WE LIKE THIS STOCK
Ok, so a brief explanation as to why GME and the like saw their trading restricted on these platforms this morning and overnight.  On wallstreet the surest money making scheme has been the ability to use algorithms to buy and sell stock between the open market (NYSE, NASDAQ etc.) and the internal market at RH, TD and IAB.  Here's the rub, because of the size of these firms, they can actually fill a lot of their order flow internally between their own customers before the flow hits the active market.  The benefit of this is that they can scalp (profit off of) the difference between the bid and the ask internal to their own customer accounts.  Scenario:  I own GME at 1 dollar, I'm ready to sell.  I enter my market order in GME when the stock is at 2.  TD sees this order in their system.  They also see an open market order for   to buy at the exact same time from another TD customer.  Here's what they do, they buy your shares (giving you the 2 just as you asked), and sell that same share to the dude with the   bid and net .01 per share profit.  Now because this exchange took place internal to TD, all they report is the   no one but the TD algo and you know that you only got 2 for the trade.  How is this related then?  Alright, TD and the like have figured out that this trade is VERY profitable and risk free.  Thus they've sold their customer deal flow to the highest bidders on wallstreet.  Go pull up their financials and you'll see, TD makes more money off of this than anything else they do.  So, these funds have them by the proverbial balls.  As these funds started losing money on these stocks, I am 99% certain the vice tightened and these folks told them to CUT OFF THE ORDER FLOW and stop orders in these names.  It is VITALLY important that people understand this and understand that what is happening in these names is absolutely price manipulation.  Pure and simple.  TD, RH etc would NOT EXIST if they couldn't sell order flow.  It's how they offer free commissions.  Free commissions bring in more customers, thus more deal flow, thus more money for their deal flow because they can provide the shops that enter thousands of positions a second the liquidity they need to scalp between these order books.  So folks, we're getting taken for a ride.... DO NOT FALL FOR IT.  And after this is done, RH, TD, IAB and anyone who did this deserves to lose their entire customer base.     I do own a few shares of GME, this is not investment advice.  Also, I don't know if the flair is appropriate.
Please tell your friends, wife and her boyfriend that the media is trying to smear retail investors and demonize them.
Do not let the media effect your personal life. Do not let your friend come across a post on financial times that demonizes YOU! as “alt right” or “a racist” because you trade stocks. That is exactly what they are trying to cause. The media is clearly trying to demoralize the general public. I don’t give a fuck about politics and I am PISSED. That these fuckwads are labeling retail investors like me alt right.   Let your friends know what the media is doing.
BB to the moon or not?
Good morning retards, I just woke up down $200 wtf going on with BB rn?
Robinhood has convinced me: I have removed my limit. I will hold till the end.
I have a confession to make. I am one of those Newbies with Paperhand. As such I did set a limit at 420$. I reasoned that 420$ will be more than enough, for me my Wife and her boyfriend.  But not anymore. When I learned that Robinhood changed the rules so that our friends at Melvin Capital can cover their positions cheaply, I know that holding is the way. They are scared of us and that means we are winning. Only minutes before the stock reached the 420 mark I have removed it and I am going YOLO since then.  At this point I do not care about gains or losses. If Jesus himself would come down, telling me that my position is worthless next Week I will still hold. The only think I care is that in the future I can look my wifes boyfriend in the eyes and proudly say: "I did it. I was part of it. I stood strong when they changed the rules. I never kneeled. I tried everything in my power to force the short squeeze."  And if this means that I will be loosing big on the way I will be double proud. Robinhood has changed the game for me. I don't care about the money anymore. I only care about getting it done, forcing the short squeeze.
FUCK ROBINHOOD.
GO RATE THEM 1 star on the AppStore and leave awful reviews so they know who they’re messing with.
WHERE CAN I STILL BUY GME???
Title
HOLD BABY!!!! THE SUITS DON’T WANT US TO WIN!!!!WE ARE GOING TO THE MOON!!!!!
Proud Moment
This has got to be one of the greatest plays I've ever seen. These giants have been colluding, pumping and dumping, totally FLEECING the little guys. We do it ONCE and all of a sudden it's market manipulation.      I'm still waiting for one you fuckers to go to jail for the financial crisis in 2008. Keep buying and holding. HOLD THE LINE! Biden and his Team better stay the hell out of this.
Thank you, you wonderful autists
Hi you merry band of retards ❤️  Long time reader, never been super active. I just wanted to say that you are all amazing. If you told me 2 weeks ago that a group of sub 80iq apes were going to reshape the stock market, I'd have probably pulled the crayon you were eating out of your mouth and laughed at you. But seeing so many average people have their life changed for the better just makes me happy.  Keep those    . Ape Strong Together.
After cashing out my motherfucking millions #GME into Dodgecoin
Dodge coin soared up to 50%
Buying stocks from third-world country
I want to help because I also like the stock, but I live in Costa Rica and TD Ameritrade wants me to send them some documents by fax or snail-mail to open my account.  Can't create accounts on Webull or Robinhood either.  Are there any other apps I can try?  Anyway, HOLD!!!! The whole world is watching and we're rooting for you guys!!!!
Switching off Robinhood
Can anyone confirm they safely switched and had access to their funds in the new account in a short amount of time?  If so where at?   Thanks!
BB to the moon
ROBINHOOD CANCELED MY AMERICAN AIRLINE OPTION!
TO THE FUCKING MOON     🌕🌕
Robinhood and now Stake - White Screen - UNABLE TO BUY - ILLUMINATI @ Work!! STAY STRONG. They hate us cos they ain’t us.
Anybody use Webull
RH isn't letting you get GME, BB, AMC, or NOK.     Looking for an alternative
CAN STILL BUY $GME AND $AMC ON FIDELITY
Hey guys I can still buy all the shit Robinhood blocked on the fidelity app just a heads up!
Is Robinhood breaking law?
I was in middle of making a purchase and they stopped it, then stopped trade on stock. Then told me I cannot purchase, I can only sell, as the ticker is frozen. This to me is coercion, there causing the same panic the stock manipulators cause, at same time having control over your account and actions. This has to be illegal.
$NAKD $GME $BB TO THE MOOOON!!!!!!
NAKD under $3 GO GET IT BEFORE IT GOES. Buy and hoooooold!!
NAKD don't give up
trading being stopped   don't sell NAKD , make it $10 today.  I just bought 200.
HOLD TO THE MOON
SPAM THIS BALOON 🎈 TO GO TO THE MOON
How is this legal?
New
CAPR 💊  .....
Don’t fall back boys!   🏻
they’re trying to scare us, keep on HOLDING
REALLY doesn't live up to its name...
FUCL ROBINHOOD
I MISSED OUT ON THE $300 STOCKS AT OPENING BECAUSE OF THEM. THEY DIDNT EVEN WARN US  FUCKING HOLD
RBC DIRECT INVESTING BACK UP. GOT AMC AT   lets gooooo
When are we selling?
When is the plan to start sellin?
The power of the people
For too long we retail normies have been bag holders while hedgies bath in their “gains” or bailout munnies. Not anymore! 2021 is the year we all gave the collective REEEEE of rage and dominate them with the power of YOLOs.  Keep HOLDing, the 🛡 wall   🏻 🏼 🏽 🏾 🏿hold together and unite hand👭👬        Turn our collective invisible hands into   butt 🤜 to the shorts
$BigBoobs   🏻
Hold the liiiiine... Hold the liiiine.. let these corpo suckers get fucked.
Hold BB!!
Keep your positions brothers!
SNDL anyone
Fuck the criminals, Doge to fucking andromeda!
RIG, SWN, UA, IBIO
These stocks need some love.
QUIT ROBINHOOD
QUIT ROBINHOOD that's what needs to happen
Pretty sure I could pick any one of you lot to write about! Think I may pick u/deepfuckingvalue though, but to make it fiction I will call them Elon
If I only trade on RobinHood, where to go???
Since I only trade on Robinhood where should I go to actually exercise my rights to purchase?
Australian Mining Stock Surges After Being Mistaken For GameStop
DODGECOIN 👀
SNDL blocked on RH
They are only allowing people to close now :/
stocks
Nokia to the moon!!!!!!!
Robinhood IPO? Good Luck
With the stunts that Robinhood has pulled today they better just stay private lol
Let’s go BB & AMC is starting to go on the up again don’t miss the dip & don’t be like the others panic selling come to the moon
AMC IS THE FIRST STOCK IVE EVER BOUGHT! BUY!
Does Schwab banned GME too?
Dogecoin for the win
Since wall street lines to pull stocks for their own gain how about we send crypto to the moon. We need Elon AKA the "CEO of dogecoin" to jump on this train
Is Ted Cruz Based? (obligatory: HOLD THE LINE    )
To the RH investors
Did Robinhood actually force sell the stocks you guys held in $GME and others they delisted??
Come on NOK you F’n POS!
What about amc!!!
Aye wtf yall doin!!!! Hold AMC! It was getting up there. Whats happening!?
Doge is flying!!!!
Canadian here. It's not just Robin hood....
I'm with Scotia, can even log in, TD the same, RBC as well. What is going to be the response to this? If this isn't proof of high level co-ordination by WS then what is?
What’s the next play for Robinhooders?
Where we going Robinhood? We can get this action too we down but not out!
Someone please get Elon to tweet this
GME BEING MANIPULATED BY TRADE FREEZES AND ROBINHOOD
eTrade blocked me buying this and another rocket .... the c   s
I'm crying inside
HOLD THE LINE BOYSS GME BB FUCKING HOLD PUSSY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
NOKIA HAS FALLEN 20%. GUYS, WE ARE THE PEOPLE WHO DETEMINES PRICETAG OF THE STOCK MARKET. BUY NOKIA NOW!
NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA NOKIA
Should I hold BB? Shit looks gnarly rn.
NEVER SELL
Just bought more GME on a different platform (fidelity) we stand united!  TO THE MOON!
Global star!
sofi still allowing stock purchase of GME, AMC, NAKD. PLUS FREE 50 DOLLARS IN STOCK USING THIS LINK
Hey! I'm using SoFi Invest 📊 to buy and sell stocks (and pieces of stocks) with zero fees. Open an Active Investing account with $1,000 or more, and you'll get $50 in stock. I'll get $50 in stock, too! Use my link:    Guys, i know robin hood is blocking the buying of our stocks. sofi financial is still allowing it as will as giving 50 dollars in stock for funding your account. click the link to get in with me and lets push GME, AMC, NAKD TO THE MOON
Apple trying to conflate WSB and terrorism...
Why does GME keep stalling trading?
I AM HERE FROM THE INTERNETS TO AIDE IN YOUR QUESTS. TELL ME WHAT TO DO, OH WISE RETARDS
GME TO THE MOON
NORWAY ARE HOLDING $AMC! DO NOT SELL, KEEP BUYING
Want your deposit to clear same day? Wire it to your broker and it will be available to trade within an hour or so!
Some people do not know this and think settlement is 3 days. If you wire your deposit it clears same day and is available for trading same day. Usually my deposits hit in about an hour.   Sorry if this is breaking the rules, I read them and I think this post contributes value since a lot of people are broker hopping and need immediate access to funds.
New member here. All I wanna say is that you're doing the world a favor.
why Robinhood?
Why would day traders trade on RH rather than another platform?
BB /////////////////////////////////////////////
BB will fly with wings :)))  Hahhahahahaha
AMC is really Cheap right now! GO GET IT GUYS :)
starting up with all of this
is robinhood the best platform ? and is it legal to use a vpn to create an account (currently living in japan)   what are some good alternatives
JOIN THIS DISCORD, GREAT CONVERSATIONS

Is it even worth it?
Most new accounts take a few days for approval and money transfers. I had RH but they cancelled the order I placed yesterday.
RH bans AAL
Heads up - RH banned any buying of AAL     WTF!
Stick it to COVID-19 while we’re at it! #AYTU
Me with GME on robinhood right now
FB to the moon
Their banning all the smaller companies let’s shove it to them and all buy Facebook
Cashing out everything from Robinhood when this is over. What platform are you using next?
Webull maybe? Should we move out? WTF ROBINHOOD.
Anyone got a view on PLUG?
How long will this last for? Remember hold the fuck out of gme amc bb nok...
Yes, what Robinhood did was probably illegal. No, they do not care.
Q1. What about a class action lawsuit?   A1. The amount that something like that would cost them is significantly less than the amount they're capable of losing on GME. This was most likely a calculated decision.  Q2. What about the SEC?   A2. They're rich. They own the SEC. Get with the times.  Q3. What about their reputation/Google Play reviews?   A3. Google will revert "brigaded" reviews as they usually do, and they're likely betting on their reputation healing with time.
Is VMW anything like GME? Its shorted 117% Am I missing something?
Doge confusion need an autist
Tried to buy doge before the market order and it it says the trade was conformed but the shares aren't in my portfolio. Bought at .0014 but the filled quantity says zero.   Did I fuck up by not filling a quantity? I'm not too worried about losing anything because fuck it.   Should I just wait and see if the coins hit later?
ASNAQ? BUY BUY BUY? Let's Go!
Bought $bb and $gme and I will not sell. It's a political statement. I'm happy to pay.
Are you autist already flowing into SLV market?
Price action in SLV market already suggest some buying pressure after this morning post. Are you already buying en masse this fu  ing metal or is just some isolated tards who are completely illiterate and didn't get the "wait for GME squeeze to end and then we will flow into SLV"? Or is just JP Morgancocaine fucking with us? Please enlighten me, brothers autist🙄🙄.    ?
“Doesn’t support this stock” what a joke Robinhood.
Attack? We are defending democracy
Holding my AMC
If you all have AMC, please hold so that those of us who are here for the cause can continue to hold too. Down 38%, still holding. You can purchase on cashapp
sofi still allowing stock purchase of GME, AMC, NAKD. PLUS FREE 50 DOLLARS IN STOCK USING THIS LINK
Hey! I'm using SoFi Invest 📊 to buy and sell stocks (and pieces of stocks) with zero fees. Open an Active Investing account with $1,000 or more, and you'll get $50 in stock. I'll get $50 in stock, too! Use my link:    Guys, i know robin hood is blocking the buying of our stocks. sofi financial is still allowing it as will as giving 50 dollars in stock for funding your account. click the link to get in with me and lets push GME, AMC, NAKD TO THE MOON
Use Freetrade! Do not let Robinhood, stop the revolution
Join me and invest commission-free with Freetrade. Get started with a free share worth £3-£200.
JNJ
How do people feel about JNJ?  They are supposed to report Phase 3 Covid vaccine results next week.  Their vaccine is a one shot vaccination and could   up very quickly if the FDA approves it.
NOK
The Hedge strikes back at AMC
Guys, the hedgers are trying to put us in our place on AMC. We must buy the hell out of AMC to really make them feel the pain    This is now the most shorted stock.  Don’t let them win. AMC buy and hold.  I bought more shares this morning at 13.
SILVER IS THE MOST MANIPULATED MARKET HOWEVER CANT BE SHUT DOWN!!
BUY #SLV! BUY #AG! IT CAN NOT BE STOPPED!
NOK       BUYING MORE
This is a great time to buy the dip before the squeeze!!!!
Who buys the shares if you're only allowed to sell??
Does this mean only short sellers can buy back shares if a broker restricts trading to closing only?  What would happen if everybody decides to close their long positions at $42,  unless we're allowed to buy again? A stalemate like this might be fun...
NADK ALL THE WAY !!!
DONT FUCKING SELL. HOLD THE LINE
Still Wanting to get in
I haven't invested yet and see GME has been taken down, are there other stocks we are buying that I can still get in on to help?
Investing Apps Are Down?
Are these apps really updating their software because of bugs or limiting transactions? Because how convenient is it that once there’s a high volume of buying and selling that they just decide to make updates/improvements??? I can’t see any of my shares of NOK, BB, or AMC. I bought a fractional share of GME last night and that still hasn’t gone through. I wanted to buy NAKD and NIKOLA but now those aren’t coming up for me either like wtf???
Submit a request from RH for a no-fee transfer to a different brokerage.
There's no reason we should have to pay when they won't allow us to purchase more stock that we already invested in on their app.
Dispute with your bank
I am still holding and currently down $8,000. If this bullshit persists, I will be dispute all transfers from my bank to Robin Hood. Under the bias of fraud. Your bank protects you, like Robin Hood protects the rich.   ONLY DO THIS when you have lost everything.
Help Needed , I'm worried sick! REvolut still has a hold on my 2500 dollars order and I can't cancel it.
AS title said, that application sucks! I can't control what's going on. I placed an order one fucking hour ago!!!  I've got 2500 dollars blocked god knows where and I have no idea what's happening. Is it the same for anybody else out there on REvolut?      Not only am I missing out on the party but I feel like I'm going to get screwed of my money for no reason.
Are y’all boofing Micron too now? 👀
Founder of WSB Speaking on all this
Let our voices be heard!!!
BUY GME ON FIDELITY!!!!
No fractional shares but instant deposit & $0 commission.
Whos there?
NOKNOK  Get this baby back up! Lets go!
TRADING 212 PREVENTING BUYING, WE NEED THEM TO FACE REPERCUSSIONS    STRONG TOGETHER
Here is some text to send as a email, also we should warn other possible traders to not use them:   “I just received a notification that you have temporarily restricted to buy GME shares. I believe this to be blatantly fraudulent a disgrace and illegal market manipulation. Everyone that signs up to use your services agrees to the risk they are taking and it is within our right to take that risk whenever we so choose.  I understand that you as the broker have the right to decide what FD’s/stocks you offer but this is not in the investors best interest. If you decide to no longer offer GME related investments that is within your right but then you should discontinue those entirely and not just temporarily.  I would like to hear the exact reasoning behind this decision and it should be more than “trying to protect our investors”.  I sincerely hope you reconsider this decision and I believe it’s in the best interest of a free market to do so. “   We’ll beat these fuckers for thinking they can bully us.  Disclaimer: all investment choices are your own. “Fuckers” refers to trading 212
GME fractional share on Sofi
Does anyone know how to buy a fractional share of GME on Sofi? I can't afford a whole one
Robinhood manipulation
We can’t buy GME CTRM BB NOK ETC!!! I’m going to put 10,000 in get or any other penny stock hoping to continue to kick these bastards asses somehow..
ELI5: If you short a company 100%...
And the price goes against you +400% are you basically responsible to cover the entire marketcap???  (Sorry I’m dumb plz no bully/ban)
BUY GME AND AMC
AMC is atleast at an affordable price on Fidelity.
If not Robinhood then where?
As the title suggests. I've been watching this and decided last night to go all in. Yet this morning Robinhood cancelled my order. What do I do and where do I go now?
RH blocking any ticket we name.
Start naming tickers of larger companies and see if RH delists them and if they do we can bring heat to RH to stop the bullshit. 🤔🤔🤔and take our stocks to the moon
GME trading blocked on TD Waterhouse, but somehow I was still able to double-down
👨🏻‍  Not sure what that's about, but hey.  Can other people trade on Waterhouse, even though it says "Trading is halted"?
I don’t know how long Robinhood can be a pussy
But when they open it up they are SO fucked let’s fucking go boys we are going to the fucking moon
The Hedge strikes back at AMC
Guys, the hedgers are trying to put us in our place on AMC. We must buy the hell out of AMC to really make them feel the pain    This is now the most shorted stock.  Don’t let them win. AMC buy and hold.  I bought more shares this morning at 13.
Cash app still has open trades for all!
Bought two in AMC
Robinhood robbin’ us! Boycott! Boycott! (Also, some people have a class action in the works).
Everyone knows by now what’s going on.   This is blatant theft! They are ensuring the prices of these shares are artificially depressed. While I don’t think the class action will get anywhere (they’ll simply close shop and make a new platform using their original code and stuff, also hard to prove damages considering they are CRASHING THESE STOCK PRICES!)    Boycott Robinhood!!! Make them close up shop! And whenever a new platform is created, we need to make sure no one who was responsible here (Citadel cough cough) is involved before we use it.
A True open Stock Trader
Hear me out, I would like to know for EVERYONE a true open stock trader that doesn't hide certain stocks like GME BB AMC NOK so on.     Mods stop deleting. I'm not breaking any rules here.
Stake has SHUT DOWN COMPLETELY.
No trades of any kinds. You can not sell. You can not buy. You can't see your portfolio. You can't withdraw your funds.
What is happening to AMC, BB and NOK? :(
Damn
SNDL SNDL SNDL
Too the moon babys
I am willing to lose it ALL
Hold string my fellow retards, the suits are shaking in their pinstripes and loafers
What happened to NOK?
It absolutely died last night
I’m in on GME (30 shares) but what’s the catalyst for these others (NAKD, BB, etc)?
I understand that for GME we have over 100% short (🤦‍♂️) which will trigger a squeeze. Why the focus though on NAKD, BB, etc? Those seem to be much shorted in the 25% range so wondering what’s the catalyst for those to pop? I just picked up 1000 shares of NAKD at $2, probably should have asked this before I did but that’s not the WSB way.  ‍♂️  Good luck and tendies to all! And thanks to the mods for keeping this place functioning.
MY OPINION
Guys, since I was a kid I wanted to be an economist and the big guy in finance. I went to economic high school, I'm currently at the university of Economics and Business with CFA charter on the way. I've been on wsb since there were around 50 000 of us and I have never seen something like this happening. I just discovered that I don't want to be the big guy in finance, I don't want to be like the guys from MC and other funds that are ruining people's lives every fucking day so I decided I'm leaving all that mindset behind me. What I'm not leaving are MY FUCKING POSITIONS AT HOLDING. BROTHERS AND SISTERS, THIS IS THE HISTORY WE ARE MAKING, FIGHTING FOR THE ORDINARY WORKING EVERYDAY PEOPLE. DON'T BE AFRAID AND HOLD THE POSITIONS TILL' WE STICK IT TO THEIR KIDNEYS. DON'T LET THEM GET INTO YOUR HEAD! HOLD AND STAY STRONG BROTHERS AND SISTERS!!!
In case you’re frustrated by Robinhood censoring our free trade rights.
Can I get in on this through Fidelity?
Have some money in Fidelity already. Not wildly sure how they differ but not opposed to downloading Robinhood although I know shit is hitting the fan with them. Looking for a place j can still buy with.
CAN CONFIRM: REVOLUT TRADING IS NOT AFFECTED.
Title. Succesfully programmed a buy at the opening, and bought at $300.  (But only $10 because I didn't have more in the brokerage account.)
Merrill Edge Blocking Opening Transactions
AMC SUSPENDED ON WEBULL
This could be one of the next to pop thinking Friday fireworks @XL FLEET would be a nice way to end the week it ain’t 140% short but 70% could do nicely
They can take these shares from my dead corpse. A major correction was overdue for some of these stocks, and are now going to their support level.
Robinhood sucks!
They cancelled my order for $SPCE this morning.  Looks like Robinhood is in the hands of hedge funds after all.
WE ARE ALL DIAMOND HANDS. THERE'S NOT ONE PAPER HAND IN THIS. UPVOTE IF YOU AGREE
WE ARE ALL DIAMOND HANDS. THERE'S NOT ONE PAPER HAND IN THIS. UPVOTE IF YOU AGREE
The Hedge strikes back at AMC
Guys, the hedgers are trying to put us in our place on AMC. We must buy the hell out of AMC to really make them feel the pain    This is now the most shorted stock.  Don’t let them win. AMC buy and hold.  I bought more shares this morning at 13.
AMC is falling, is this time to sell or still hold?
Looking for a new brokerage after all this is done any suggestions?
Really appalled by Robinhoods decision it’s such a shame to see it. I’m definitely gtfo ASAP and looking elsewhere. Been saving a lot of money in Robinhood for them to make the decision to make NOK, AMC, GME, and NAKD unavailable for purchase its scummy market manipulation and it should be a crime if it isn’t already. SMH Robinhood
STOP FUCKING SELLING
Listen up you regards hold the line on NOK AMC GME
So who's   to the moon next?
It can't stop here.
Canada reporting in. Fuck the SEC. I repeat, FUCK THE SEC
Robinhood and these other shit apps aren't the only players in town!!!! MEGA THREAD for apps that are working and easy:
List what's working for you below as of now.   Help our brothers and sisters out.   GME and BB gang
NAKD
Is Naked getting pushed down?
Correct me if I’m wrong my lore may be incorrect.
I thought Robinhood was a guy that stole from the rich and gave to the people, but it seems Robinhood is just trying to fuck the poor.
Stop yelling at everyone to keep buying. We fucking can't buy GME!!!
I've been trying to buy all week but can't. sick of all these posts telling everyone to keep buying when WE CAN'T FUCKING BUY.
$AMC FRONT LINE STRATEGY DISCUSSION
First and foremost I am not a financial advisor and this is not financial advice.  Second: if ur a fucking narc, change sides. We pay more.      THE NEWS:  I noticed on robinhood you can still successfully exercise $AMC calls to get shares even tho the stock is no longer being traded. This will have the same market effect as buying 100 shares to counter their fucking bullshit scare tactics.  COMRADES. UNITE NOW IS THE TIME.   THEY WANT WAR THEY WILL HAVE IT.
Just heard the news that my bros overseas cant buy more GME. I gotchu fam
GME is over
Let’s push NAKD to $100 and all make money together!
Nok Nok. Who's there??? Buy the dip
I’m curious on how much you’ve lost today! Maybe it will make me feel better!
FUCKING HOLD AMC
DONT LET THEM FUCKING SCARE YOU
When do the other shorts (not GME) have to be covered?
GME is to be covered tomorrow (Friday)  What is the situation with the other shorts? What are the deadlines on them? Are there any significant deadlines with them?
AMC needs help!
AMC call went to 1 cent?
My $9 call just went down to 1 cent.. RH says the stock is at   right now. What the FUCK
How I inevitably learned about what's happening today in 3rd grade
When I was 9 we had a day where we worked on solving crossword puzzles, the person who could find all the words first got to have mcdonalds for lunch. me and my pod of 3 other kids decided if we all worked together we could finish before the rest of the class and whichever one of us won would share the food with the others.   As we started finding words and getting excited other kids from the class noticed what we were doing and eventually the entire rest of the class teamed up against us to find the words. I remember crying at the teacher, how is this fair? And he said, was it fair for you 3 to team up against them as individuals? How is this any different than what you're doing to them? The only reason why you don't like it is because you're not winning.  Now, more than ever, I get it, good on him for teaching us that lesson 20 years ago.   Let's go!
TAKE TO THE STREETS
I say we all have one giant party in front of every GameStop in America.
Just bought GME and NOK!!!
I’m new! Just bought these!!!
MONKE GAMESTONK EXPLANATION FOR PEOPLE WHO DO NOT YET UNDERSTAND WHAT HAS BEEN HAPPENING
This is monke 🐵  Monke is virgin, and doesn't like banana. So he bets against banana, saying he thinks banana value low  This is gorila   Gorilla have many friends, as he is chad  Gorilla tell many friends to collect banana. This make banana value go up. Monke, having bet against banana now either has to buy banana at high price or risk losing more money if banana goes even higher, so he buys, making banana price go even higher   Now gorilla and friends have many very valuable banana, and monke lost money because he bet against banana and it went the opposite way  Now, if gorilla friends sell banana, banana price go back down. This is why they must keep holding it, because monke is just hoping and praying that gorilla sells it.  You must hold. For your own sake, and your own profits, hold banana, do not sell banana
nouveau-retard bought 2 GME @ 289. First experience trading. Whats the plan?
We need to fuck over more hedge funds we gotta rally behind another one someone put their DD out and let’s fucking go
Let’s do it they trynna fuck with us so freely let’s start fucking with them
BB is not like the others. ACTUAL VALUE
BB is not just a pump like some others. BB tech will be in every chinese ev! this is a BIG market.  Today will be the last day to grab this under 20. I expect 40 atleast by the end of the week.
Robin Hood Class Action - Sign up
Interested to slam RobinHood with a class action lawsuit?  Link above for signing up to be added to it!
The Hedge strikes back at AMC
Guys, the hedgers are trying to put us in our place on AMC. We must buy the hell out of AMC to really make them feel the pain    This is now the most shorted stock.  Don’t let them win. AMC buy and hold.  I bought more shares this morning at 13.
The result of r/Wallstreetbets. I'm so fucking proud of you people. 👏👏
Bought GME today!
2@384$, it's never to late! BUY AND HOLD!     #
GME HOLD. BUY BB
#They stopped us from buying GME. They stole our free will ##But they can't stop the whole market. We will find something else to save from death.   GME is already saved now, hold it till the end and reinvest the gain. now the time for BB starts, this will endure even after the GME squeeze and if you haven't joined GME you're still on time for BB.    # BUY BB. HOLD THE SIEGE VS THE UNFAIR MARKET ##Future generation will thank you for trying to make the world better  LET'S TOUR SPACE TOGETHER!!             🪐🪐✨🪐✨✨ 🪐 🪐✨🪐🪐🪐✨🪐🪐🪐🪐  (don't accept financial advice from tards like me)
$AMC fucking holding
I made my first $1000 off of $NAKD yesterday thanks to you retards, if AMC keeps tanking I’ll lose it back but fuck that. Fuck them. AMC let’s gooooo 🍿
Joining the ride on $NOK
Decided to jump on in with you all and join the ride. Long $NOK!
ROBINHOOD WOULDNT DELIST ALL THOSE STOCKS IF WALLSTREET WASNT HURTING
No way in hell they’d kamikaze their business model if they’re sugar daddy hedge funds weren’t seriously hurting. HOLD FAST YOU MOTHERFUCKERS, COME MONDAY WE’LL BE IN OUTER SPACE
NAKD was mooning and fucking paper hands threw.
$500 IS COMING AND IM NOT SELLING. MANY FOLKS WILL SELL AND THOSE FOLKS WILL LOSE OUT ON ANOTHER 10X. HOLD HOLD HOLD. WE LOVE THE STOCK
WE LOVE THE SHIT OUT OF THIS STOCK
I JUST BOUGHT AMC! ON SALE!!!
How Do I Do This? I HaTe hedge funds.
I'm an idiot but I've got some cash to burn and I HATE fucking hedge funds. What kind of order do I place? A straight up stock buy or an option or . . .
STOP SELLING AMC BUY THE DIP AND HOLD OR THEY WIN
No, I actually can’t make trades
GME BACK TO   DO IT
AG shirt squeeze incoming!
Around 25% is shorted. Cheap so far. Can definitely go up  But DO your own due diligence   Positions 30 @ 18/share
They want to screw AMC the same way. Big money is scared.
AMC has the same restrictions if not more than GME after yesterday’s volume. The is BS and it won’t work
There are more online brokers beside RobinHood, just saying ;)
If RH doesnt let you trade as you want, just open an account with any of the other ones.     TD Ameritrade   InteractiveBrokers   Charles Schwab   TastyWorks   Fidelity  There are other smaller ones.
GME PASSED 400
What platforms are allowing us to buy and sell GME, AMC etc right now?
Obviously Robinhood fucked us. I’m leaving their platform to go big on GME with the boys. What platforms are out there that allow us to invest properly?
Six flags anyone?
Just sayin...
Stay together in BB guys, do not split
Some are saying one stock, some another, don’t split, go first for BB, divide and conquer won’t work in this. BB or NOK first, we’ll see the path after that
AMC IS TANKING
YOU ALL LIED TO ME!!!!!! TO THE MOON? MORE LIKE TO THE PITS OF THE OCEAN!!!
Sell $bb should i sell my Blackberry shares?
Im already down 30% today. What do you guys think?
we are going to do it Reddit
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, STOP SELLING GME AND FUCKING HOLLLLLLD!!
$WTRH supported by robinhood still shorted by our lovely friends citadel
Listen up $WTRH is has a short to float rate of 80% is also shorter by citadel it’s time to fight they can’t stop us         20 2/19 $6C
For The Retail Investor (HOLD THE LINE)
We will win. This is no longer about making money off of GME. (I like the stock and based on fundamentals it should be sitting at roughly $69,420.) This is about us retail investors getting fucked year after year after year making a tiny 8% return thinking retiring at 65 is the key to life as we work for the 1%. FUCK THIS. Melvin Capital can eat my fucking ass after I eat my winnings forgetting they aren't actually edible tendies.   A big fuck you to Melvin Capital, Hedge Funds CNBC, Robinhood, and anyone else that continue to act like they serve a purpose to the retail investor. They want our fucking money. We work 8+ hours every day to make a tiny profit. Then we reinvest our profit to potentially get a return and retire when my dick is wrinkled and I'm blind from staring at reddit AT 65. Then they steal our money in the markets.  Don't let them win. We will win. Hold Hold Hold and don't fucking worry about after hours drops. Scare tactics. We will prevail. This is only the beginning. The fire rises.  As a year long lurker to this sub I've lost 93% of my account. I'm back at even right now and I will follow u\\DeepFuckingValue to the depths of hell to win this battle. I don't care if I lose it all again. We will win. I saw GameStop at   for half a second about 10 minutes ago. It was beautiful.
FILE YOUR CLAIM WITH THE SEC. FUCK ROBINHOOD. GME TO THE MOON!!!

The Hedge strikes back at AMC
Guys, the hedgers are trying to put us in our place on AMC. We must buy the hell out of AMC to really make them feel the pain    This is now the most shorted stock.  Don’t let them win. AMC buy and hold.  I bought more shares this morning at 13.
Merrill Edge still working
Merrill edge / Merrill Lynch still working.   hands all day
ONTO AMC WE GO, KEEP IT ALIVE, AMC PRIDE
Thanks WSB for giving an old gamer hope
I've been a long term conservative investor for 25 years, and I bought GME at $250 today.  I'm never selling.  I remember spending summers in and out of GameStop with my brother buying all of the Baldur's Gate content we could find.    We were bored out of our minds sitting in middle American suburbs, and it was a place for us.    Last year was hard.  So was watching the narrative of the pandemic accelerating the impending GameStop bankruptcy.   Retail needs to adapt, but having a platform for gamers is important now and in the future.  GameStop deserves our support to build it.  As a conservative investor, WSB looked really crazy to me, but now I get it.   Thanks retards.
Anyone else having trouble with CashApp?
I tried placing orders for AMC and NOK that said they would go through at 9:30 AM. They are still pending and I can’t buy more, nor can I delete them. Anyone else?
So now that RH fucked us, where is the easiest and quickest place to buy now?
Guess what? We’re not fucking leaving.
Shut down trading on RH. Guess what? We’re not fucking leaving.   Insight panic on CNBC. Guess what? We’re not fucking leaving.   Price dips. Guess what? We buy and Hold. We’re not fucking leaving.   Everything in your body is telling you to sell. Guess what? We’re not fucking leaving.   Squeeze these trust fund babies and show them how much we LOVE THE STOCK!   WE ARE NOT FUCKING LEAVING.
Correct me if I’m wrong my lore may be incorrect.
I thought Robinhood was a guy that stole from the rich and gave to the people, but it seems Robinhood is just trying to fuck the poor.
Fidelity Limit Order Issue??
I placed a limit order for GME on Fidelity but the price it bought the shares for was much higher. Am I missing something here or are they cheating me?
$EBON BREAKOUT 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Where should I buy GME from now that Robinhood removes it?
I just got into this yesterday and now I don’t know where to buy with Robinhood doing this.
I just bought 68 NOK at   for $366 - Let's make it the next GME for poor bros, BUY and HOLD
Are there other trading apps besides Robberhood?
I'd like to give someone else my business if I could. Thanks retards.
This has transcended investing
We’ve hit em where it hurts, their bank accounts. All the hoops they’re jumping through makes it clear and obvious; this is working. Wether gme crashes back to 0 tomorrow or 1000, we won. America finally sees through the corrupt facade of a “free market” and the “American dream”. Fuck the American dream. In the words of George carlin “they call it the American dream, because you have to be asleep to believe it...”
No More Gamer Words: Time for WallStreetBets to grow up a little and act our age
With all the new attention on us now, the time for using gamer words is over. We are about to all be millionaires, its time we start acting like it.
New to this but just bought my first 5 shares in NOK
Proud to be part of something big! Also, what should I know going forward?
Class Action Lawsuit Against Brokerages Stopping Buys
Hi All,  Does anyone have the knowledge on how we can start a class action lawsuit against the brokers who are blatantly manipulating the market, allowing sell orders only for certain stocks?  I'm sure we can get enough people on-board.
On eToro you can still buy GME. I bought at 393 with my last 200USD. All in.
How to get to the investments screen in Ally
Too my fellow autists using Ally bank / ally invest. When they "go down", like they currently are, and won't show you your investments, "due to high trading volume". You can still get to the investments screen / dashboard and place orders. Do the following  On the app click transfers -> invest transfers. This will drop you into the regular ally invest screen.
GME alternative on Robinhood, SPCE
Well, since I have money on Robinhood, but can't buy GME. I'm throwing it at SPCE to see what happens.
What's the plan for the day?
I just got in yesterday and bought some shares of AMC. I was going to buy more today through robinhood but obviously I can't. Is there another stock I should buy or wait till AMC or GME  is available again?
Trading212 - blocked GME to ‘mitigate’ my risk. Wtf are they smoking? I’m getting right off it as soon as I’m done squeezing MM balls to create a black hole
Do you think the hedge funds have short positions on all the stocks that we no longer have access to (amc, bb, koss, etc..?)
I mean think about it. What if they all shorted those stocks as they were trading at such a higher than average price when all of a sudden RH now no longer supports them effectively taking away the opportunity for us to buy more and keep that price high?   There is no way that hedge funds are not profiting from owning shorts on these? Is there anyway to look and see if those shorts have risen?
This doesn’t change anything
Robinhood may have taken down the ability to buy GME, BB, AMC but they will have to lift the ban at some point.   Same thing that happened with Trading 212 yesterday.   We go again.   Fuck the hedge funds. Fuck Robhinhood and Trading 212.   Viva la WSB
$BB is plummeting what do now ???
Don't forget to show AMC some love! GME is still growing but AMC took a hit
BRING SUNDIAL BACK UP BABY I HAVE 5K IN IT AND IM PUTTING 5K MORE
Hello I'm new to this what's the deal so I buy gme on Etoro? Then what
You can still buy GME, AMC on non Robinhood accounts
Get over to fidelity, vanguard and keep buying!!!!
Wall street boys I need your help and maybe you can help others too.
I'm a disabled vet, a maintenance guy for a school district and I just bought my first house. During this pandemic I've struggled a lot with bills and gained alot of debt recently. I'm getting a pretty large tax return and with the recent news it's turned me on to the idea of investing in stocks to make a profit and help me with my debts.   My question to you, with only 1000$ what stocks should I be betting on to make a good profit? I hope if anyone answers this it will help others in a similar situation as I am in.
The Hedge strikes back at AMC
Guys, the hedgers are trying to put us in our place on AMC. We must buy the hell out of AMC to really make them feel the pain    This is now the most shorted stock.  Don’t let them win. AMC buy and hold.  I bought more shares this morning at 13.
My complaint to the SEC regarding to the recent actions taken by Robinhood. Feel free to use any or all of this in your complaints.
Robinhood Markets, Inc. has engaged in market manipulation by locking it's users out of buying a variety of stocks and options associated with GameStop (GME) and other popular companies. Robinhood has financial ties to Citadel Capital Solutions, a firm that took a financial interest in Melvin Capital as they were losing money on a reckless and over crowded short trade position on GameStop stock. It is my belief that this lockout on specific stocks is directly related to the financial positions their partners have on these stocks, and I can see it as nothing other than blatant market manipulation for personal gain, at the expense of individual retail investors.      I am immediately closing my account with Robinhood, but I am infuriated by the actions taken by the company and strongly suspect that in this process, they have engaged in significant illegal activity through the following:     Intentional and willful conduct designed to defraud investors by controlling or artificially affecting the price and intentional interference with the free forces of supply and demand.      Taking actions that affect the integrity of the market place and prevent price setting by the unimpeded collective judgement of buyers and sellers.
Hold the line!
Not allowing investors to buy a certain stock while simultaneously applying a short attack is just pathetic. We all see what's happening. DON'T SELL!!!
1 hour left till European market closes. You can still buy game stock on German exchange $GS2C!
Cash app allowing purchase of AMC
1611876623
why is AMC down bad
someone help i bought at $16 is it actually gonna go up or am i getting screwed
Fuck Robinhood! I sold all my stocks to double down on more GME and BB this morning and I only have the option to sell my current shares. If this isn’t market manipulation then what is? HOLD THE FUCKING LINE
First time stock trading, and I took a fat L
The meme stocks are being dumped
I'm not going to endorse any stock but using tradeview to track sales and buys, there are ridiculous sells like 25k+ shares back to back at a dip, especially for amc and bb, for gme it's not as bad since there are so many buys.
TD Ameritrade Think or Swim is still up and has not cut AMC, BB, GME ect
Ahhhhhhhhhh
Congrats!
Congrats, fellow redditors! You just exposed a major flaw in the stock market with GameStop, BuildaBear, etc! Large firms are now "concerned that the inflated prices don't reflect the underlaying health of a company" Really?  I think it's hilarious that the "game" of the stockmarket is only exposed when a large group of "the little guy" walk onto the scene. For years, I've worked for large organizations that lay off people while showing their shareholders large profits and giving them dividends. One place I worked even put people on furlough for weeks while they bought another company and building with CASH. Funny how large companies have been playing games for years while it goes silently unnoticed.
G M E
Are we still holding GME boys?!
ALERT: $BB, $NOK DOWN HARD    RAID
I dont have access to advanced trading tools, but I do have access to a massive pair of balls.  The fucking    are raiding $BB and $NOK. As of right now $BB down about 30% and $NOK down about 25%. FUCKING HOLD AUTISTS!         Positions:  $BB:  - 17x 2/19 $  - 6x 2/19 $  - 6x 1/20/2023 $   $NOK:  - 1x share - 45x 2/19 $   Fuck the bears. The market is ours.  Not financial advice. I'm a dumbass, and if you think this is financial advice, you're a dumbass too.
AMC just issued   million shares, converted $600 million in debt. Now is the time to get onboard.

BAN THE BOTS? So many posts on daily discussion thread from NEW ACCOUNTS, promoting stocks other than Gamestop
Can new accounts with no karma be prevented from posting?? People must understand that GAMESTOP IS DIFFERENT from any other stock. GME is NOT pump and dump. THERE WILL NOT BE A NEXT GME.   GAMESTOP IS THE PARADIGM SHIFT. HOLD HOLD HOLD.
Will AMC rebound?
Whatcha think
Robinhood dodge trades faltering
All is fucked just hold hold hold when u can’t buy
REVOLUT NOW SHOWING A WARNING TO USERS, NOT ‘YET’ BLOCKING TRADING
A M C is on hold BUY BUY BUY
Rise Up, YOU CAN BE THE REAL ROBINHOODS
You guys know the story of Robinhood? A swashbuckling thief that stole from the rich and gave to the poor? Cute, right? Well if you have a brain and have been alive in America for more than at least 15 years, you know it never works like that. The same applies for Robinhood. They are on the side of Wall Street and they do not care about you. When retail buyers finally got a leg up and figured out how to get their (relatively small) piece of the pie (a pie that has always been served off their backs mind you), these hedge fund shoe shiners stole away their stocks and locked them into their positions— answering a witch-hunt for market manipulators with stone-cold market manipulation. They’ve done everything they said they were against and you should take a stand.   This platform is a thing for good and every public figure who wants to be free of Wall Street’s grip has said so. There are beautiful mods here bringing together a powerful community of people from all over the spectrum (and yes THAT spectrum too) and I hope everyone follows their guidance for how to file complaints, beat them at their own game, and curbing hate speech while doing so. HAVE FAITH YE BEAUTIFUL RETARDS. THEY HAVE NOT BEATEN YOU YET. NOW IS THE TIME FOR UNITY AND STANDING UP FOR THE LITTLE GUY OF ALL COLORS, BACK-ROUNDS, AND MENTAL CAPACITIES. FILE YOUR COMPLAINTS JOIN THE CLASS ACTIONS, YOU CAN BE THE REAL ROBINHOODS.    to the fucking moon baby
SHOULD I STILL BUY OR AM I LATE
THINKING OF BUYING 5000$ WORTH OF GME AM I LATE  ?
Well, went to check out GME this morning on RH and...
Is IBKR.... on the same path as Robinhood?
ROBBING hood is the new name
WE ALL NEED TO SPAM ROBINHOODS SUPPORT AND TWITTER
We need to let them know we know what they’re doing is illegal. They cannot hault buying, that’s manipulating the market, FUCK THE SEC FOR NOT DOING SHIT  AMC GME NOK TO THE MOON
I just lost so much money on my $BB, $NOK, and $AMC investments, its not funny Robinhood... Only $GME survived...
How can they do this? I see how it is... Once we start giving each other advice they start to fold, but the years of manipulation by the SEC and other hedge-funds was just peachy?
Reminder: aoc hates wall street. Tweet her and tell her to help investigate robinhood for market manipulation
Disclaimer: i am not a financial advisor
WSB ist basically unusable
It wasn't great the past few days, I know its all cool what we're doing with GME, but now it's really gone to shit. So many fake bots, so many people just promoting shit that they invested in, retards are now even promoting coins, and aren't getting banned. The discussion thread isn't anything but spam anymore, fuck this shit. Everybody that hasn't been here for at least a month shouldn't be able to comment.
Let’s short the shit out of Robinhood IPO
This is too much one can’t buy or sell options cause robinhood decides to hang up because they have shitty servers
Murdock Capital and AMC
Overnight purchase of copious amounts of $AMC shares by Murdock Capital, for a friendly price I'm sure, is nothing more than a huge smoke screen. They are just trying to scare away us retards. The funny thing is we litterly have no sense so we shall also double down during their artificial dip and tighten the noose a little more.  Listen to the music retards! Pressure $GME, and surround their escape hatches!  BUY, HOLD, AND SQUEEZE
Everyone use etrade !!!!!
Ever
I lost with AMC / BB
Played my part in history boyz. After that After market BS, and Robinhood being scandalous by restricting the people. Fuck them, we need to sue. I got paper hands but I think GME should have been the play all along no matter the price. I lost my entry at 90 with GME but it’s okay. My biggest regret with AMC or BB is not recognizing the gains before the market closed. Can’t trust pre or post market anymore. Good luck boyz!
These little shits think they can stop us? The more you try to stop us, the more us retards will enjoy driving you into the ground.    my retarded brothers, HOLD THE LINE
Just got in on NOK
Here we go..
I bought AMC here is my story
Look I’m not a financial advisor, I’m just one person being part of history I threw 100 dollars in AMC and guess what? If I lose it I can’t buy a six pack this weekend if we end up winning then I can buy three six packs next weekend.  TLDR; HOLD AMC HOLD HOLD
HOLD YHE LINE!!!!
Well, time to delete Robinhood
Stash is going the same route as Robinhood
As of this morning I cannot log into my stash account on pc or phone. The conveniently put out a tweet that they aren't limiting any purchases. But it sure seems like if I cannot access my account I'm being limited. But at least I can't sell if I can't even log in. Get dat GME
$SNDL to the moon

We should all take out money out of Robinhood!
After clearly planned outages and now this! I am done.
I'm with you
I just transferred $  of my available $  to my fidelity account so I could put it into GME. It's all I can do, but I'm happy to stick that tiny needle into Wall Street's side.  Ya'll are so inspiring. As a poor person who has lost more this year than I made the previous 2 years, it feels really good to see some 1% comeuppance.
HOLD GME, HOLD AMC, HOLD BB, HOLD NAKD
IT DOESNT MATTER WHAT YOUR PERSONAL CHOICE WAS  HOLD HOLD HOLD  DONT LET THESE SCUMBAGS WIN  ATLEAST HOLD UNTIL FRIDAY NIGHT  TO THE MOON
All this is just PROOF we have their number.
Alright all you autists, take all this manipulation as the blessing that it is. It’s PROOF!! Proof that we are going to fuck their shit up and they know it. I’ve been here since the days of u/ir0nyman and I can tell you that this is the absolute fucking BEST I’ve ever felt about anything I’ve ever seen on WSB. Shit is great, you just have to HOLD AND BUY. Any way you can.   Fuck Robinhood. Fuck any brokerage that’s trying to stop your one way ticket to the moon. GME and AMC going up if you just show them that you and your wife’s boyfriends dicks can Eiffel Tower their asses all day, week, month long.  Obligatory                May the tendies be with you.
GME evaluation price is spot on. This is the result to the infinite risk of shorting a stock
I promise I'm not a bot. I am definitely retarded. HOLD TO THE MOON!
FIDELITY STILL TAKING GME BUY ORDERS
Robinhood and TD Ameritrade might be blocking options and buys of GME now, but Fidelity isn't. Hop over to them if you guys still need to grab your positions. I don't work for them, just use them and am pleased to see they're not fucking with peoples' money like Ameritrade and Robinhood.  Furthermore, you guys know what the deal is  🙏
GONDOR CALLS FOR AID, AND ROHAN WILL ANSWER! I'M IN AND HOLDING FOREVER.
Who's ready to drop Robinhood and all the other trading platforms that limited us?? Idk, maybe we can all withdraw our money out on the same time and date?....
They wanted to fuck us, let's fuck them. When this squeeze is all said and done, let's drop these trading platforms and find one that really supports retail investors. 4 million of us can make some big moves
Cash App??
I’ve been trying to buy GME NOK AMC and BBBY since last night, I am thrilled watching what you guys are doing and I want to help. Cash App pushed thru my NOK and BBBY this morning, I want to know what you guys think about Cash App for trading! How else can I help?
BUY AND HOLD AMC!
STAY STRONG BROTHERS!
FYI: institutional investors own 85% of GME

NAKD TO THE MOON       LETS DO IT BOYS AND GIRLS!!!
BUY THE DIP $AMC $BB $NOK      THEY CAN'T LIMIT TRADING ON EVERYTHING!
Change of direction only for now?
Until they allows to take gme and amc to the moon more, we switch our attention to bb, it’s tradable.
Tweet at Robinhood negative reviews for shutting down buy options
Best way to get Robinhood's attention is to send negative tweets about not allowing users to purchase gamestop and AMC.  Also, yelp review the shit out of them.
Robinhood has officially stole from the poor and gave to the rich. This is twisted. Don't let them get away with it, submit your complaint about their market manipulation here:

What trading platform do we use other than Robinhood now?
I’m thinking of just switching to ToS or Webull, but what are you guys going to use now? There is no fucking way that we will continue using Robinhood for them to just blatantly manipulate the market like this, so what are you guys using? Also are you guys keeping your positions in Robinhood or are you transferring the positions to the new brokerage?
What to buy?
So what do i buy now I can't buy AMC en GME? BB? or do i wait until I can buy again?
Send messages to robinhood support
Make your voices heard!!
But the dips and hold
There are still a huge number of shorts on GME, some of which are doubling down. Help the cause. Buy on a dip and hold onto that sucker until they finally give up. There is no limit to how much they can lose on some of those shorts. Don’t forget that they were a driving force that caused the crash of 2008.
DO  NOT  SELL
If you can"t buy GME buy and HOLD SNDL, it's a cheap stock to squeeze out the hedge funds!
I'm not giving financial advice, I just like the stock     SNDL is cheap at $  and these evil hedge fund guys and wall street suits are short the stock. Let's show em who's the boss HOLD HOLD HOLD
ACTION NEEDS TO BE TAKEN. WE MUST FILE CLASS ACTION LAWSUITS AND MARCH ON WALL STREET!!
Fucking bullshit
Just got in on AMC on TD Ameritrade, let’s go boys!!!  Rocket ships  I don’t use emojis
HOLD AMC they are trying to scare US.
= tendies. THATS ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW
Wealthsimple still allows to buy GME and BB! Move your   over here and let’s fly to moon   together!
Robinhood won't allow purchase of new $BB. What fuckery is afoot?
It'll allow me to sell, but not purchase anymore stock. No reason given
IS THIS NEWS WORTHY!?!?
Trust the process and HOLD $GME
They manipulate market so people can’t buy and only sell. That’s why prices go down. Hold the line and we  🌔  Squeeze will ONLX begun on friday because they short position expire and will last for next week till melvin bankrupt so     Ignore the imposter among us telling you to buy 🐮💩  But what i know. I am just poor retard from EU  Btw. Etoro still allowing to sell and buy  5 @ 119,97
Is AMC still going? Holding strong here but hoping for more support
ANYONE ELSE NOT ABLE TO SELL A MOTHERFUCKING THING???
Why are all these posts getting removed
It’s happening thanks to wallstreetbets and two tweets. Such wow
They have stopped us from trading GME and AMC but not BB
Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib responded on Twitter to Robinhood's decision, calling for the House Committee on Financial Services to hold a hearing on the trading service's actions, calling them "market manipulation."
YOLO update — this has been my most unproductive week of work.
AMC is crashing, I'm buying more!!
The Hedge strikes back
Guys, the hedgers are trying to put us in our place on AMC. We must buy the hell out of AMC to really make them feel the pain    This is now the most shorted stock.  Don’t let them win. AMC buy and hold.  I bought more shares this morning at 13.
[Question] Is there a way to transfer funds or owned shares to another broker service (as in get the fuck off of Robinhood) without paper-handing and losing it all?
If my shares are shackled to Robinhood then fuck it, these hands are diamond regardless but if there’s a way to effectively move to a less shitty service then I’m all ears.
BOUGHT AND HOLDING $BB
And guess what. I'm not selling.  The market manipulation feels HIGHLY illegal and as retail investors we can not let hedgefund and the visible hand have their way.
Any reason why Robinhood still has a   rating on the Apple App Store? Write a review and let them know how you really feel...
Robinhood fucked with wrong one. Time to go full retard.
You know the drill retards! Close your rh accounts
This is all out WAR
HOLD $GME $BB $AMC $NOK   🏻
So many Bots🤖🤖🤖!!!
Whenever you read a post saying to sell GME, or pump another nonsense stock just stop & look at how long those accounts have been active!! It’s usually 1-2days & in some cases just a few hours!!!! Don’t fall for their deception
This is war. We’re getting screwed from all sides, we must hold the line boys
I am now genuinely mad at this system of corruption and manipulation. I got into this because I thought it would be funny, but it’s now clear that this is way bigger than making some money or screwing with one hedge fund.   The media, investment apps (hypocritically named robinhood) are all colluding to stop the working class from making some money because they don’t want to see their buddies making some money? This is absolutely disgusting.   These people got bailed out in 2008 after destroying our economy with their bets, but now we’re apparently at fault for “betting” or increasing the volatility or some other bs?   We must remember that we are the 99% and that if we put our energy & brainpower into 1 thing we can absolutely accomplish it.   Boycott all apps & media that attempt to sabotage this movement, hold them accountable for their collusion.   And hold the line
Decided to buy GME today but my webull account takes 5 days to fund. :(
IF YOU DONT BUY THE DIP ON AMC YOU SRE TOO AUTISTIC FOR EVEN THIS SUB
Just facts
Avoiding the broker's market manipulation
You can still buy GME on the german stock exchange (at least on trading212), it's just called GS2C and you buy with euros. GME to the moon           #
BUY NOKIA ON CASHAPP
Cashapp still works for $NOK #Nokia just be patient and keep trying. I had to try a good 30+ times for it to work.
James O'Keefe Coming for you Robinhood!

Paper hands may make a few bands, but diamond hands are FOREVER.
HOLD.
what's with all the posts getting deleted?
just me or are like half the posts in new deleted
GME BACK UP. buY! buy! buy!
WHY THE FUCK CANT RETARDS BUY STOCKS???????????
CANT BUY GME AMC NOK OR NAKD ON RH TD AMERITRADE ANYWHERE. THIS ISNT FUCKING LEGAL. WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK.
WE ARE GETTING MESSED WITH BECAUSE WE ARE STRONG TOGETHER. HOLD TILL THE MOON AMC/BB/NOK/GME
Momma didnt raise no bitch with paper hands
HOLD!!!
Do NOT sell! Keep holding! We can't let them win!
What the hell is happening, can someone explain? I'm brand new to this.
Can someone explain me what's happening right now? Is there some kind of stock I should 100% buy right now?
TO VALHALLA BROTHERS!!!!!!!! CHARGE!!!!!!!!!!!!
RYCEY
Still going up and it’s early!!!
Anything allowing buys still?
Robinhood of course went belly up  I had a cash app already set up from awhile ago and saw somebody say you can get stocks there so I said ok and put orders for AMC and NOK there because GME isn’t there for whatever reason  Turns out they also are having stock issues.  So any platforms that are allowing the average person to buy still or is just dead for the moment?
DONT SELL BOYS WTF
Alternative stocks to GME and AMC (since I can't buy them)
LLKKF   has been doing pretty well for me but what are other rocketing stocks? What are other stocks that I should be looking at?
Push on NAKD
I want to buy GME and I can’t
Fuck Robinhood! Fuck TD and the rest   I like so many others wanted to buy GME this morning and couldn’t.   I don’t own any GME, but I’m still here for all of you!   Burn those fuckers to the god damn ground
Don’t forget to head to the App Store and leave a review for robinhood.
Do it. Then file a complaint with the sec.
TD AMERUTRAD IS STILL TRADING $NOK
GET IN THERE AND GET YOUR TENDIES, BUY THE DIP RETARDS
HOLD HOLD HOLD
SQUEEZE SQUEEZE SQUEEZE
Someone Buy SNDL so I don’t lose on it lmao
THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT I SAID YESTERDAY, THEY DRIVE THE STOCK DOWN PREMARKET AND THEY BUY PART OF THEIR SHORT POSITION BACK FOR AS LOW AS POSSIBLE
10k is NOT A MEME GME Ask Bid Spread 250 :   PRE MARKET
HOLD GME APES! TOGETHER STRONG! BUY THE DIP!
Listen bros, we’re making a statement. Take a 2nd mortgage out on your house. Sell your car. Dump that trust fund. GME to 1k no matter how they try to stop us!
DON'T LET THE SUITS WIN IN $AMC
WE'RE WINNING THIS
What’s the short interest on $BB?
Are they shorting my $BB and keeping it down?
AMC?
Just bought a share in AMC. IS THIS WISE???
Bought GME with Etoro
Just bought GME with Etoro broker.  I like the stock.
Let's go the moon!
Silver squeeze incoming?
The Hedge strikes back
Guys, the hedgers are trying to put us in our place on AMC. We must buy the hell out of AMC to really make them feel the pain    This is now the most shorted stock.  Don’t let them win. AMC buy and hold.  I bought more shares this morning at 13.
AMC news? Should we just dump?
I’ve lost $5k this morning from AMC and I think I just need to cut my losses. Is there any concrete evidence it’ll come back up?
STOP SELLING AMC AND GME, HOLD
paper hands
NOK sell
Are we selling NOK now?
They are blocking every stock that is mentioned here. Bring down RH by talking about every single stock they offer. Fuck these traitors!
App Store is in on it.
I can’t access reviews from Robinhood for today. It’s only showing Wednesday.....
HOLD    THIS TRADE RESTRICTION ACTUALLY MAKES IT PREDICTABLE AF
NO TRADES EXCEPT INSTITUTIONAL BUYS + THEY HAVE TO COVER THEIR SHORTS FRIDAY MEANS SUPPLY DEMAND MODEL BECAME SIMPLE AF. 140% SI TO YOUR FLOAT SHARES MEANS DEMAND ONLY INCREASES AS MORE PEOPLE SELL. LAST ONE TO HOLD HAS A WHOPPING 41:1 DEMAND: SUPPLY RATIO. SINCE WE CANT BUY ANY MORE I GUESS WE CAN ONLY HOLD!! FUCK ROBINHOOD IM MOVING PLATFORMS AFTER THIS THIS IS NOT FINANCIAL ADVICE.
BUY AMC HOLD AMC
Do it!!
BB is where you wish you could have bought it. Buy now and win party on the moon
After suspending trading what are the chances they played puts on those specific stocks? These fuckers
GME is on halt for me on my exchange so here’s to buying the fucking dip!!!!!!! HOLD                BB GME AMC NOK
HOLD ONTO AMC HOLD HOLD HOLD
HOLD ONTO AMC AND BUY THE DIP
Help!
Hi all I’m new to this but wanted to help out, why can’t I buy any AMC?! The price has gone down so thought I’d refuel but trading212 isn’t allowing it. I also can’t buy more GME. I’m in the UK and this defo feels illegal. I know US side people are saying the same. Anything I can do?
Just wanna let you bois know IM HOLDING BABY!!
Get the bag!
Money to invest but no where to invest it
Is there any where that’s letting us get the ‘big ones’? I placed orders last night on Robinhood and they all got cancelled.
pain.
STEEL $MT TO THE MOON
Don’t forget about steel boys! Let’s give $MT some retard strength!!!
NAKED KEEP AND BUY WE GOING 4$ EZ GO GO GO GO WE HAVE THIS WE GOING FAR WE ARE THE COMMON MAN BECOMING RICH 🔥🔥🔥🔥⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️           🔥🔥⭐️🔥🔥
GME GME GME
Apparently, THIS is the real reason why GME is mooning 1/28
GRAPEVINE, Texas, Jan. 28, 2021 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- GameStop proudly announced today that it has received a perfect score of 100 on the Human Rights   Foundation’s 2021 Corporate Equality Index, the nation’s foremost benchmarking survey and report measuring corporate policies and practices related to LGBTQ workplace equality. This marks the eighth consecutive year that GameStop has earned top marks in the annual workplace  .  “Receiving this award and designation as a Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality is an honor for GameStop,” says George Sherman, chief executive officer for GameStop. “Our values compel us to be the voice, commit to inclusion, and personify respect. At GameStop, we act on this through c  causes for the LGBTQ community, and all those committed to improving and protecting the rights of every human.”
Where do I buy now?
I was just watching on amused, but I feel so infuriated by Robinhood and Trading 212 that I'm now desperate to do my bit and invest something.  Where is an ethical place to do this where they won't bend to big finance?
RH is going to unban the stonks
Listen up taint faces. RH knows very well that what they have done goes against everything they pride themselves in as a company. There were ulterior motives here and RH was likely not the entity that pushed the button on these ticker restrictions.   By mid trading day today RH will unban GME, AMC, BB and NOK and they will reroute their course to the fucking andromeda galaxy. Call me a retard but this is the most likely situation. I’ll see you fucks on VY Canis Majoris.
NAKD SNDL: am I late?
Down bad rn on NAKD and SNDL, did I miss the wave?
CASH APP CASH APP CASH APP
NOK still available to buy on Cash App boys
wow
Is cashapp fucking with y’all too?  “unable to complete your purchase”
Should I have bought NOK
It's going down but is that just bc the apps are keeping people from buying it or is it just not gonna   to the moon
Should I Sale? FUCK NO WE ARE GOING TO THE MOON AND BEYOND    JUST SOME LOSS PORN FOR YOU TO 💦
what the crack is happening with NOK
Wtf?
The world is watching, we Americans need help globo-bros
Unable to buy multiple tickers, including GME, on Robinhood  Other brokers are having the same issue  We have been illegally shut down, manipulated, slandered on the news  I am still holding! I will not sell! I am searching for a broker who hasn't succumbed to this blatant corruption!  I, and I know many other Ameri-bros are right back in this as soon as possible  HOLD STRONG. ADVANCE ON THESE FUCKS. BACKUP INCOMING
WHERE ARE MY BB HOLDERS
Are you guys actually holding? Cos from my screen it seems like u puscies are selling. What happened to diamond hands. What happened to staring adversity in the face? Unite
BUY AND HOLD AMC!
Don't sell!  Cash App still works for buying.
If you can, buy BB, NOK, AMC while it's still banned on most brokerages!! When it opens back up it's gonna skyrocket!
The only reason these stock are dropping right now is because they aren't letting anyone buy them! Once they inevitably open them back up they are gonna moon. Get them while they are on sale and do not panic sell.
BB down to $17
Fuck Robinhood! I’m buying more GME.
I wasn’t in GME before because I didn’t have the money to buy a significant amount, but I’m literally going to pull some money out of my saving accounts to buy some just because this is total fucking bullshit. Fuck these market manipulating assholes.
So this is what Andrew Left’s account looks like
We flying high at work!! pumping the GME all DAY!! NEVER SELL NEVER LOSE NEVER QUIT!!!
LFG!!!
Australian broker "Stake" has been completely offline for the last hour. Rest in peace, tendies.
What's going on with AMC?
Paper hands?
IF YOU SELL -- THEY WIN
Selling shows that their horrible, probably illegal, tactics are making them money.  $AMC $BB $GME $NOK  HOLD THE LINE
We should inform others about how Robinhood treats their customers on the App Store
What about AOUT?
Any good?
CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT AGAINST ROBINHOOD!
So Robinhood decided to delist GME, AMC, and other meme stocks in a paternalistic attempt to tell us “unsophisticated” plebs what we’re allowed to buy/sell, and in the process artificially deflate the stock. I just find it astonishing that the platform that claims to be standing up for the little guy is the only brokerage firm taking these steps. To be clear, this has absolutely nothing to do with risk management since they can simply not allow margin.  Is there any securities lawyer here that can chime in or perhaps even take on the case?   In the meantime here is the SEC complaint form:    I’m done with Robinhood.
Australian trading app?
With this.. movement? I guess you would call it to stick it to the suits I would love to jump on the bandwagon.. I have disposable cash, not expecting returns at this stage but all the apps I've seen suggested don't support Australian users  What are you Aussies using?
Only Hope Left
Cash app is allowing buys of AMC
I just completed one!
AMC GOING DOWN!!
AMC IS DOWN EVERYONE BUY AND HOLD!!
Fuck you
AMC DONT LET THEM TAKE UR MONEY HOLD THE LINE
Its is a dip time to buy. DO NOT LET THEM TAKE OUR MONEY AND MAKE THE RICH RICHER.
Where are all of the smooth brained noks that kept saying to buy $NOK and how many of you just created your Reddit acct yesterday? lol
lol case and point to not buy stocks that random internet person told you to buy. It’s funny just how many people were posting nok
If you’re a TD customer and Ameritrade app doesn’t work, download the TD thinkorswim app it’s still up!
Puff Puff Hold to the Moon
AMC is 50% off! Buy it while you can!
This is the same company it was yesterday at $20. The shorts are still out there. Upvote this to spread AMC awareness.
I bought GME for 420 boiz!! 💨🚬🚬🚬
BUY BUY BUY! HOLD HOLD HOLD!! KEEP THE PRICE HIGH!!!
You can buy AMC on Webull
Forget Robinhood trade with Webull
Loose lips sink ships.
A quick check of CNBC shows a good article about the ass fucking we are taking.  They quoted an investment platform which outlined the stocks they were “not supporting “, which happened to be most of the stocks we have been touting.    Bottom line, in this war information is power.  Well, that and access to our accounts.  I think this sub should go private and weed out the new, low karma accounts and give us a place to exchange ideas without giving away information to the opposition.  TLDR:  take this sub private and fight the bastards!
I'M IN FOR THE BOYS!!!
YO YOU APES ARE REALLY SELLING AT   WHYYYYYYY
STOP HATING MONEY WE TRYN GO TO THE MOON BOYS.
BUY THE DIP ON NAKD TO THE MOON HIT $5 TODAY
TO THE MOON
Nok and AMC
I am waitttttinnnng!!!! When does some predict lift off?
For one moment, it was glorious.
Don't fall for their diversions. GME, BB, NOK, AMC.
Don't lose focus and pivot to other stocks.  HOLD THE FUCKING LINE BOIS & GALS
NEXT HUGE SHORT SQUEEZE
Ive seen some good posts regarding this. Wallstreet has been shorting silver for years and its highly undervalued. Its time to do our thing. AG and SLV have high short interest and could make for a great short squeeze
I will singlehandedly rip open the assholes of the institutions and raw dog them until they can no longer walk HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD HOLD
SEC complaint link and complaint template
“I would like to report blatant and irrefutable market manipulation by several brokerages, namely TD Ameritrade and Robinhood, whereby these brokers restricted the free movement of stock in a free market with the sole intent to suppress the fair value price of the equity. If I (and other retail investors) believe that a stock will gain value after my purchase of it, in a free and fair market I should be allowed to do this. I understand the risks of losing money. I signed forms stating as much. The fact that I am prevented from purchasing more is an absurdity that cannot stand, and if it does then the market is truly not free, and is rigged against the retail investor. I hope my complaint doesn’t get lost in the absolute swarm of other similar complaints you will certainly be receiving today.”
Did RobinHood app JUST change their Twitter bio link to... their legal page?
Damn. Talk about a fox in a henhouse
Who are we going for next. I want to get I on this and stick it to Wall Street.
Freetrade, 212 all pending! My AMC, NOK invests can't go through
Freetrade and 212 are fucking awful. WHY WHY CAN'T I JUST GET MY STONKS WALL STREET??! WHY U CLOWNS GOTTA BE SO DIFFICULT????
If youre scared read this

THE BOYS HOLDING GME FROM NORWAY, LETS GOOO    BUY AND FUCKING HOLD DIPSHITS
Anyone else who uses Stash not able to log in?
I’ve been investing in AMC and BBBY for the last week, and now all of the sudden I log in and it sends me back to the sign in screen every time. The ivory tower fucks are playing with my money I know it.
Just put a ton down on sndl, was this a bad move or we going to the moon?
HOLD BBY! FOR THE GEEK SQUAD!
We’re spreading too thin #GME is where it is at. Buy and hold!
"Stake" share-trading app experiences outages during USA trading hours for 2nd straight day.
In other news, GME is up   at the time of this post (3:28pm GMT, 28th Jan)
XL sitting at a hot 72% short interest looking pretty fine if you ask me 🤫
DOWNLOAD PUBLIC. I GOT APPROVED WITHIN AN HOUR AND THEY HAVE INSTANT DEPOSIT.
FUCK ROBINHOOD IM YEETING EVERY DOLLAR I HAVE AT GME NEXT DIP
This blatant market manipulation has gone to far. If you have not filed a complaint against Robinhood here is the link.
The can’t ignore us all.
Make A Statement.
For anyone who truly believes in the free market, the actions by RH and other brokers to limit buy orders on various tickers is absolutely asinine. They are showing their true colors by backing institutional traders and abandoning what they were supposedly founded on.   For decades Wall Street has used dirty tactics to screw over retail, and the first time they get a real dose of their own medicine they cry and conduct overt and public market manipulation. RH, other brokers, hedge funds and the media have clearly stated what you are here   to be a free market participate, but to be a source of money for institutions to screw over as much as possible. You exist for their benefit. It’s the way of the world as they see it. No one should stand for this.   Make a stand and withdraw funds from RH and delete your account. Make them hurt. Make them realize it’s not just a game for institutions and the elite.
ROBINHOOD uses PLAID to collect your bank account information- a company that has been nailed for privacy violations.
ROBINHOOD has always been King John and the Sheriff of Nottingham. Here is an article that explains how their bank account collection software -   - is being nailed for privacy violations.
AMC dip Buy Buy Buy
Where the fuck can I transfer my positions in Robinhood to without any transfer fees or transfer minimums/limits?
Have a Webull account, but I see those fucking fees for transferring. Not selling my $NOK or $AMC, just want to buy some $GME and get my shit out of fucking Robinhood. Fuck Robinhood.
Robinhood really be like that was yesterday. This is today. How ironic.

NAKED KEEP AND BUY WE GOING 4$ EZ GO GO GO GO WE HAVE THIS WE GOING FAR WE ARE THE COMMON MAN BECOMING RICH 🔥🔥🔥🔥⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️           🔥🔥⭐️🔥🔥
My brother just got an email from Robinhood that they submit a limit order for 18 of his AMC stocks without his consent
In response to RH and Webull delisting GME... time to sell and cycle into a new stock?
I don’t see how GME can continue to rally when retail investors are being disenfranchised. It might be worth it to take our ball and go home (take profits).  But consider that we can still “win” by simply repeating the same strategy. If rallies like GME start to happen more and more frequently, hedge funds will be forced to lay off their shorts (which would be good for the overall economy) and trading apps would eventually give up with the censorship after it becomes apparent that they’ll never keep up with us.  I suggest GME profits should be put into $SLV, in order to directly fuck up JP Morgan. I’m a retard, but I’ve read some good DD about how JP is always shorting silver and has actually been fined by the government for exploiting it so heavily. Remember when your tax dollars bailed out JPM? Let’s take that money back.
ROBINMYHOOD
Wouldn't it be logical to hold all meme stonks and move all other stocks out of Robinhood?
Anyone remember MoviePass (HMNY)?
It’s still trading!
Not to be a    but, anybody think it’s a good idea to short RH after gme is over?
New to this, but with the censoring of buys on RH and amount of traction the GME thing has gotten. I feel like a lot of the Robinhood user base is about to leave once the dust settles.   Anyone else feel that coupled with all the people who downloaded it just to buy into gme leaving once it’s over may make the price drop considerably?
Hedge Funds are shorting my Venmo account!!
Just discovered that hedge funds have taken a HUGE short position on my Venmo account. Let’s all rally together and invest in @dallen555  We can do this!!
cashapp is working
was able to buy $400 of amc this morning
Should we come back in on Monday?!
They can’t stop us forever boys! Should we rest and come back to fight on Monday?
Don’t sell anything!!! We can beat them at their own game. If we can’t buy then don’t sell! They want you to sell!
They want you to sell is why that’s the only option they’re giving. Fucken hedge funds and their crony friends. Fuck them!
Bought physical silver. Stop manipulating metal prices $SLV $AG $GOLD
Market manipulation in sweden too. Avanza manipulating prices that you can sell and buy AMC GME and BB
They are afraid of us ! we arent alone, but we must hold fast ! i am gonna dip harder into my funds, atm got 28 shares of AMC and i wont give !  LETS bring these fuckers to court !
I know I’m gonna get the shit clowned out of me on here but I’m 14 and I wanna get into this, so how do I convince my parents to let me use a custodial account
I know this is a one time occurrence and I want to capitalize on it. I probably won’t be interacting with it too much in the future because it’s a potentially dangerous gamble but I am interested
Good alternatives to Robinhood?
In addition to today's BS, I'd enjoy it immensely if I could get a no-fee per trade platform that doesn't always do the worst execution price for market buys.
Endgame
Keep in mind these stocks have all became short squeezes
WHAT BROKERAGE ISN'T BLOCKING RIGHT NOW?
I have money to burn and I'm pulling everything out of RH. Who is an alternative to use instead that isn't blocking GME, BB, etc.
Was shooting for 420 already making money in the time it took to upload this
Robinhood
Robinhood   taking from the poor and giving to the rich! I hope they get thrown in jail!
Where do I put my money now?
I added money to robinhood yesterday and managed to get in on NOK and AMC but my GME order was cancelled. Now I've got funds only usable for buying stock and I can't buy my favorite stock! What should I do with it?
HOW CAN I INVEST IN GME WITHOUT ROBINHOOD OR CASHAPP
HELP
Guys i just wanna say...
NOK to the MOOOOOON
GO TANK ROBINHOOD GOOGLE AND APPLE REVIEWS IMMEDIATLY! LET THEM KNOW THEY FUCKED UP!
KILLL ROBINHOOOOOOD!!!!!!!!
Every time you sell, you're giving a handout to a hedge fund manager. DON'T FEED THE BEARS.
GME Short interest is down to 88% after this morning dip

Robinhood betrayed me. Who can I go to now?
Etrade? Schwab?
Tired of constantly just taking it from these rich assholes. Let’s March on Wall Street
In America you can only get rich by being rich. The one time working, regular people try and get rich by playing the rich persons game they get fucked over by all the powers that be. Fuck it I’m tired of this shit. We’ve got to do something.
ITS LOW NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY AND HOLD
Not financial advice just the musing of this monkey
I guess we sell BB?
):
Everyone chant with me. AMC, GME, BB and fuck you wallstreet.
Say it again you retards. AMC, GME, BB and fuck you wallstreet.
WE LIKE GME, HOLD THE LINE, 1000 OR BUST
BUY AMC
Buy the dip!!!!
Revolut Still Allowing sales for GME
\#EDIT SORRY FOR THE NOOB TERMS. YOU CAN STILL BUY $GME ON REVOLUT     Their servers are flooded. I had to wait almost an hour. But got in.
AMC IS TANKING
BUY THE DIP
[SEC Watch this] Interactive Brokers preventing us from buying GME shares
Even the brokerage giant is getting involved in market manipulation.
All out war with the elites
Could the wsb survive going to war with the elites? Im highkey proud of what the degens here have achieved but opening my eyes wider of the industry makes me mad that they can get away with such blatant manipulation. Someone write me a story or link me to one. I would like to read it.
22 MILLION IN THREE FUCKING HOURS!!!
Literally fuck a hedge fund in the face
I’m long in AAL and will be grabbing some other goodies with my profits. I’m just happy to see the masses finally jumping on this train, sticking it to the fat cats.   I’ve been trading mildly for about 4 years, I’ve been using ameritrade since day one. The idea of a broker that doesn’t charge fees but somehow still makes money, sketches me out, so I’ve never been a RH fan.
STOP SELLING YOU VIRGINS
THIS IS WHAT THEY WONT, STOP AND HOLD
AMC is tanking! We need more fuel!
Nokia newbie hoping for stonks
Just put £1,000 into Nokia after seeing an article online about WSB and reading posts on what other things to invest in. YOLO, STONKS, have I got the lingo?
Stop trying to find the “Next One”. You’re trying to make money. We’re in a fight right now. If you want to support then buy GME idiot.
WERE NOT DONE WITH GME. WE’LL GO SOMEWHERE ELSE WHEN THIS FIGHT IS DONE BUT ITS NOT CLOSE TO DONE SO SUPPORT OR LEAVE.
We need to strategize
The Hedge fund owners are now banking on GameStop stock rising today, we have to sell it back down to 100 and plant our feet in blockbuster nokia and amc, we’ve won the offensive now we need to hold the line
Webull, Fidelity, Revolut
Use these instead of Robinhood for GME, NOK, AMC, etc.
So when the hedge funds lose a few of their billions it’s completely wrong, but when I lost most of my hard earned thousands it’s to keep us safe? Fuck you robinhood
IF YOU BOUGHT $AMC FUCKING HOLD
IGNORE THE DIP FUCKING HOLD
Trading212 has suspended GME purchase!    Bros!
Since T212 isn't allowing for GME purchases it seems UK bros are fucked unless there's other trading options out there for us... But no matter what, HOLD YOUR STOCKS LADS!
FOR THOSE WHO CANT AFFORD GME, GET BB!! CONTINUE THE MOVEMENT!
Market opened low for BlackBerry, great for those who still need to invest!!
British trading apps have blocked new accounts
Any trading apps still available to sign up on, trading 212 and other like it have completely shut off new applicants and I'd like to join the cause
VW's Great Infinity Squeeze Timeline $1000/share (2008) - HOLD STRONG TOGETHER
I love democracy... unless we're talking about RobinHood of course
RH
Imagine investing into a company because you believe in their success over the next 6 months, but an ironically named broker shuts down the ability for others to invest as well, fundamentally limiting growth of the investment for retail investors. Is this not market manipulation when the company in question is barely large enough to even be traded in the first place?
GNUS
Let’s go!!!!!!!!!!
Nothing as relevant as this. We knew this 331 days ago
DO NOT SELL
WE CAN'T SELL NOW BOYS. TO THE MOON
$BBW
If you cannot trade because of robinhood blacklisting HOLD GME and AMC, BUY BBW, trading is still available on RH!
MUX UNBLOCKED
MUX   now. Not blocked!! You know what to do
BB and AMC let's make it happen
Now is the time! It's down now, get it while it's low.
Retail investments suspended to allow Short's to cover?
Could i be right in thinking that the brokers have been forced to stop retail investors purchasing shares, as the short sellers are going to need to buy back all of the remaining float (and then some) to cover their shorts? Or is my understanding incorrect?  Could this be a sign that the Squeeze is in fact coming very soon?
Tradestation site traffic too heavy, won’t allow application submission
I don’t know how useful of a heads-up this is, but if you’re trying to open a Tradestation account because they haven’t restricted trading on $GME (fuck Robinhood), be aware that a lot of people are doing that right now. I’ve spent the last 45 minutes trying to complete an application and both their site and app are breaking. Good luck    🤚
Stop selling you Retards, you are letting them win!
AMC KEEP HOLDING DON’T STOP BELIEVING
Don’t you dare sell those AMC shares.  Buy the $11 dip and wait for the ship to blast off.
USE FIDELITY INVESTMENTS
I just bought another 1000 shares of GME, and fidelity is not stopping it!
$NOK $NAKD HODLLLL
Lego my ego and hold my NAKD NOK BABY
The following allow trading GME, AMC and NOK: WeBull, Revolut, Stash, Fidelity, TradeStation, Vanguard, Etrade, TastyWorks , Public, XTB, Degiro, Merrill Lynch, ThinkorSwim , Schwab  TDA
Credit goes to u/StochasticLife for providing the list.   Modification to margin, some trading is allowed.
Buy AMC NK on CASHAPP ITS WORKING AGAIN NOW!!
If u don’t hv cashapp use my link and get $5  SRVSWCB
FUCK ROBINHOOD!! how bout we go on a different app that will let us buy shares and drive up the price there!!
AMC needs help NOW
all in we need to choke slam these hedgeys
Blocking in Australia, help!
Has anyone been able to buy GME, BB, AMC in Australia today ever since 9:30 est? If yes which platform
You guys, made it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Working close the market, but more as donkey and badly paid when i have listen from some of the genius leading the world calling you gangsters...  I had for you the biggest respect ever, great job !!! Seems the democracy is not doing well when the rich does not have their bonusses. My deeply respect, strength and honor!!!
I'm in GME with you. Please stop fighting against the AMC holders.
I'm in both GME and AMC, for some reason people on this sub keep spreading conspiracies on AMC and telling people to sell. You are fucking a lot of us over, a lot of us have money locked into both GME and AMC.   Please stop. Currently negative in my account because AMC losses are drowning my GME gains.
Cancel Robinhood!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
After all this settles Robinhood needs to pay everyone quit/ cancel your accounts  move your money
Phone number for Robinhood
Anyone got a phone number for Robinhood? Let’s blow up their phones.
Rate Robinhood 1 star on the app store!
If everyone here did that, their ratings would tank and they would know not to mess with the common man.
Current state of the stock market, someone throw the tickers over the villagers!
AMC and Gamestop blocked in Europe
Seems that we are all Chinese these days...
Can’t wait for this moment to be on History Books that cost more than Phone.
Robinhood now blocking options trading on AAL
absolutely insane!
Cashapp is open for biz
Just put in 1k order for AMC. Hold the line boys
Citadel's Ken griffith possibly behind this. Read this journalist's theory, please. Good luck, loveable bastards, and hold on!
Need new broker recommendations
Downloaded Robinhood back in March due to the ease of access it provided. But after this bullshit today they are dead to me. What platforms would you guys recommend? Ive heard Schwabb is a decent option but I dont know where they stand on all of this as well.   Positions: $GME    $BB    $NOK
Where can we still buy stocks? (US)
I really want in on gme and amc.    ROBINHOOD is obviously down.   Webull hasn't verified me yet.  Not sure if I'll be able to buy here anyway.  Cash app has been crashing all morning.    I want in plus I think we all need to know where to buy at so we can keep this going  Thanks in advance
Can’t buy GME on robinhood, What happened? Who knows what apps is allowing?
Stop listening to podcasts that are supported by Robinhood ads!!
And if you have a podcast, cut all ties.  Also: Pony up retards we’re going to the M O O N
WEBULL EVERYONE USE WEBULL
Webull is just as easy to use as Robinhood, they haven’t restricted the market yet. Buy the drip and ride for the moon
How do you buy stocks?
Someone please help me i'm new :')
This whole thing is bigger than all of us, be strong and proud!
It is not much, but my 16 shares of GME feels like it is more important for this country and economy than all my years of voting for elected officials. I am here till the end!
SEC needs to enforce bigger penalties for illegal market manipulation!
It makes sense.   For example.  If a fund is risking 3bn, but only get fined 100million for manipulation that ends up protecting their 3bn, there is absolutely no incentive to not manipulate the market.  Fines should be greater than what the funds are risking.
What would bankrupting the short sellers really do to the economy?
I've heard some commentary from various media sources saying that if the short sellers (Melvin et al) go belly up then a ripple effect could be felt when they cash in other positions to cover the loss. Can anyone give some insight on what this might look like or is it all bullshit meant to scare people off the GME train?
BB BIG DIP NOW, BUY AND HOLD
I'll be honest, I don't know much about stocks, started following this sub yesterday. Y'alls passion made me buy $20 in both AMC and NOK on Cashapp, I'm also trying to get GME on Webull. You guys are awesome!
I don't know much about stocks but the passion y'all have has inspired me!
Just wanted to say thanks. Still Holding. Not Selling. This is bigger than me. Proud to be in the trenches with you all. Moon or Valhalla!!
You’re only down if you sell. Please don’t freak out. Forever,
REVOLUT STILL ALLOWING RETAILERS TO BUY $GME
UPVOTE  Their servers are flooded. I had to wait almost an hour. But they are still allowing retailers to buy $GME Shares
You glorious bastards made it to our enemy. Congrats to KESELS for making to the front page of news
We actually did it Reddit ✊
ALEEERRRRTT INTERACTIVE BROKERS WON'T LET YOU BUY GME ANYMORE EITHER. THIS IS SERIOUS NOW.
What if this was all a bet like in Trading Places with Eddie Murphy and Dan Aykroyd?
Imagine at the end of GME, AMC, BB, NOK, etc if two old guys have that closing scene again...      "Well... you won the bet... \[snap-snap\] here's your $1 dollar"
They've blocked GME purchases on IBKR too, can't add any more shares.

BOYCOTT ROBINHOOD AND TD AMERITRADE
They’ve banned AMC and GME from being purchased. This is bullshit.
STOP SELLING! HOLD ALL YOUR POSITIONS YOUR MAKING THEM RICHER
HOLD all your positions stop getting scared they are winning. We can beat them they are scared of us we made them go to the media and cry foul. We win as long as we hold.   STOP SELLING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Freetrade app still working!!!!

HL is looking pretty sexy right about now
While it is terrible that GME and AMC stock is being restricted, remember, this is the time to buy more
AMC for example is down ≈50% this morning. When will you have a better opportunity to invest more?
BBW BBW ROCKET TO THE MOON
Fidelity still allowing buys on GME and others
Spread the word!!!
WEBULL
WEBULL STILL ALLOWS THE PURCHASE OF GME! BUY AND HOLD!
BB down 30%
Is it over boys? Should I sell with a loss?
This manipulation is why we need to adopt cryptos!!
The system is clearly rigged to make sure the rich people use their rich connections to stay rich and screw us. We need to reinvent finance with a truly democratized system.
hold GME, but also look at XL
XL (XL Fleet), it is a 20$ stock currently. The reason on why Im mentioning this stock is because it has the same potential as GME and the data is there.   it is 75% short and if it gets pushed over 35$ it will moon to 100+     This not to distract you from GME or the others I just wanted you guys to know this.
BUY INTO THE FTSE
HOLD THE LINE.
AMC needs to climb its cheap right now
Buy the DIP!
Vanguard is letting you buy, I'm now a proud owner of 667 Nokia shares
You can sell but not buy, nah - you want these 100 shares you’re paying $10,000 naked call selling fuckers
The more bullshit they try, the more desperate they reveal themselves to be.
The writing was on the wall — Chamath called this back in June, 2020!
LGND heavily shorted -- next buy!
Heavily shorted. Not yet reached moon. 1+1 =       In for 12 @ 170
DONT FUCKING SELL AMC
BUY THE FUCKING DIP  this is not financial advide  DONT LET THEM SCARE YOU AWAY  WE ARE WINNING JUST DONT FUCKING SELL
BUY $GME on SoFI IT WORKS PLEASE PLEASE!!!
BUY $GME ON SoFi PLEASE PLEASE GO GO IT WORKS!!!!
NOK GO INTO BEFORE ROCKET START     GREETINGS FROM GERMANY
You can't even search for GME or BB!! Drop a comment if you're interested in helping to build an open source app for trading stonks.
Watching the mess unfold on CNBC and Julia Boorstin is legit talking about how Reddit works fundamentally. Omg these boomers 😆
AMC, NAKD or BB?
I’ve just bought 2 GME, which would you say is best next? Why is AMC so low?
Is there an alternative to RH that we can join and buy today?
Stop clogging up the tubes on WeBull lol
Seriously I'm trying to finish my signup
Bro help
Its going down for me why is gme going down for me??? Also is something big happening tomorrow
How to transfer your stocks from RH to another broker account (like Fidelity)

Ge??
HOLD THE FUCKING LINE MY BROTHERS! GME AMC BB NOK
The market is getting shit on, massive manipulations are happening to talk the hendgefund managers off the ledge. Just. Keep. Holding. And buy the dip.
NOKIAS WAY LOWER RISK AND HIGHER GAIN DUE TO LOWER STOCK PRICE
YOU HEARD ME
Is AMC a lost cause or should I buy in at the dip?
I just saw an article saying they have   million new shares, does that mean we can't reach the same goal of GME here? What should I invest in?
Literally watching RH not execute orders and not cancel them. Holding my funds in limbo to execute when???. BIG L
Hey yo quick question.....
Can y'all ummmm   Can y'all do the same shit worldwide cos we all need a GME in our lives?  Ps: Asking for a friend...
Once this has all settled we need to post shit reviews for Robinhood on Playstore and App store for being boot lickere
CHARLES SCHWAB TO THE MOON
AMC Trades automatically closed
My AMC Trades were just closed after dropping below 'closeout level'. I'm new to this, is this a setting on my app I can change or is that normal at 50% reduction? But what if they'd bounced back??
Ameritrade seems to be working.
Ameritrade seems to still be buying and selling AMC and NOK. Don't have any funds to find out about BB yet. Will have to see what happens.
UPVOTE THIS: Hedge Funds are doing MARKET MANIPULATION on $AMC.
1st: Guys dont sell. we are retards. we cant find the sell button.       OK, EVERYTIME TRADING GETS HALTED AND then IT FALLS, SO NO ONE GETS TO BUY. ONLY LOTS OF PEOPLE SELLING. THE BUY ORDERS ARE NOT GOING IN, BECAUSE TRADING GETS HALTED.       NOTICE AMC:    1.  DROP FROM 13 TO 12. TRADING HALTED.       2. DROP FROM 12 TO 11. TRADING HALTED      3. DROP FROM 11 TO 10. TRADING HALTED      4. DROP FROM 10 TO 9. TRADING HALTED.        BEWARE. FUCK MAN THEY ARE DOING US DIRTY.     REPORT THEM TO THE SEC RIGHT NOW!!!
GameStop And The Ecstasy Of Making Elites Pay
WE LIKE THE STOCK! WE DO NOT LIKE THE APP
Fuck Robinhood. This is pure manipulation. File SEC complaints against them and slowly/carefully move your investments elsewhere. To allow only sales and not buys in all the stocks mentioned here is absurd. Either way I'm not selling and neither should you.
NAKD is dipping hard. Anxious. Sell or hold
Fidelity let me buy NOK and AMC and BB
Uh oh.
USE $GME GAINS FOR LAWYERS TO SUE ROBINHOOD
how ironic it would be to use the gains they tried to prevent us from having to burn them. Godspeed my fellow autists                    🏽 🏽👏🏽
Anyone else noticing that deposits into your investment accounts seem to be taking longer than normal to become available to purchase?
I deposited 4000$ into my E TRADE and it’s taking a few days now to let me use it to purchase more GME.
#FuckRobinHood
#FuckRobinhood switching to Trade Station
If Robinhood is preventing you from buying, are they also preventing you from exercising your options?
Correct me if I'm wrong but theoretically if people started exercising their options, call sellers would be forced to buy the shares at the current price. Wouldn't this force the price even higher?  Not saying to do, this just thinking out loud.
Can we all fill out SEC complaints against RH today?
Guys, I’m a first time poster here, but have been loyally lurking for some time. Actually had SNDL stock from 5 months ago, betting on legalization to happen in the US.   Wanted to jump on and buy more SNDL today because I actually want them to get above $1–they have until June 26 to be trading at a >$1 for 10 straight days or else they’ll be delisted from NASDAQ. This is the kind of shit that chaps my ass.   What’s more fucking odious than that though is the fact that RobinHood can control the market by suspending certain stocks just because they’re bending to pressure from the hedge funds on Wall Street.   God forbid anybody outside of the 1% gets a fucking breadcrumb.   This is, at its very least, ethically gross. At its best, got to be some sort of violation. Right? Can we file SEC complaints against them?
Hold on your tendies
Whatever the fuck is happening right now on the market and trading platforms, do not sell. That's exactly what they want you to do.
I know a lot of you BB and AMC folks are in the red today. Hold the line.
This is a scare tactic and it really hurts, especially for new investors. But we can't let them win. You're not losing til you sell, so HOLD!
Meanwhile, CNBC explaining how Reddit works to boomers
VARTA - THIS IS THE WAY
Since GME and AMC are halted, we can fuck Melvin in another hole - VARTA ticker     Melvin had 4-5% short and I guess they are liquidating at the moment cause this shit is printing.  Go in before they stop buy orders on this one too.     DISCLAIMER: I own 100 shares at 130 euro avg cost
YOU DON’T LOSE MONEY TILL YOU SELL, NO MATTER THE STOCK FUCKING HOLD YOU RETARDS       HANDS.
HOLD
EVE and Company Could Really Benefit from Some Shorty Beatdown
This female owned Cannabis company in Ontario has been under attack from a Shorties.  At one time it was very promising but has done nothing but fight selling pressure.  I think it might be part of the MMCAP group which has terrorized a large portion of the Cannabis industry.
Wtf
Daaamn wtf happening to $NOK -30%??
Robinhood, you are a joke.
Can I invest in stock if I am under 18?
I am wondering if i can start investing in stocks if i am under 18? If i can where should i invest (what apps like etoro or something else)?
Stash app is down 🤬
Tf is going on 😫😫😫😫
Tweet bomb anyone who denies us
@RobinhoodApp @TDAmeritrade  Please, upvote this post. I could give a fuck about karma, I care about the little guy.  Please respond with any broker not allowing purchases and I will update this thread.  Please, share, upvote, do a rain dance, whatever.  Twitter is where we make ourselves heard
Too broke to buy GME? Buy the dip in BB!
BB and GME were the original two, so let’s focus on those for now!
I WILL HOLD
I HAVE STOCKS IN  $GME, $BB, $NOK. I DON'T CARE HOW MUCH THAT FUCKING NUMBER TURNS RED. FUCK ROBINHOOD. FUCK THE MEN IN SUITS. I DON'T HAVE AS MUCH AS SOME BUT I DUMPED MY SAVINGS INTO THIS EFFORT AND I WILL DIE CLAMPED ONTO A ROCKET THAT CRASHES ON THE FUCKING MOON.     D O N O T S E L L. H O L D T H E L I N E.                 W E L I K E T H E S E S T O C K S
No Robinhood??? Got Set Up With My PUBLIC App in like 20 minutes...annnnnd I'm in.
A little late to the party and we bull is making me wait days for   I got the PUBLIC app and it's working just fine.
XL with 85% short interest and   Market Cap
LITERALLY THE NEXT GME YOU SMOOTHBRAINS     75% of available shares were shorted from $35 to $20. We start buying now and once it's over $30 the shorts will start to panic and close their positions, pushing it up into the $50-100 range if we can get momentum behind the swing!     edit: i like the stock
My trading app executed market sell orders a while 15 minutes after they were cancelled. Did not want to sell...
Robinhood Class Action   Chapmin Albin (investory rights firm) Announcement
Change of direction, for now?
Since they have disallowed the buy of some stocks why don’t we find one that is active and show them they can’t stop us only slow us down.
Correct me if I’m wrong my lore may be incorrect.
I thought Robinhood was a guy that stole from the rich and gave to the people, but it seems Robinhood is just trying to fuck the poor.
$AMC IS DIPPING
Boys, Gorillas, Chads, and all those a like $AMC has been scared back down almost 30% due to paper hands McGee being a silly little guy. Hold hold hold. Cashapp still lets you buy $AMC if you wanna get in on the fire sale
GME its over. move on
sold at 489$ enough is enough insanity coming to an end, take your profit dont be too greedy, we ruined hedge funds but if we keep continue pushing it up we will have to ruin eachother at this level.  who will buy our shares when u take profit? another retails.. retails going after retails now.  will cover shorts at 100$
BNTC has potential to pop again. We need to   it and pressure their   team to release more news!
Robinhood not letting you buy additional shares in AMC,NOK Since Robinhood is not letting everyone buy additional shares in certain stocks today I kept my eyes on some stocks with great potential let’s send XBIO,EARS,JAGX to the moon  Previously all 3 of those were once thousands of dollars
How on earth is this legal? BB tanks as they tell people not to buy it!
RH says in losing money but all of my stocks are going up?
WTF is this. I have one stock that dropped like 30$ and RH says I'm down over 300 with everything else going up. No one to even call for RH.
People online on WSB Right now. This is insane. On r/AskReddit there are   People online. HOLD TOGETHER
AMC
Can someone convince me that it'll all be okay eventually cause right now Ive lost a lot of money.
A couple of questions
Hello people,  I have been following the events of this subreddit very closely and with a lot of attention. I would like to do a YouTube video explaining it all to people who don't have time to look/don't understand what  is happening. I have understood most of the core ideas, but I still have a couple of questions :  1. What exactly is a short squeeze? Is it the principle of making stock prices go up to screw over short sellers? 2. How exactly did short sellers create/participate in the crisis of 2008? 3. Why is this happening now? Is there a reason why this whole affair is taking place now, and not in 3 months?  I wish you all the best of luck, and stay strong against these scummy hedge funds!!!
"The little guys are doing what the big guys do, and the little guys are winning!" & "I don't feel sorry for the hedge funders, no one should feel sorry for the billion $ HF managees."
Need more in NAKD. Don’t let them scare you into selling.
FUCK RH IT'S TIME TO TAKE OUR MONEY ELSEWHERE
I will not sit here and watch my money sit in a brokerage where I can only Sell. RH WILL NOT TELL ME WHAT TO DO WITH MY MONEY FUCK YOU ROBINHOOD WE'RE GOING TO THE FUCKING MOON TARDS                                           EDIT1: GME BB AMC GO BRRRRR
Just bought a share of GME on
Not sure if this will be any help to anyone but since I've that Robinhood isn't letting anyone but I thought I should share.  I have been a member of WSB for a while but tbh I barely understand anything that goes on in this sub. This whole debacle though has me inspired. Let's show wall street  We like this stock
ALRIGHT DEGENERATES, IF WE CANT BUY THEN WE ARE AT LEAST NOT GOING TO FRICKIN SELL
DONT FRICKIN GIVE IN AND SELL. HOLD THE LINE. DONT GIVE UP THE SHORT SQUEEZE OF A LIFETIME!  SELL AND YOU LET THE HEDGE FUNDS WIN!  WE ALL HOLD, AND THE GAINS WILL BE IMMESUERABLE!   📈
What stonks were banned on Robinhood today? I’m a meca-autist using e trade and having no issues.
Why line no hold?
STOP SELLING BB
JFC people! This isn’t financial advice, this is a cry for help!
GME SHORT AT 249% OF FLOAT. UNPRECEDENTED AMOUNT OF SHORTS BY HEDGIES
I can’t even log into TD Ameritrade to look at my portfolio, what the fuck is this shit?
I’m not in GME anymore but I have my eye on NAKD and want to just monitor it. This is a fucking shitshow and sad to see these corporations just fuck the common man from making good money.
I finally pulled the trigger. Thank you guys.
Will GME manipulation on Robinhood cause the stock to go down?
I knew GME will be going high, but the latest Robinhood development may do some damage. This is also seen on AMC and BB as well.
FCK ROBINHOOD! YOU SAY AMERICANS CAN'T BUY $GME ? IN EUROPE THERE'S STILL NO SUCH THING!! I'M BUYING MORE
Honestly fuck Robinhood and what they've done to some hard-working people. But worry not, there are many people still BUYING from other countries. Croatian myself, I have bought and keep buying more                  DIAMOND HANDS!
Ah makes sense now. RH is controlled.
Alright Apes, keep your    and support mental health. Make Bell media pay up! #BellLetsTalk $GME
The Canadian CNBC (BNN) and half of the Canadian media is owned by Bell.  They 'donate' a nickel for every tweet or tiktok that includes #BellLetsTalk - let's get these Boomers and big Canadian media to pay up! Let's use our power for even more good - We are our own Robinhood! $GME #BellLetsTalk
More than class action. Start organizing to withdraw all your cash from Robinhood the day before their IPO in a few months.
I bet they don't even have the liquidity to handle mass exodus on a single day like this even with warning so the government will have to bail out all their investors and they'll get audited and maybe arrested and their IPO will be cancelled. Or at least we'll ruin their IPO. And people on other brokers who fucked with our shit today will surely join in with the protest despite not having IPOs involved in their situations.  Disclaimer: this suggestion is is not market manipulation. As a person on US soil I have the right to engage in protest and the Supreme Court ruling on Citizens United suggests my financial transactions enjoy that first amendment protection when engaged in political action. Aside from the protest, I am an account holder with Robinhood and an American investor, so I am contractually allowed to liquidate my assets with the brokerage and withdraw my funds completely at my own discretion for any reason I want, and as an investor there is nothing wrong with me testing the financial integrity of a company going public and encouraging my fellow investors to join in making it a more vigorous test. If Robinhood isn't doing anything wrong they should welcome a chance to prove to investors that they can handle all the challenging situations they're legally required to be able to handle such as massive withdrawals of funds by users.
THEIR GAME, THEIR RULES, THEIR SCAMS.. AND YET WE ARE WINNING. HOLD YOUR FUCKING LINE!
For everyone locked out of their brokerage apps. Please read
Please hold  Hold for all the times you've lost sleep over money.  Hold for the people who can't/couldn't.  Hold for the people living paycheck to paycheck who were finally able to make a decent amount of money.  Hold for the people that want to see you fold and sell because they forced you into a corner.  Hold for life changing money rather than settling.     This is their big final attempt to scare you. They want you to sell. They want you to think it's a single brokerage app's fault.   It's not. They want you to feel like you can pull out and rebuy somewhere else. GME and other shorts will be restricted across plenty of platforms. Once you sell, that's it. No more re-entry.  They say we are "manipulating the market". Calling what we are doing a "ponzi scheme".  This is what a rigged system looks like. Protecting the super-wealthy while they do the same thing.  I say fuck them, let's make them feel this.  Make the bigs bleed, but we have to do it together.   This is more than a short, this is a moment in history.
Complete an SEC complaint if your brokerage isn’t allowing purchases of shares. These motherfuckers are trying to manipulate the market to the benefit of hedgies. Fuck them and fuck the system.
I didn’t want to believe...
I saw what you guys were doing last week when GME rose to $80, I watched from the sidelines as you pushed it past $  said to my self “this has to bottom out, this bubble will pop”.  I watched again the next day as it pushed to $280, I again lied to myself thinking it would bottom out. I woke up the next day to see the $350 peak and that’s when I said fuck this I want on this rocket.  I liquidated some under preforming stocks and I bought in $10k at and average of $314. I watched with joy as it continued to rise to $370, and I felt my paper hands as the after market performance dropped.  I held fast brothers and sisters. I did some research, watched some videos, and read some posts on here educating my self on the squeeze and how Melvin is now stuck with their thumb up their ass left holding the bag on this.   My diamond hands arrived this morning when I awoke like it was Christmas morning to check the market open. If I sold now this rollercoaster would be worth it, but FUCK THAT. Also fuck robinhood not letting me buy more.
NO BETTER STOCK THAN NOKIA
MORE STABLE AND ASSURED GAINS
We still sticking with GME? I bought 2 shares at 15 bucks yesterday and now I'm down 5 bucks (First time trading)
STOP SELLING YOU PUSSIES!! SWITCH FROM ROBINHOOD TO SOMETHING ELSE! IM NOT SELLING
Etrade is usable boys keep AMC and gme$
Mod on gamestop subreddit bans me for saying he should be mod because he doesn't represent Gamestop's core value: "Fuck wallstreet, get money"
I'm willing to gamble a bit
bought 3 GSE at 380.. put the sale in for 3@1600.  Go baby go! \[I have faith in this community\]
How quickly their views changed within 24 hours.
Robinhood is not allowing you to put a limit order to sell GME.
I'd imagine this will be put in place for as long as this shit is going down.  I hope I don't get fucked from this.
HOLLDD! We're getting close to an insane peak!

CANCEL LIMIT ORDERS! If you can’t buy AMC, GME, BB then who do you think is buying the shares being sold? MANIPULATION. DO NOT SELL AND CANCEL LIMIT ORDERS
For the price to go down someone has to sell and someone has to buy. SOOOOOO WHO DO YOU THINK IS SELLING AND BUYING if retail investors are prevented from BUYING.   MANIPULATION
They made it personal
Let me first start off by saying that I haven't bought into the GME Rocket ship or AMC but that I fully support all of you. This went from a simple buy in into something far more. I have been closely watching all of the news unfold and it may not mean much but I want to say that I fully support all of you who are riding that   to the moon and back!      2021 first put the fear of god in politicians and now it has put that same fear with these Wallstreet/ Hedgefund jackoffs! I do not have any more funds to throw into that   but this shit has become more than just a skirmish and it is a full on WAR! Know that you have another autist of the   you have on this sub!      TO THE MOON!!!
BUY $AMC WHILE ITS LOW AND HOLD
BUY $AMC AT   A SHARE AND HOLD          IF YOU HAVE ENOUGH FOR $GME DO THAT FIRST
GME to Andromeda       wheres my BB Big Boy Gang? Buy the dip📉 📈
This is not financial advice.
Watching my BB gains dry up while locked out of my trading platform.
Look, I was fully aware that I was being stupid, greedy, selfish, capitalist, whatever you want to say about buying a pumped stock.   I was also fully prepared to lose 70-80% of my investment.  But I can do all of that losing MYSELF, I don't need the banks to send me a message that stocks are not for mere retail investors.   And I know now that it was a smart play that we were all pulling because otherwise, you'd just let the free market wipe us out.  Today TD locked out me and probably thousands of others from buying or selling because of trades 2k, 300 share BB junior YOLO. That's really slimy. Not being able to trade these stocks is what's making them tank.   No dips for me, and I'm holding my position.    BB 300 shares     I wanted the gains, but I can afford to lose the principle. Fuck them all.
Trading 212 disabled registering
So apparently trading 212 disabled their registering for the time being they don’t want us to get more gme stocks
Hi WSB. I have $30 after paying rent. How make millionaire please?
After paying my rent I have $30. I see a lot about WSB lately. How I make millionaire please.
Can we get a sticky post titled: "DO NOT SELL"
With all this corporate espionage going on people are getting demotivated and panic selling. Can we please get a sticky that tells people not to sell no matter what?
JULIAN EDElMAN JOINED THE MOVEMENT
sold everything
had to cut my losses on BB and AMC :(   RIP the dream sorry for my paper hands  you guys should probably liquidate as well while you can
With Reddit-backed investors storming the Street, traders decipher the gaming of GameStop
Robinhood Fucked Us
Gentlemen,  Today marks one of the saddest days in WSB history. Robinhood fucked us by blocking the purchase of AMC, GME, NOK, and other stocks. This is market manipulation on the part of Robinhood. I'm sure someone is considering legal action as we speak.
If y’all don’t fucking hold I swear to god I will literally tie my wife’s boyfriend up and hold him instead!
Small reminder to those hurt by robinhood. Financial complaints are only good in writing.
They have to look into it and respond within a certain amount of days. Email counts too. Flood them for what they are doing. And please continue to hold or they win.
Trade 212 buy restrictions
Is it still a good idea to but NOK? It keeps going down in price and I don’t know if people are buying it.
WHY ARENT YOU HOLDING
first words out of my 2 week old sons mouth this morning.
with a tear in his eye "don't be a pussy dad"... diamonds you fucking losers!!!!!
I may be losing money from these stocks BUT BY GOD I WON'T SELL. THIS IS A FIGHT AGAINST WALL STREET NOW
20 share $GME 30 shared $BB 15 shares $NOK
Canadian 🇨🇦 investors using Wealthsimple can still purchase GME, AMC, and NOK shares.
EOM.
Can't find gamestop on bux zero?
anyone else have this problem?
Use this moment of widespread anger and visibility to lobby for the end of day trading margin requirements! The rules must change to give the little guy a chance!
My background is as a finance director for the GOP and then private lobbying. In my political work, we focused intently on maximizing small windows of change in public opinion/perception.   Never before, and likely never again, will we see every major news organization focused on the plight of retail investors. Never again will we have business titans (Cuban), Republicans (Trump Jr) and Democrats (AOC) rallying publicly for the same regulatory policy.   This is a moment where most people involved can show real harm (money lost) rather than talking hypotheticals (the current RH suit).   It’s time to shift the conversation and move the Overton window. This opportunity may not come again.
APES TOGETHER STRONG. HOLD HOLD AND BUY DIPS
🤚
To the moon.
Hold GME, Buy GME. Don’t dare sell. GME TO THE MOON!!!!!!
They can’t block trading forever. Watch what happens when RH opens it back up
I've got diamond hands
What am I doing
Hi everyone! Total noob here to literally everything. I mainly joined because you all seem to be having an insane amount of fun and I’d love to be in the loop lol. I just downloaded robinhood, any advice? I don’t have a lot of revenue to poor in to stocks... but I’m hoping to learn more!
[Canada] Wealthsimple is back up! NOK order has gone through. Don’t have much but all in.
From Hasan Piker's stream: "If you can get owned by fucking morons with $600 in their pockets, that's not an indictment on the morons, it's an indictment on you."
I told my in laws how much money I've been making on stonks and they have me $2k and I dumped it in BB
Fuck these 🏳️‍   my dudes. The market is no longer a place exclusively for organizations and individuals with millions of dollars. The market is for our benefit.  IT'S OUR MONEY, FUCK THESE HEDGES AND FUCK THEIR PUTS.  LET'S FUCKING GO 💥💥💥
ROBINHOOD PUTTING LOWER PRICES THAN WHATS ACTUALLY THE PRICE POINT. WATCH IT ON TD DONT SELL.
But dogeeeee
HANDS WILL PREVAIL
ITS NEVER A LOSS UNTIL YOU SELL, AVERAGE DOWN
MUX
Up 26% today. Only   right now!! Not blocked on robinhood
Buy Nio now!!! 70+ next week!!!
Jan delivery 9000+!!!
Robinhood contact information for C-level assistance
Vlad Tenev- CEO- 571-224-8804    Jim Swartwout COO- 3215419434     Jason Warnick CFO Mobile#- 2069155858    Scott Hershorin- Chief Compliance Officer 6103295474  Kelly Zigaitis Chief Compliance Officer securities- 3148353050  Director Business Operations Nafeesa Remtilla - 4156275528  Brianna Bain Marker Operations Head - 503-806-1430  Jacob Schwartz- Senior manager customer support- 6502489106  Alison Wu Manager Operations- 4087283773
Buy BB ITS DOWN
Ameritrade down, Robinhood closing stocks, Nasdaq lying
DONT LET THIS STOP US. KEEP BUYING. KEEP BREAKING THROUGH       $$$$GME $$$$BB FOR THE RIDE TO MARS
JUMP PLATFORM FROM ROBIN HOOD TO ETORO
ONLY $5 withdrawal fee's on etoro plus full trading is operational. Jump now and help hold the lines
Wealthsimpletrade this morning
Those of you looking for a place instead of Robinhood! Try Public
Its the same type of deal as Robinhood but less shady. No restrictions on buying and selling. Use my  link and we both get money, so why not, you autist?
SWITCH TO REVOLUT guys! GME FTW. HOLD THE FUCKING LINE!
The real question
How come Robinhood has not disabled selling on AMC since the stock has dropped so much now? By their logic, shouldn’t they re-enable buying and disable selling? 🧐🧐
What to buying hearing GME NOK or AMC and i just need someone to tell em what to do
Just got in !!! down 100$ already buy AMC and NOK hold GME it’s the best plan !!!
YOU KNOW ITS GOTTA BE NOKIA
CANT GIVE UP ON IT
STICK TO GME
Don't be smart, were not regarded here for that. Be regarded.
I got so much adrenaline flowing through my veins right now!
Help - only getting in now - can't buy
I'm a dumb ass who waiting so long to get in.. I'll buy in at 370 idc, I wanna help all I can and be proud to say so.. I have just offloaded other gains to get into GME .. unfortunately Robinhood wont allow me to buy in!  Where's the next place to try open an account and buy GME?
Webull app
Webull can verify you within a few hours so you can get back to trading.
HOLD STRONG Congress is hearing us!!
US Rep. Rashida Tlaib, a Democrat from Michigan, responded to Robinhood's decision, calling on the House Committee on Financial Services to hold a hearing on the trading service's actions, calling them "market manipulation."
It's no longer about the money. Now we're fighting for our country.
This is completely unfair market manipulation, clearly.  We've just lost all of our rights to a free market. If you're still holding, keep fucking holding.  HOLD THE LINE, THIS IS NOT FINANCIAL ADVICE, BUT HOLD THE FUCKING LINE.     Melvin CANNOT win.
For all you guys here that are riding the lightning with Gamestop. As a non investor I would like to say "   Keep it up, I love watching all of these wallstreeters squirm and make excuses it's fucking glorious.   " EAT THE RICH.
shirt. All profit goes into $GME.
Guys, I made these shirts for myself and my friends to celebrate being part of this whole thing. But this morning, I got pissed off.     This post will probably get deleted (I understand, no hard feelings. I will not post it again).  But if anyone picks one up, all profit made today and tomorrow will be used to by GME stock. Will send confirmation Friday at 1:30pm PST. Screenshots and all the proof in the world you want.  Fuck these motherfuckers.
noob-tip
don't sell
Never thought more of this place than a meme, how do I buy gamestonk stocks to help out?
Bottom text.
Warren Buffet had some things to say about hedge funds
this doesn’t look like tendies:(
Call your congressional and Senate reps now
Call your reps ever hour informing them of the current manipulation by brokers and hedge funds that are stealing from you.  Inform them you'll help the   of the challenger if the top fails to address your grievances.
There is one true squeeze. Dont get caught up in Imitation, Concentrated, high fructose squeeze. GME
There is only one true squeeze my friends. GME. Dont let them distract you!!!
Bastards cancelled my AMC order and paused buying but hey, I'm still pretty set for the moment
STOP FUCKING SELLING AMC PLEASE :)
Tried to buy the dip to $360 and Webull "Failed to fetch" my order...
Broke college student here
1611876888
Holding from Australia.
I stayed up to 2:30 fighting my broker's shitty fucking website so I could get in for 375@39 and I'm gonna hold this to the fucking moon      . I have to wake up in 4 hours and if I can hold with that you can too.         💪
Fidelity Still Works
In old news, Robinhood hates the poor and does not want us to go to the moon.  In new news, Fidelity is still a good place to hop on the ship.
Everything is down from GME, AMC, NOK, etc. but remember some of these were distractions.
They may all be banned or suspended but the only important thing is GME.  This is our weapon against them. They are showing us why we are making this stand. Stay strong, hold and we will beat them together!
I'm 15 and I want to start investing in stocks so I can get my wealth up before i'm 18. How should I go about investing and how do I know which stocks to invest in and at what time. Someone with experience, please help me.
DONT SELL. Shits getting squirrely. DO NOT SELL
FUCK ROBINHOOD ALL MY HOMIES HATE ROBINHOOD
What exchanges can I still buy GME at?
Are all of these exchanges banning buys but not sells?  Any company banning one but not the other is clear market manipulation
I yolo’d my whole 100k inheritance into NOK and now market manipulation has fucked me over...
I dont even know what to say. I cant believe this is legal on Robinhood’s part. I was up 40% yesterday should’ve just pulled the plug, ugh Im kicking my self. I can make it back I guess... Only 20 years old
Curious about investing
In trying to get into investing but dont know what I'm doing whatsoever. What should I use to start out with and what should I be doing? Any advice would help.
#deleterobinhood
Let’s hit them where it hurts..  Everyone does free trading these days, request to move your brokerage today..
What’s going on with NOK and BB ????
Fukkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
My scholarship into NOK, I’M NOT SELLING!
Anyone who can still buy NAKD, get in there, buy the dip! Huge potential!
Noooo NB, amc, and nok have all gone down!!! Wth?
No no no no , but and hold! Buy and hold!!!!
NORDNET STILL ALLOWS GME TRADES
WHY ARE YOU SELLING AMC
STOP AND HOLD FOR THE LOVE OF GOD
GME BB AND AMC are tanking on Robinhood due to market manipulation! Don’t let these tank!!!!!
Twitter has blown up at @RobinhoodApp, and the two founders @vladtenev and @bprafulkumar
How could this decision to remove volatile stocks from their user base make any sense or even be legal? [serious]
GME is too risky and volatile to trade on Robinhood. Meanwhile on Robinhood
Finally NOK
Bought some NOK on the dip now lets goo!
Amateur Traders? We’re a fucking Goliath that’s about to go make every single boomer on Wall Street bankrupt.
Looks like they agree with us. I will never sell.

AMC     Listen to Rocket Man and buy the Dip     TODAY WE RIDE THE LIGHTNING. IT'S THE INTERNET VS WALL STREET
Got 50 bucks CAD tell me what to do to help
Yes I am a retard asking random on the internet  for a cause that would probably make me lose money but who gives a shit anymore. Trading is foreign to me lolol
ELON MAKE A ROBINHOOD COMPETITOR!
What do we have to do?
We can't forget about the other stonks that Robinhood blocked the buy of! @BB
There are other stocks that are being blocked
HOLD AMC !!!!!! DONT LET THEM WIN
COME ON AUTISTS WE CAN DO THIS WE HAVE THE POWER !! TO THE MOOON
I made 1k
I’m not a big investor but a couple years ago I decided to buy 3 stocks in GameStop
HOLD THE LINE
New investor, but long time market-manipulation hater
I only became aware of this sub and your awesome fuck-the-shorters   yesterday. Was up until 2:30am reading and researching. Opened a Webull account today, but can't do anything until the account is "approved". Got some disposable $$$ I'm gonna throw into this gloriousness! As I've learned in the past 18 hours, DIAMOND HANDS BOYS! TO MARS AND BEYOND!
Robinhood manipulating my trades
Put in a buy order after market close last night. Woke up this morning to see they moved it to Friday, then shortly after got a message saying that I chose to cancel the buy. I did no such thing at any point.  I’m so fucking pissed. I have minor dollars in unfortunately, but some is better than none. All the same how is this legal in any way?
Gotta love market manipulation. Had a large buy order placed for market open only for it to be cancelled without my confirmation.  🤲🏻 BOIS LETS BREAK THEM!
Poor NOK
I was told there would be tendies. dumped my own tendies into NOK, but i guess gme hype is too high and now im getting dinner for my wife and her boyfriend off the dollar menu tonight :(
GME GOING AGAIN!!!!!
GME GOING AGAIN!!!!!
Any good European brokers /robinhood alternatives for us to help out our American friends in this battle?
Fuck you, intern
Just wanna give a shout-out to the intern at Robinhood who definitely heard from the inside what was about to go down and then went to 'go take my retard medication' but secretly just put his entire savings into shorting GME while sitting on a pure gold robinhood toilet bowl kindly funded by the hedge funds and then woke up this morning a happy man - fuck you intern. Fuck you
Use fidelity mannnn
Rising on our side!
I have loved this show for years now. He is so right.
So who’s startin the class action?
Used to work at a small AI based hedge fund
